[{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Gravity","Author":"silverrdoe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7131159","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It started with calculus. Not a lot of things start with calculus, usually it just ends things, like a will to live, but this started something. Tori was abysmal with math. Paulie saw her struggle in class, screwing her face up at some of the simplest problems. Her brow furrowed in the nicest way. So, Paulie being Paulie, she scooted her chair next to Tori and conspiratorially whispered, \"Just makes you homicidal, doesn't it?\" Tori laughed, and with a smile Paulie offered to tutor her. Paulie wasn't, truth be told, very good at math either, but she really just wanted an excuse to be with her alone. Which was why when Tori suggested the library, Paulie insisted on her dorm. Tori came laden down with books and a general sense of uncertainty. Paulie scared her, and she wasn't sure why. She wasn't disliked in school, just outspoken, wild, and the way she carried herself, so secure, scared Tori. She just didn't know the reason why yet. Tori was, after all, always unsure. Of herself and what she wanted, and Paulie…Paulie seemed to have everything figured out. Paulie opened her door and ushered Tori inside. \"Come in! Ready to derive?\" she said with a grin. \"Oh god, never,\" Tori sighed and Paulie laughed. \"Well, let's see if we can do something about that. C'mon, let's sit on the bed.\" Tori paused, clutching her books a little tighter to her chest. \"Why don't we sit at the desk..?\" \"Oh, I only have one chair. Plus, it's pretty small. And my bed's pretty comfortable. Well okay that's a lie. It is a dorm bed after all.\" Paulie flopped down on her bed. Tori smiled and cautiously moved to the bed, setting the books down and sitting on the other side. Paulie plopped the book on her lap and inched closer to Tori. \"Alright. So, first off…\" Paulie started running Tori through a couple problems. They went on like this for a while, and Tori eventually eased into the bed, relaxing as time went on. They started laughing more and solving less, eyes drifting from the page to each other. They found themselves in a fit of giggles as Paulie imitated their math teacher's signature commands (\"You cry, I kick you out, that simple!\"), leaning against each other as they did so. It was when Tori's hand brushed Paulie's thigh that things changed. Paulie let out an involuntary sigh, and Tori yanked her hand back. \"Oh, sorry,\" she rushed out. \"Don't be,\" Paulie said with a laugh. \"You just…surprised me.\" Tori looked up nervously into Paulie's eyes. Paulie acted impulse. She didn't know what she was doing really, if Tori was feeling the way she did right now, like there was something burning inside her, or what would happen if Tori didn't respond. But, almost instinctively, like it was something she couldn't avoid, she caught a hold of Tori's hand and guided it back to her thigh. Tori tensed for a second, and the gaze was suddenly electrified. Then Tori did something completely out of her reserved character. She responded. Maybe it was the way that Paulie was looking at her, head slightly tilted, her perfect lips slightly pouted, eyes so inviting. Skin so soft. Or maybe Paulie's energy had sparked something in her, this light that had been hiding within Tori all along, just waiting for something to ignite. Tori slid her hand up Paulie's thigh, and the distance was closed between them. They became one twisting figure. Lips locked, hands wandering, bodies responding so intensely to the touch. It turned from kiss to Paulie slipping her hand under Tori's shirt, warm breath against each other's necks sending shivers down their spines. And when her fingers inched down from chest to stomach, stomach and downwards, Tori's head thrusting backward with a deep sigh, the books clattered from bed to floor, and they collapsed to the bed, connected by Paulie's hand between Tori's thighs. They were like magnets, it seemed. The time it had taken for them to kiss had been so short. It was inevitable. Paulie seemed to have known that. It was gravity, a force too strong for them to resist or ignore. They had been fate, all along. Two magnets drifting and their meeting meant instant attraction. And that was why it hurt so much when they were pulled apart. It was a violation of nature, forces out of their control. And when they split, they still felt the pull, desperately tugging at them. Being apart…nothing was more unnatural. It wasn't just love, it was gravitation. And how the fuck can you ignore gravity? ","Summary":" It started with calculus. Not a lot of things start with calculus, usually it just ends things, lik"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"The Summer That Followed","Author":"cries havoc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5865345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note : Another new thing because I can't sleep. Not sure I love it, but we'll see how it goes. More to come. Not sure anyone reads this fandom, but oh well. I don't own anything and I have no beta. Takes place in a series of shorts following Paulie jumping from the roof of the school. Let's just cross our fingers, close our eyes and believe that she lived, okay? Currently one-sided Mouse/Paulie. We'll see. --- After Paulie jumped off the roof and broke her arm, her leg and her hip in three places, Mouse would visit her in the hospital four times a week: twice during on weekdays and then once Saturday and Sunday. She even stayed at school over the summer, mostly so she could stay near Paulie, which her parents tried to understand. Every day that she came, Paulie would thank her and ask about Tori. Today was no different. \"Thanks for coming, Mary Brave,\" Paulie said. She was able, after six weeks in the hospital, to sit up now. \"Of course, Paulie. You're my friend and I'm yours and of course I'm going to visit you.\" Mary said this every day, too. Everyday though, this made Paulie sad. \"I know, Mary B. We're friend, us two.\" Paulie looked out the window. Mouse frowned. This was getting old. Maybe, she thought, she would make today different somehow. \"How's Tori? Have you talked to her?\" Paulie asked. Mouse sighed. \"No, not since last week. She's away with her family right now. Summer family time, she said.\" Mouse had said this yesterday as well. \"Let's talk about something different.\" Paulie looked up. This was new. \"Like what, Mary B?\" \"Like how when you're better you'll take your final exams and graduate and leave me. What are you going to do?\" Mouse looked at her lap, wishing Paulie wasn't leaving in a few months, too. Tori wasn't the same after that day, that terrible day, and Mouse knew it was only a matter of time until she was alone again. \"Why do you want to talk about that?\" Paulie asked, genuinely confused. \"What are your plans?\" Mouse asked again. \"I don't know. I haven't thought about it,\" she said, looking at Mouse with concern. \"Well, you should,\" Mouse stood and walked from the room, leaving Paulie to stare after her. --- One week later, Mouse returned on another Saturday afternoon, to see Paulie. When the young brunette entered the room, Paulie looked up and smiled hopefully. \"Mary Brave! I missed you,\" Paulie said, her smile fading. Mouse sat down and pulled her chair close to Paulie's generic hospital bed. \"Yeah, I missed you, too. That's why I'm back.\" \"What do you mean? Were… Were you not going to come back?\" Paulie almost looked scared, but not quite, because she was Paulie and nothing except loosing Tori scared her. \"No, I wasn't. Not for a while anyway. Because,\" Mouse reached over and gripped Paulie's hand carefully even though it wasn't the broken one, \"because this hurts, Paulie. Seeing you like this, and knowing that when you're better you'll leave. It hurts.\" Mouse looked down, sad, but unable to cry again. She had cried so much when she thought Paulie had died and left her behind. \"We'll always be friends, Mary,\" Paulie said earnestly, squeezing Mouse's hand. \"Will we? You thought that you and Tori were unshakeable, and look what happened.\" Mouse knew this was cruel, but she was hurting, too, and so terrified of being at that school where everyone now knew about Paulie and Tori and knew she lived with them and everyone wondered if she was involved somehow in their romance, or whatever it had been. Paulie recoiled and looked away, pulling her hand from Mouse's. They didn't speak for several minutes. Mouse stood. \"I'll come back tomorrow. Think about what you're doing when you get better, okay? You need a plan.\" Mouse turned to leave, but stopped. Something pulled her back. Something she'd been turning over in her head since that day. She turned back and leaned down, kissing Paulie softly on the cheek. \"I can't hug you right now, so that will have to do.\" She took a steadying breath and left. Paulie watched her go and felt her heart stir. --- On Sunday, Paulie and Mouse began to talk about the future. \"I want to go to college, but I don't know if any place will let me in,\" Paulie said, toying with Mouse's hand that was connected again to hers as Mouse sat beside her bed. \"You have good grades,\" Mouse replied, though she knew what Paulie meant. Paulie looked at her and rolled her eyes. \"Well, you're getting treatment, right, for… doing what you did, aside from the physical stuff, aren't you?\" Mouse asked. Nodding, Paulie shifted her weight a bit, making a face. \"Are you uncomfortable? Do you want me to call the nurse?\" Mouse moved to stand. \"No, no, sit Mary B. I'm okay. Just sick of being in this bed,\" Paulie squeezed Mouse's hand as the other girl settled back in her chair. \"Yeah, I bet. Didn't your doctor say you'd be able to walk soon?\" Mouse asked, squeezing Paulie's hand back. \"Maybe. In a few weeks,\" Paulie said, smiling at the thought. \"Well, that's good at least,\" Mouse paused, \"So, college. Where do you want to go?\" \"I'm not sure, but I had a list. It's in my stuff at home now,\" Paulie shrugged. Mouse frowned. \"Well, my parents got me a laptop computer, I can do some research for you if you know where you want to go or whatever.\" \"You would do that?\" Paulie grinned. \"Duh. We're friends, us two, remember?\" Mouse smiled back, feeling her stomach flutter and hating it. \"Yeah, for sure,\" Paulie gripped Mouse's hand tighter again. This was becoming a routine for them now. Mouse would come four times a week like before, but now they talked about college and Mouse's classes for her sophomore year and they held each other's hand like a lifeline, because really, that's what it was. They almost never talked about Tori. Mouse liked it better this way. She knew that Paulie was serious about not thinking she was gay; thinking that she could love Tori and not be gay at all, even if that did not quite make sense to Mouse. Mouse also knew that the way her insides felt around Paulie – wild, strong, crazy Paulie – meant something. She just was not ready to deal with it. --- A few weeks later, on a Wednesday, Mouse came into Paulie's room to see smaller casts that showed more of Paulie's healing body and sat heavily in her chair. Paulie frowned at her and reached for her hand. \"Why so blue, Mary B?\" Paulie asked when Mouse did not immediately offer her hand. \"Just tired, Paulie. I didn't sleep well,\" Mouse replied, rubbing the heels of her hands against her eyes and then taking Paulie's hand, trying to ignore the thrill that moved up her arm when her skin touched Paulie's. Mouse had not slept well because she dreamt about Paulie for the third time in as many days. She dreamed about being with Paulie like Tori had been; of being Paulie's new Tori… except that Mouse would not leave her for some boy just to please her parents. She loved her parents, of course, but knew they would understand, somehow, that love was love and it just was. Paulie frowned more deeply and squeezed Mouse's hand. \"My poor Mary. What's on your mind?\" Paulie smiled when Mouse looked up from their hands. \"Just… I don't know,\" Mouse looked away, wondering how much to say. \"How did you know you loved Tori?\" \"Um, well, I,\" Paulie stuttered over herself, which was so un-Paulie that Mouse had to keep from laughing. \"I just knew.\" \"Yeah,\" Mouse sighed, \"but when? How? If…\" Mouse chose her words carefully, \"If you're not gay, how do you know if you love another girl?\" \"Well,\" Paulie leaned her head back against her pillows and considered this. After a moment, she squeezed Mouse's hand again and said, \"It can be a number of things, Mary B. Your palms might sweat, your insides might flutter and all that, you might feel lightheaded. That kind of stuff. Just like with a boy, except sometimes it happens with a special girl and that doesn't mean you're gay – it just means you're in love.\" Paulie smiled, happy with her answer. Mouse nodded. \"So, if you dream about kissing another girl, about… being with her, then you probably love you, but you don't have to be gay?\" She asked. Paulie nodded back, \"That's right. Why?\" Mouse squeezed Paulie's hand and stood. \"Thanks Paulie. I'll see you in a few days. I'll bring you some more stuff about that college you liked in Massachusetts.\" Paulie frowned, but said goodbye and watched Mouse leave the room. ","Summary":" Author's Note : Another new thing because I can't sleep. Not sure I love it, but we'll see how it g"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Neverland","Author":"skye.angel05","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6450643","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Neverland A/N: the movie wouldn't leave me so I wanted to conclude it on my own. This is Mary-centric, and no, I haven't read the book yet ( I would if I can find a copy of it…). Also, first fic… It felt just like how it felt in the beginning, all weird in a room that felt more like home than home, as Tory had put it. Now, there is only one 'Lost Girl'. Although I would like to believe one of us had finally found her way. I guess anything would have been better than the last days of hell Paulie had lived here. I dream of her sometimes, flying through the sky like a falcon, like a real raptor, finally free. I like to think she belonged to sky now, to those heights she wouldn't fall from. Tory transferred after it all happened. She just broke down completely after what happened. She walked like a ghost in the empty corridors like all the life had been sucked out of her. I can hear her crying in the dead of the night but I don't know how to help her. I doubt that I could. Her parents had no choice but to pull her out after she collapsed in class one day. I never saw her since. Now, I stay alone in this room, their empty beds my only companions, grasping through these dark days. The world seemed to stop the moment Paulie stepped off the roof. I couldn't take my eyes away from the falcon, fully healed and soaring through the sky. I was afraid that if I looked away, it will all be real. I felt more than heard Tory gasp and fall to a slump when Paulie hit the ground. Everyone was frozen for a moment until Tory's cry of grief. Suddenly, everyone was moving. Tory stumbled through to Paulie's body, shouting her name over and over again as she held the fallen body against her, cradling her head and brushing the hair off her face mindless of the blood pooled around them. Miss Banner was close behind immediately feeling for the weakening pulse quickly fading through her fingers. \"Somebody call an ambulance!\" Miss Banner cried while trying to hold on the last remnants of life remaining in the hand steadily growing colder grasped in her own. Miss Vaughn was trying to pull Tory away from the lifeless body when the paramedics came. I was there to catch her when she finally let go. She held on to me sobbing the truth the three of us always knew. \"I love her, Mary. She can't leave me. She can't…\" \"Are you sure you don't want to stay with the other girls while we free up a new room for you?\" Miss Vaughn asks me again. \"I'm sure Miss Vaughn.\" I reply meekly. I guess I need to stay in that room, our room, to remind me how easy it is to be completely lost. I don't want to turn my back from what happened, to pretend that none of it ever was, like what most of the girls were doing. I'm afraid that if I leave I might forget what they looked like: Paulie and Victoria when they were happier, filled with life and love, untouched by the weight of the world's expectations and disappointments. \"Alright, I'll let it be for now. But I'm concerned about you, dear. I don't want you closing yourself up there, all alone. I have someone you could talk to if you want. And my door is always open if you have anything you want to say.\" She reminds me carefully touching my shoulder in gesture of comfort. I understand how she's worried. I wasn't really able to make other friends aside from my old roommates. I'm not really good at that, making friends. Plus, the other girls look at me differently because of my closeness with Paulie after her 'falling out' with Victoria. I still see the questioning looks and the hushed whispers around me. The funeral was held a few days later. Paulie's parents were quietly standing in front. Victoria was hysterically trying to get away from her father's grip to get nearer the coffin slowly disappearing underground. My father wasn't able to make it again, but I don't really care anymore. As I was walking back after the service, a woman approached me from the sidelines awkwardly trying to belong among the formally attired crown in her threadbare shoes and ill-fitting and crumpled clothes. Her eyes were hidden behind thick sunglasses but it was obvious that she was crying. \"Did you know her well? Pauline Oster?\" She asked me quietly. \"Yes. You're her blood-mother.\" I asked more than stated. \"I didn't want to have contact with her until I can get my life together. I wanted to be something she won't be ashamed of…\" She said with her voice breaking, clutching a worn handkerchief in her hand. I left her there standing until everyone else was gone, mourning the child she never knew. I looked up at the sound of a bird call. That was the last time I saw Paulie's falcon. ","Summary":" Neverland A/N: the movie wouldn't leave me so I wanted to conclude it on my own. This is Mary-centr"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Never","Author":"Breakingdawn20","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5466163","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dawn and dusk slowly falling over me. Hand in hand I knew this was meant to be. Your cheek gently grazing mine, our cold breath lingers in air. You open your lips, wanting to let words be fair. My palm reaching out for your face, then quickly you pull away. Knees begin to quake, for the fear is digging in. The words coming at me like a fist, and I dont want to give in. The ground feeling like sand when you walk away. Rain falling and your nolonger here. Begining to drown, I cannot see. Heart ripped open, seam by seam. I grasp for your hand, feeling nothing but air. Drowning even more and I cannot seem to care. Sunlight shining through, my eyes start to burn. Throat becoming raw, I knew it had to come soon. Eyes become heavy, I think I feel a touch. Pulling me up, I'm feeling like lead. Someone whispers in my ear \"this wont be the end&quot.; Feeling coming back, eyes yearn to see. But like a fool I knew, this was never meant to be.. ","Summary":" Dawn and dusk slowly falling over me. Hand in hand I knew this was meant to be. Your cheek gently g"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Come Away With Me","Author":"SisterSafetyPin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6139793","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters of Lost and Delerious do not belong to me. They belong to, I don't know actually…but I'm sure its not me… Summery: This is an alternate ending AN: Written in 2004 Come Away With M e By now I was used to Tory coming in at late hours. Trying to convince herself that she didn't care for Paulie by having sex with that guy we met while running. Just like I was used to Paulie staying up to see Tory when she came to our room. Used to Paulie asking questions Tory would not answer, like 'Where were you?' or worse 'Why are you doing this to me?' This had been going on since the day Tory's sister walked in on them the morning after they had been together. After Tory had asked me 'Mouse', aka 'Mary Brave' as Paulie called me, to look after Paulie. They were both slowly dieing. I could see it in there eyes. The difference? Tory was better at hiding it. Tory was willing to accept her fate. While Paulie, well she would die if she couldn't get Tory back. \"Paulie what are you doing?\" She had been staring at the ceiling from her bed since Tory snuck out a few hours ago and I honestly thought she might finally be going into shock. \"Paulie?\" \"Yes Mary B.\" Ok so not shock. She can still talk and identify voices. This is stressful…Tory is stupid. \"What are you thinking about?\" \"I'm going to get her back Mary B. I was just thinking about my plan.\" \"Paulie …\" \"No Mary, don't try to tell me she doesn't care, because you know as well as I, she's dieing inside! We NEED each other. Tory is scared. So I have to be the one to find the plan. It is up to me to make sure we are together. Me. So I will find a plan. I will get us back together. I have to Mary B\" then in a much softer voice 'cause I'm dieing to' I knew she was right. \"Can I help you then?\" I asked I couldn't just sit by and watch whatever happened happen between my two friends. I had to help. \"Yes,\" she had said. \"When the time comes, you can help.\" And that was that. Paulie went back to her staring at the ceiling and I went back to my staring at Paulie. It would be a while before I would hear anything from Paulie about her plan. It was almost as if she forgot about it. Even though I knew she didn't. There had been times when I thought that Paulie herself was not emotionally strong enough to come up with a plan. Finally though about three weeks later, I was sitting at the window in the library looking at the rain when Paulie came up to me. \"Do you still want to help?\" she whispered to me. \"Yes,\" I had replied. And as the rain pounded against the window, Paulie whispered her master plan to get Tory back from across the table. As I listened my only thought was a silent prayer. 'Please let this plan work' My part of the plan was quite simple. Most of which would not even come into effect until after the plan worked…if it worked. As for now, my job was to get Tory to the roof as soon as possible. Then, it would be up to Paulie. 888 \"Tory, TORY!\" I screamed when I saw her by the mailboxes. \"What is it Mary?\" She seemed panicked, good, meant the plan was working. \"It's Paulie. She, she. I think she's going to kill herself!\" \"WHAT! Where is she?\" If there was ever any doubt about Tory's feelings, the absolute horror on her face now would have washed it way. \"I don't know!\" I lied, \"...all I have is this note.\" I handed it to her She read it then left. What is life without love? I love you Tory, and I will dance alone. - P I didn't get the note at first. Paulie had to tell me that she would go to the roof where they often danced alone. I remember watching them dance there my first night... Apparently though, Tory did, because she took off for it without a seconds thought. I went to our room. I watched them argue. I watched Paulie plead, and I watched them both cry as they talked. I couldn't watch long as I was tired, but I knew... if Paulie's plan worked, this would be the last time I saw either of them. So I watched a little while longer before going to sleep. 888 When I woke up the next morning the sun was glaring into the room. I looked over and almost cried at what I saw. Two beds both perfectly made, neither having been slept in at all. Paulie's plan had worked. She had convinced Tory to go away with her. Where? I don't know, but they were both gone. I got up, slowly dressed and just looked around the room. They were gone. I could see they had stopped by the room before they left as little things were gone. The kind of little things such as Paulie's favorite book that was always near her bed... or the picture of Tory and her little sister that was usually on Tory's nightstand; those things that most would not notice at their first glance, yet I did. As I continued to study the room that was now completely mine I saw a letter taped on the mirror with Mary B. written on it. I walked over to it and gently took the tape that was holding it to the mirror off while getting the letter. Then, as I opened it I saw that the writing was Tory's. That surprised me a little. I thought that it would be from Pauly, thanking me for my help. I sat down in my bed and read the letter. Mary. Thank you for every thing. That's from me and P. This however... this is just from me. Thank you for looking after P, when I was too scared to. You kept her from really doing anything stupid like ending her life. For that I will always be grateful. Can you do me one last favor though? Could you tell me sister that I'm sorry I lied to her, and that I will always love her? Thank you, I know you will. Mary if you learned anything from Paulie and me, let it be that nothing is more important then love. Good Bye Mary, Tory 'I would tell her sister.' I thought. Then I noticed a p.s in Pauly's writing. P.S: Thank you for your help Mary Brave. I will always remember you. Never forget the best roommates you ever had. Paulie I did cry then. They were finally happy, finally back together where they belonged. I let myself cry for a few minutes before I stood up and left the room. The second part of my job had to be put into effect; I had to alert the teachers that Tory and Paulie were gone. Of course, only after I did one last thing for Tory. I wonder where I could find her sister right now anyway? fin ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters of Lost and Delerious do not belong to me. They belong to, I don't know "},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"My Number One","Author":"ParamoreFanForever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6538075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~My Number One~ 'Beep, Beep…Beep, Beep… Beep, Beep' I sat up blinking the sleep out of my eyes. I looked over at Tori and noticed she was still sleeping. So I got up and got dressed and hit the snooze button on Mary Brave's alarm clock. Then I headed to the science lab and grabbed a mouse shoving it in my pocket. When I got to Claire's hiding spot I put the mouse on the ground and Claire swooped down from her branch and ate it. When I finished feeding Claire I headed back to my dorm. As I neared the dorm I noticed that Tori's sister and her friends were blocking our door. When I reached the door I shoved my way through the little maggots and sat on the end of Tori's bed. \"So what brings you little maggots to the big girls dorm\" I teased. \"HEY!\" Tori exclaimed hitting my on the back of the head. \"That's my little sister you're calling a maggot\". Mary Tori and I all laughed. Mary got up and herded the little maggots out of our dorm saying \"alright children you should get to breakfast and let dressed\". As soon as the door closed Tori turned to me and spoke \"where were you Polly?\" I smiled and took her hands replying \"sorry I had to go out and feed Claire\" Tori smiled \"you really love that bird don't you?\" I nodded and spoke \"I want you to come out with me tonight when I feed her\" Tori nodded. During lunch Mary Brave, Tori and I all sat together at our usual table. The menu today was pasta and I love pasta. When we all got our trays Mary Brave suggested we go to our dorm and eat. When we got there Tori and I sat on her bed and Mary Brave pulled up the desk chair. As we were eating, Tori slurped some pasta in her mouth and got pasta sauce all over her nose. I leaned over and kissed if off of her. \"Hey guys I've been thinking… Tori and I need to find Mary Brave someone special, I mean I feel bad when you're all alone when I have Tori\" I finished talking facing Mary. She had just taken a sip of her juice when I said that and spit it out coughing. \"Umm guy that's really not necessary I ok with being by myself\". Tori and I looked at Mary, then at each other smiling. \"I don't like the look you guys are giving me\" Mary said nervously. Tori and I smiled then I turned to Tori \"Time to go feed Claire her lunch\". When we got outside I took Tori's hand and called Claire. I looked up when I heard her call back. I held my hand out with the mouse in it. When Claire got closer I tossed the mouse on the ground too stun it so it could not get away. Tori and I watched in amazement as Claire swooped down and grabbed the poor mouse it her talons. When Claire finished eating she flew towards me and landed on my arm. I turned to Tori and took her hand and movie it to Claire's back. \"Pet her gently, she won't hurt you, she knows you mean her no harm\". As Tori was petting Claire, Tori and I heard a twig snapping, we turned around and realized that the boys from the nearby all boys school were jogging towards us, so I made Claire leave us and turned to the boys. As the boys got closer I realized that it was Jake and his friends. \"Hey Tori, you look nice this afternoon\". Tori smiled politely \"thanks\" she replied. However, Jake did not seem to notice Tori was only trying to be polite and went to make a move on her. I stepped in front of her and pushed Jake to the ground, his buddies ran to help him up. \"I don't think Tori ever told you that she likes you so why don't you leave before you do something you will regret\" I sneered. Jake did not heed my warning and rushed me; I however sidestepped him causing him to fall on his face. He got up and punched me in my stomach making me fall on the ground winded. As Jake was going in for another blow there was a screech from above. I looked up and saw Claire diving down towards Jake. She grabbed his shirt in her talons and pulled Jake away from me. I got up and Tori ran over to help me stand. I slung my arm around her neck and called Claire off of Jake. \"Next time you try to harm me or Tori I won't hold Claire back, now get off our school grounds\". ","Summary":" ~My Number One~ 'Beep, Beep…Beep, Beep… Beep, Beep' I sat up blinking the sleep out of my eyes. I l"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Saved with Love, Killed by Indifference","Author":"LeraCranberry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9909879","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm standing near the wall. My fingers are nervously squeezing tissue of jacket. My heart is breaking into pieces inside me. You rejected me, but I love you with all my heart. You exchanged me for someone who is not worthy of your single glance in his direction. I cannot hold back the tears, but only rain will see them. Raining in my heart turned into a downpour, but it will not wash away my emotions, not let me breathe freely. I'm crying and cannot cope with it; your words are pounding in my head. I wish I could touch you again, but you do not allow it. You keep distance, because you afraid of being disgraced. You just love me and I love you, what's wrong? Your parents will never understand you, but you... You should rise against and go your own way. My tears confirm how weak I am. I am weak without feeling you around, without the light and innocent touch of your hand. World is against us, against us all, and you let yourself throw me on the mercy of fate. Everyone hates me, only a single one person is still with me, but she does not understand me, do not share sympathy for you. You are my breath of fresh air in a crap poisoned world, the only thing that made me really strong. The realization that you rejected me hurts me. We are exposed; we would not be understood by society. I have no way out, but I will fight until the end. I am hawk, free bird, I am proud and exalted above all. You are mine and I am yours, but you allow yourself ignore me. You are lying to me, as if you do not noticing my pain. Shine of your beautiful eyes drives me crazy, it's eating my mind. We were together; we had a common destiny, common plans. We are so similar to each other, but you gave up, and I will continue to fight. I will do everything possible to bring you back to me. For me it's not a game, our feelings are not toys. I'm not heartless doll; I am vulnerable soul, thirsting for love and support. I had too much pain in my life, I went through all the circles of hell, and now I'm here, like all who had not received parent's love. No one will take you away from me. I will not surrender. My tears are the last drops in the cup that was full of unfinished love that had poured through the hole in the bottom. You are my only love, my taboo. You're everything for me, so why are you so cruel to me? I just cannot believe, I cannot believe that you left me. You're too cruel to me, but I can forgive this cruelty, I understand you. My thoughts of you suicidal, it's because I need you, and I cannot believe that you will not be me anymore. I love you, and you'll always be in my heart. You'll be in my heart forever. I need you, I love you. Don't leave me, I don't deserve it. I'm a fighter, but my strength is my weakness. I am strong in my weaknesses, and it's killing me. And I will fight for you. I just cannot believe you gave up. We are free to be lost and delirious. I love you, just love you. Why do you reject me? Don't hide from my love. I am ready to die for you, I'll give you everything I have. Honey, come back to me. My moaning will not drown out the beating of my heart. I don't remember how long I am here. You are in our room, and I believe that you don't sleep, just like me. This night has become detrimental to me. The stars are shining, but I am not noticing their beauty. I can quote great men, had a phenomenal memory, but now I cannot find a single word to describe my feelings. It hurts to lose someone you love with all your heart. And you, silly, don't you know who you lose. My tears will be the final point, but tomorrow it will be a comma again, because the story does not end there. I believe that this is not the end. I think it's not the end. You are cheerful and happy with your company, but there's no place for me in it. Everyone thinks that I am crazy girl with a perverted imagination, but it is not truth. You tried to justify yourself, that is why you allowed everyone to ridicule me, but I love you anyway. I'm telling you that I will return. I'll be back to prove that it is not all. I'm not saying goodbye to you. I don't believe it's over. I don't think that everything that happened between us is gone to nowhere. I hate being alone. A can't not be cocky and confident Polly anymore. I, just like you, has changed forever . ","Summary":" I'm standing near the wall. My fingers are nervously squeezing tissue of jacket. My heart is breaki"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Comment cela aurait dû finir","Author":"Rinku13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11676281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A.N : Hey ! J'ai vu récemment le film « Lost and delirious » (« Rebelles » en français), et la fin ne m'a pas plu du tout. Je ne spoile pas ici, mais ceux qui ont vu le film comprendront. J'ai donc voulu écrire ma propre fin, en espérant qu'elle vous plaira ! Je reprends à partir du moment où Pauline est sur le toit du pensionnat, à la toute fin. Bonne lecture, n'hésitez pas à reviewer ! ^^ Les instants s'écoulaient avec une lenteur infinie, tandis que Pauline se dressait, en haut du toit, son rapace sur l'épaule, impériale. En bas, la foule rassemblée ne pouvait y croire. Ce n'était pas possible, Pauline n'avait pas pu s'engager si loin dans la dépression, c'était trop horrible, c'était non. Victoria avait l'estomac retourné et le cœur au bord des lèvres, déchirée par un dilemme cornélien : devait-elle choisir sa famille, ou Pauline ? Au fond d'elle, elle sentait qu'elle n'aimerait plus jamais qui que ce soit comme elle avait aimé sa camarade de chambre. L'amour qu'elle lui portait était un poids écrasant. Quand elle était avec Jake, elle tentait de se persuader de son bonheur, mais quand il lui parlait, elle revoyait les sourires de Pauline. Quand il la touchait, c'étaient toutes ses nuits avec Pauline qui lui revenaient en tête et qui lui faisaient monter les larmes aux yeux. Comme elle avait dû être forte, ces derniers jours, pour ne pas hurler en voyant toute la douleur de son amante ! Elle avait eu l'impression qu'une lame chauffée à blanc la transperçait de toutes parts. Pauline, quant à elle, ne réfléchissait plus. En haut du toit, veillant à ne pas glisser, elle observait Victoria. Sa reine. Celle pour qui elle avait affronté le freluquet en duel, celle pour qui elle pouvait donner sa vie s'il le fallait. Sur son épaule, le rapace s'envola. Elle focalisa son regard sur Victoria et étendit les bras. Rester dans un monde où la seule personne qui l'ait jamais aimée se conduisait désormais avec indifférence et froideur lui déchirait le cœur. Même Marie, qui l'avait accompagnée tout au long de ces derniers jours, n'avait pas compris l'étendue de sa douleur. Victoria s'offrait à Jake. Sa vraie mère ne « désirait pas entrer en contact avec elle pour le moment ». Pauline ne pouvait vivre seule. Relevant le menton, maîtrisant fièrement ses larmes, elle regarda Victoria une dernière fois… - Pauline, je t'en prie, arrête, je t'aime ! Le cri avait transpercé l'air, aigu. Un cri du cœur. Dans la foule, en bas, Victoria ne pouvait croire qu'elle l'avait vraiment dit. Qu'elle avait montré son amour à Pauline et à tout le pensionnat. D'ailleurs, plus rien ne comptait hormis Pauline. Si celle-ci sautait, sa vie s'arrêterait en même temps que la sienne, elle le sentait. Elle ne serait plus qu'une coquille vide, la perte de son amante serait une mutilation. En haut, Pauline s'arrêta net, et parvint de justesse à reprendre son équilibre. Quelques cailloux tombèrent dans le vide. En voyant le sort qui l'attendait, elle déglutit et se mit à trembler. Ce cri avait brisé quelque chose en elle. Elle qui s'était vanté plus tôt d'avoir la rage au cœur, elle était soudain terrifié par ce qu'elle allait faire. Et surtout, il lui semblait qu'elle voyait un infime rayon de soleil à travers la noirceur dans laquelle elle s'était enfermée. Victoria l'aimait, Victoria l'avouait enfin, Victoria l'assumait. Elle ne pourrait plus jamais prendre cet air indifférent qui lui avait fait tant de peine, elle ne pourrait plus jamais la prendre maternellement dans ses bras pour lui expliquer qu'elle n'était qu'une amie alors qu'elle frémissait de désir pour elle. Pauline ne savait plus que faire. En bas, Victoria avait la gorge nouée. Derrière elle, des murmures des filles du pensionnat et de leurs familles s'élevaient. Une petite troupe se dépêcha de tirer les nappes des tables de banquet pour en faire un gigantesque drap et ils allèrent se placer en bas du pensionnat, étirant le drap, prêts à rattraper Pauline si celle-ci décidait de glisser ou de sauter. Tout le monde retenait son souffle. Alors, la directrice cria à son tour : - Pauline, il faut que tu nous écoutes ! Je connais des gens qui peuvent t'aider, des gens qui m'ont aidée aussi lorsque j'ai traversé les mêmes épreuves que toi ! Il n'est pas trop tard ! Mais Pauline ne semblait pas l'entendre. Marie essaya à son tour : - Il y a plein de gens qui t'aiment ! Victoria t'aime, je t'aime, la directrice t'aime, toutes les filles du pensionnat t'aiment, tu entends ? Tu n'as jamais été toute seule ! Sur le toit, Pauline sentit ce qui lui restait de détermination s'envoler. Tout ce qui lui restait à présent était une immense fatigue et une envie de pleurer à chaudes larmes. Pourquoi sa vie avait-elle basculé si rapidement ? Où était le temps des rires et des baisers avec Victoria ? Si celle-ci l'aimait, la vie ne valait-elle pas la peine d'être vécue ? Elle était lasse et voulait que tout s'arrête, d'une façon ou d'une autre. Soudain, la porte qui menait sur le toit s'ouvrit. Pauline tourna aussitôt la tête, tandis que des exclamations stupéfaites provenaient d'en bas. Le jardinier. Cet homme joufflu, d'apparence tranquille, était monté sur le toit et s'approchait à pas lents de Pauline, veillant à ne pas l'effrayer pour qu'elle ne glisse pas. Quand il fut parvenu auprès d'elle, il sourit, un sourire un peu laid qui dévoila ses dents jaunes, mais qui donna une chaleur à son regard. Puis, il lui tendit doucement la main, se contentant de lâcher de son habituel ton bourru : - Bon, et si tout était terminé, maintenant ? Il y a des gens qui attendent pour passer à table, en bas ! Pauline lui saisit la main et, tremblante, le laissa la reconduire jusqu'à la porte. Ils descendirent les escaliers, lentement, pour parvenir au rez-de-chaussée. Le jardinier ne parlait pas, se contentant de serrer sa main dans la sienne, dans un geste assez paternel. Pauline le comprenait. La parole ne devait pas être le fort de cet homme. Il avait passé sa vie seul, à s'occuper des jardins du pensionnat plus que des humains. De toute façon, elle n'avait pas envie de parler. Des tremblements nerveux l'agitaient, ainsi qu'une terrible appréhension de ce qui l'attendait dehors. Pour son comportement instable, on l'enfermerait dans un hôpital où on la soûlerait de médicaments, elle deviendrait un légume. Pourtant, elle sentait qu'une furieuse envie de vivre se démenait toujours en elle. La dépression n'avait pas pu tuer cela. Lorsqu'ils furent devant la porte centrale du pensionnat, prêts à rejoindre les autres dans le jardin, le jardinier posa sa main sur la poignée de la porte et se tourna vers elle : - Tu es prête ? Ils ne vont pas te laisser dormir tout de suite, tu sais, alors si tu préfères te reposer un peu d'abord, je peux arranger ça avec la directrice. Pauline fut tentée de dire oui, pour retarder au maximum la confrontation inévitable avec Victoria, avec le père de son amante. Cependant, elle refusa, et il ouvrit la porte pour la laisser sortir. Lorsqu'elle fut dehors, face à toute la foule qui l'observait sans rien oser dire, la première à reprendre ses esprits fut Victoria. Ignorant tout le monde, elle se rua vers elle et la serra dans ses bras, incapable de croire que son amante se tenait encore devant elle, vivante. Enfermée dans sa panique, elle avait cru la voir tomber, voir ses os se disloquer en heurtant le sol, et finalement, Pauline était là, contre elle, Pauline l'enlaçait avec une ardeur incroyable, agrippant ses ongles dans ses vêtements comme si elle avait peur d'être repoussée. Victoria les caressa les cheveux, tout en lui murmurant à l'oreille : - Tout est fini, Polly. Je t'aime et je t'assure que tu ne souffriras plus jamais tant que je serai avec toi. Pauline eut toutes les difficultés du monde à s'enquérir : - Mais…ta famille ? Comment vont-ils… ? Jake ? Ta mère ? - C'est du détail. Vraiment, je te jure. Mon père est trop sonné pour que l'on puisse en discuter pour l'instant, je me fiche de ce que dit ma sœur, et je dirai à mon frère de dire à Jake que je romps avec lui. Il n'y a jamais eu quelqu'un d'autre que toi, Polly ! Cette fois, c'en fut trop pour les nerfs tendus à l'extrême de Pauline. Ils se relâchèrent brusquement et elle s'effondra en sanglots dans les bras de son amante. Celle-ci la soutint avec douceur et la mena sous un des chapiteaux dressés pour la fête, afin de la faire asseoir sur un siège. Là, elle fut l'amante la plus douce au monde. Elle l'embrassa tendrement, goûtant ses lèvres roses comme elle avait toujours adoré le faire, caressant son corps, mêlant sa chaleur à la sienne dans une étreinte réconfortante et amoureuse. Puis, elle lui proposa de l'eau, de la brioche, un mouchoir, s'assura qu'elle ne manque de rien. Jamais encore elle ne s'était sentie si joyeuse. Les autres pensionnaires, voyant que le moment entre les deux jeunes femmes était intime, n'osèrent pas venir les déranger. Seule Marie eut le droit d'approcher, lorsque Victoria lui fit signe. Le jardinier, quant à lui, s'apprêtait à repartir lorsque la professeure de maths l'interpela : - Monsieur René ! Attendez ! Il la vit s'approcher de lui à grands pas pressés. Lorsqu'elle fut face à lui, elle souffla : - Comment diable avez-vous su ce qu'il fallait faire, alors que tout le monde était pétrifié ? Le jardinier détourna le regard, mal à l'aise. - Hum…ma femme s'est suicidée de la même façon, il y a huit ans. Je ne pouvais pas laisser cela se produire une deuxième fois. La professeure plaqua une main sur sa bouche, désolée. - Monsieur René, je suis…navrée. Toutes mes condoléances. - Ce n'est rien. Voyez-vous, je la revois dans les fleurs. Elle adorait s'occuper des rosiers. Quand je m'en occupe, au printemps, je la revois, penchée avec moi dans les massifs de fleurs, souriante, et j'arrive à me focaliser sur les moments heureux. La professeure sembla hésiter, puis demanda : - Cela vous plairait-il que nous plantions des rosiers sur l'allée centrale ? Certes, vous auriez plus de travail, mais si vous appréciez les rosiers… - Eh bien, madame, j'aimerais beaucoup. - J'en parlerai à la directrice. Après ce sauvetage d'une de nos élèves, je pense que nous ne pourrons rien vous refuser. . Au même moment, la directrice avait interpelé le père de Victoria. Celui-ci, maintenant remis de ses émotions, manifestait ouvertement sa colère : - Je refuse que ma fille fréquente cette fille instable ! Je le refuse ! Qu'on la change de chambre, vous entendez ? Ou c'est moi qui la change d'école ! - Monsieur, Pauline traverse une mauvaise passe, comme cela arrive à beaucoup d'entre nous. Avec une aide psychologique, elle se remettra très vite. Votre fille et elle s'aiment, vous ne pouvez le nier, alors…pourquoi ne pas écouter votre fille ? Pourquoi ne pas en discuter directement avec elle ? - Parce que ! Ma fille épousera un homme, un banquier ou un marchand d'arts, comme cela s'est toujours fait dans notre famille. Tout son destin est tracé ! Elle habitera à York, remplira son devoir d'épouse et perpétuera le nom de notre famille ! - Hum, je ne voudrais pas me mêler de ce qui ne me regarde pas, mais…que faites-vous de son bonheur à elle ? Le nom de votre famille est-il plus important que la vie de votre enfant ? - Mais elle sera heureuse ! Toute cette histoire…c'est à force de ne côtoyer que des filles. Je vais la mettre dans une école mixte. Là, elle verra comment les filles vont avec les garçons, et elle oubliera l'autre demoiselle instable ! - Y croyez-vous réellement ? Le père s'apprêtait à répondre, mais la directrice lui lança un regard, comme si elle exigeait à un élève de dire la bonne réponse. Alors, les épaules du père s'affaissèrent, il soupira et s'épongea le front d'un air las : - Mais écoutez, comment voulez-vous que je fasse ? J'aime ma fille, énormément, mais…nous ne pouvons pas avoir une lesbienne dans la famille. Les gens jaseraient. Ce n'est pas convenable, elle est…déviante. Et après tout, elle est jeune ! Cela lui passera. C'est cette fille instable qui lui a monté la tête. - Si vous en parliez avec elle ? Elle doit avoir des choses à vous dire, elle aussi. Cela vous fait-il peur ? Il soupira. - Eh bien, oui. Oui, j'ai peur d'entendre ce qu'elle a à me dire. Ma femme et moi sommes conservateurs, nous avons toujours essayé d'inculquer nos valeurs à nos enfants, et aujourd'hui…l'un après l'autre, ils nous échappent, ils s'envolent, et…cela me fait peur. Parce que s'ils refusent de suivre notre exemple, s'ils échappent à notre contrôle…c'est la fin de notre famille ! Chacun fera ce qui lui plait et notre famille perdra de son prestige ! - Je pense que vous dramatisez. Vous avez déjà réussi à éduquer vos enfants, vous le verriez si vous les regardiez un peu plus. Maintenant, pourquoi ne pas essayer de les regarder tels qu'ils sont, plutôt que tels que vous voudriez qu'ils soient ? Le père n'eut rien à répondre, et la directrice eut le sentiment qu'il commençait enfin à réfléchir autrement que par les principes. - Alors ? le pressa-t-elle. - Alors je vais parler à ma fille, et nous verrons. Et avec l'air d'un condamné avant l'échafaud, il se dirigea vers le chapiteau où les deux jeunes femmes s'embrassaient encore à loisir. Lorsque Victoria vit arriver son père, la mine grave, elle ne put retenir un mouvement de recul. Cependant, Pauline lui prit fermement la main et la força à la regarder pour lui déclarer : - Quoi qu'il te dise, tu n'es pas seule non plus, d'accord ? Tu es avec moi, et il est trop tard pour faire marche arrière. Nous sommes au XXIe siècle, merde, et on vivra comme on le voudra ! Victoria eut un petit sourire nerveux, et hocha la tête. - Je t'aime, je ne te quitte plus, ne t'en fais pas. Et Victoria marcha à la rencontre de son père. Lorsqu'ils furent face à face, d'abord, un long silence gênant s'installa. Le père n'avait aucune idée de la façon dont il devait parler. Cela faisait tellement longtemps qu'il n'avait pas parlé directement et sincèrement à sa fille, qu'il n'était plus certain d'y parvenir. Avec ses silences, elle s'était éloignée de lui, s'était construite une vie dont il ne savait rien. - Hum, Victoria, fit-il maladroitement. Belle journée, non ? Sa fille le regarda sans oser parler. Il l'encouragea en tentant de prendre un ton badin : - Il…il fait beau, non ? Comment ça va ? Victoria comprit que son père n'oserait jamais aborder le sujet qui lui tenait à cœur, et se résolut à parler la première : - Papa, j'aime Pauline. Depuis plusieurs années, maintenant. - Tu n'en as jamais parlé ?! - Je…je ne savais pas comment…avec maman et toi… Elle se sentit rougir, ce qui l'agaça, et se força à se reprendre. Aujourd'hui, elle devait être courageuse et convaincante. - Alisson le sait, elle nous a surprises. Et de toute façon, papa, je ne compte plus me cacher. Je veux pouvoir aimer librement Pauline, même si cela ne vous plait pas. - Ah ! Son père semblait incapable de parler. Elle poursuivit, plus douce : - Mais papa, je ne tourne pas le dos à maman et à toi. Je sais que vous vous donnez énormément de mal pour nous éduquer, pour nous donner une vie confortable. Je ne rejette pas tout cela en bloc, je te demande simplement de me laisser vivre avec celle que j'aime. Je me doute que tu as déjà pensé à me changer de pensionnat. Je sais que maman t'approuvera sûrement. Mais j'ai besoin de vivre ici, ce pensionnat est ma maison, et je veux vivre avec Pauline. - Tu es sûre que…que ce n'est pas une phase ? - J'en suis sûre ! Le père paraissait complètement déboussolé. Il s'épongea de nouveau le front, l'air hagard, et soupira : - Eh bien…eh bien…euh…je…tu es sûre que tu seras heureuse ? C'est…c'est une fille, quand même, elle ne t'apportera pas les mêmes choses qu'un garçon, si ? - Elle m'apporte exactement ce dont j'ai besoin, je te le promets. - Alors…les voisins jaseront forcément, ta mère va hurler, mais…mais je vais m'occuper d'elle. Elle en reviendra. Si cette instable te plait vraiment… Cela faisait des années que Victoria n'avait pas eu envie de se jeter au cou de son père. Il fut donc déboussolé lorsqu'il se retrouva pressé contre elle, se rendant compte au passage qu'elle avait grandi. Puis, Victoria courut retrouver Pauline et l'embrassa à pleine bouche, se sentant plus heureuse que jamais, comme si un immense poids lui avait été retiré. Tout était bien. ","Summary":" A.N : Hey ! J'ai vu récemment le film « Lost and delirious » (« Rebelles » en français), et la fin "},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"I Love Her","Author":"Orange Bulldog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3423649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimers: I don'trnown any of these characters. If you have issues with people of thernsame sex loving each other, or live someplace where that's illegalrn(in which case, consider moving) please move on. The falcon landed onrnPaulie's arm, briefly, surveying the area. ","Summary":" Disclaimers: I don'trnown any of these characters. If you have issues with people of thernsame sex "},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"When Paulie met Tori","Author":"Harley Q. Marie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12007979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the first day of school at the all-girls boarding school where Pauline's adoptive mother was shipping her off to. Pauline would've been going to the private school that was closer to her home, but over the summer she found out that she was adopted and began to act out. She started to not listen and disrespect her \"mother\" because she knew that no matter what she did she would never be her real mother which meant that she had no motherly authority over her. The last argument that Pauline and her adoptive mother had before the ultimate decision to send her away resulted in Pauline referring to her adoptive mother as a \"lying whore\" and the whole dining room set scattered around the kitchen. Pauline felt as though her whole life was a lie. She didn't know who she was anymore and now she was in the back of a car hoping that she wouldn't hate the place as much as she thought she would. On the bright side she knew that any place away from Mrs. Oster would suit her just fine. ","Summary":" It was the first day of school at the all-girls boarding school where Pauline's adoptive mother was"},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Broken Wings","Author":"Kurrent","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4994947","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author'snNote: This story is my labor of love for the stunning movie \"Lost andnDelirious.\" I've been surprised at the number of people whondescribe the movie as a sad movie, simply because of what they assumenhappens after the end of the film. The movie itself is one of thenrare films that I think accurately captures what love is about, innall its glory, confusion, pain, anger, and joy. But how we view thenending depends mainly on what we want to see in it. I choose to see more of a happy ending. It's not anneat, tidy happy ending, because that's not what the movie is about. nBut it's also not necessarily a tragedy, either. If you want to seenmy interpretation of the ending and what happens afterward, pleasencontinue. Oh, but you should be aware that this story is rated M forna reason. Well, a few reasons. Blame Paulie and her dirty mouth. nShe's using to being blamed for fun stuff. Herenare my standard disclaimers :n I make no claims on any \"Lost and Delirious\" trademarks orncopyrights and no claims upon the characters of that movie; noninfringement is intended. Be forewarned that this story mostncertainly will contain femslash. If that surprises you, younobviously haven't seen the movie. If love and affection between twonconsenting young adults of the same sex bothers you, I suggest younturn right around and find something else to read. Keep any flamesnto yourself and remember that what our world needs now is more lovenand acceptance, not more hate. Reviews are always welcomed andnappreciated! BrokennWings bynJo P. MaybenI was stupid for telling you goodbye MaybenI was wrong for trying to pick a fight Inknow that I've got issues, but you're pretty messed up too Eithernway I found out I'm nothing without you 'Causenwe belong together now (yeah) Forevernunited here somehow (yeah) Youngot a piece of me, and honestly Mynlife would suck without you --Kelly Clarkson; \"MynLife Would Suck Without You\" \"PAULIE!!!\" The scream echoed acrossnthe grounds of Perkins School, reverberating between the stonenbuildings that comprised the dormitories and classrooms for thengirls' boarding school. As scores of students and faculty membersnwatched from the ground below, a senior named Pauline Oster closednher eyes, lifted her face to the sky and fell forward off the roof ofnone of the buildings. Paulie had taken thentitle of \"Paulie the Raptor,\" and it was no ostentatious claim. nLike the fierce hunting bird that perched on her arm as she stoodnatop the building, she was wild, beautiful and dangerous, wounded butnstill possessed of a spirit so powerful that nothing could entirelynsuppress it. However, only one of them had healed enough to fly. As the horrified audiencenwatched the falcon Paulie had nursed back to health take to the skynand soar away, young Paulie Oster, proud and defiant to the last,nplummeted over three stories to what she knew would be her death. nVictoria Moller, Paulie's secret lover and roommate, found herselfnrooted to the ground, unable to run, unable to watch the girl shenstill loved fall to her death, unable to do anything but think thensame phrase over and over in her mind: This is my fault. This isnmy fault. This is MY FAULT! As the sound of impactnbroke the grim spell of the falcon's flight upon the crowd, a lonenfigure raced forward to the spot where Paulie had fallen. MarynBedford, a freshman who was Paulie's and Tori's roommate and friend,npumped her legs as hard as she could in an attempt to reach herngrief-stricken friend's body. Over the last few days, Mary had seennPaulie in tremendous anguish as she tried to regain Tori's love everynway she knew how. But what Mary Bedford saw now made her heart skipna beat as she pushed her way through the hedges and shrubs along thenbuilding's walls. Placed between the hedges and the stone walls ofnthe building was a gardening cart, loaded with dirt and mulch, andnsprawled in the middle of the cart's now-scattered cargo was Paulie. Mary B. stared at hernfriend's body, taking in the surreal sight. Is she dead? Her armnshouldn't bend that way. Oh my God, her leg... Oh, Paulie, youndidn't deserve this, not all this pain and suffering, this hell thatnyou've been through these last few days. Mary Brave gathered herncourage and stepped forward, moving her friend's hair out of her facenin a gesture that she knew was too little, too late. But as hernfingers touched Paulie's face, a soft groan came from beneath thatnhair, sparking a glimmer of hope inside Mary's heart. \"Paulie?\" Marynwhispered. \"Paulie?\" she asked again, her voice a bit loudernthis time. When she saw her friend's chest rise in a shallow breath,nshe lifted her hands to her face, covering her mouth as she nearlynlaughed for the first time in days. \"She's alive!\" Mary screamednas loud as her voice would go. \"But she needs an ambulance!\" As the school'snheadmistress Fay Vaughn came forward, Mary turned and said, \"Shenlanded on a cart full of dirt and mulch. It must have given hernenough of a soft landing to save her life. But she's got—\" Marynfelt her voice fail her as she took another look at her roommate, onenof two girls who had taken her in and accepted her not for the timidngirl others thought she was, but for the brave young woman she couldnbecome. \"She's got a really badly broken leg, and maybe a brokennarm too,\" Mary said, as much to herself as to anyone else. The sound of someonenbreaking into tears beside her drew Mary's attention away fromnPaulie's unconscious form. Tori began to climb up onto the cart,nonly to be stopped by a surprisingly strong grip on her left arm. n\"Let me go, Mary!\" she sobbed, jerking against Mary's grip as shenstared into the hard eyes facing her. Mary continued to holdnTori back until she said, \"Are you going to hurt her again, Tori? nBecause even as strong as she is, her heart can't take any morenbullshit from you.\" Tears ran down Tori'snface and ran into the corners of her mouth. She turned to look atnthe body of the young woman she loved, the young woman she wouldnalways love, and her heart finally shattered like delicate glassnhurled against a stone wall. \"No,\" she said through her tears asnshe shook her head fiercely. \"I won't hurt her again, I swear tonGod.\" \"Good.\" Marynreleased her grip on Tori's arm, and the tall auburn-haired girlnclambered into the cart. She knelt in the dirt beside the stillnfigure of her lover and carefully placed her left hand on Paulie'snchest, directly over her heart. \"Please, Paulie, pleasenforgive me,\" Tori whispered, over and over. She was repeatingnthose words when the ambulance arrived, and she continued to whispernthem as the paramedics worked on Paulie. She only stopped when Marynhad to move her so that Paulie could be secured to a backboard andnmoved to the ambulance. \"I'm going with her,\"nTori said as Paulie was gently placed in the back of the ambulance. \"No,\" said Mary,nmaking Tori turn to look at her. \"What makes you think you deserve to ride in that ambulance with her?\" she asked, and the venom innher normally quiet voice made Tori instinctively draw back. All thisnanger had pooled in Mary for days, and now it began to pour forth,ngrowing from a trickle to a rushing current. \"She loved you, Tori,nand you broke her heart,\" Mary continued. \"You broke her FUCKINGnHEART!\" she said, jabbing Tori in the chest with her index finger,n\"when all she wanted was for you to love her back like you usednto.\" Tori nodded as the tearsncontinued to fall. \"I know, and that's why I have to be there withnher. In case she wakes up. So I can tell her how stupid andnchildish I was. So I can tell her I was wrong.\" Mary held Tori's gaze fornlong seconds. \"Fine,\" she finally said. \"But I don't know ifnyou can ever make it up to her, Tori.\" \"I have to try,\" Torinsaid as she stepped up into the ambulance. \"Even if it takes thenrest of my life.\" On the unnerving ride tonSt. Joseph Hospital, Tori felt like she was being swept away by herncascading thoughts, surging through her mind like angry river rapids. How can I go back there now? They're all going to know. Thenwhole school will know by the next day. And my parents, oh God! \"Tori...\" The voicenwas surprisingly weak, almost pleading in its tone. It was so unlikenPaulie's normal voice that hearing it instantly made the thoughtsnchurning inside Tori's head unimportant. \"I'm here, Paulie,\"nTori said, leaning forward to place a kiss on the cheek of the womannshe loved. At the sound of Tori'snvoice, Paulie's eyes hesitantly blinked open. It took a few secondsnfor them to focus on the tall girl with auburn hair, but finally theyndid. A smile drew across Paulie's face. \"I won you...\" shenwhispered before her eyes closed again and unconsciousness claimednher once more. \"What are you talkingnabout?\" asked Tori, but no answers were forthcoming. She looked atnthe paramedic riding with them and frantically asked, \"Is shenokay?\" The paramedic looked upnfrom the heart monitor she was watching and nodded her head. \"She'snjust sleeping right now. I gave her some morphine for the pain.\" Tori wiped her eyes withnthe back of her hands. \"Okay, thanks,\" she said, sparing anpolite smile for the paramedic. \"But don't give her anynpenicillin, because she's really allergic. She almost died when shenwas five from a reaction to it.\" The paramedic wrote thatninformation down on a chart attached to a clipboard. \"Does shenhave any other allergies or medical conditions that you know about?\" Tori looked back down atnPaulie and shuddered at how fragile her best friend looked, lyingnthere strapped to a bright orange backboard, her left arm immobilizednin an inflatable cast and lashed down at her side. The right leg ofnher pants had been cut away, revealing a bloody wound in her lowernleg from which the jagged end of a bone could be seen, jutting forthnjust enough to make Tori's stomach turn. You have to keep itntogether, Tori. For Paulie. She reached out andngently ran her fingers over Paulie's face, tracing the delicate linesnshe knew so well. \"She doesn't have any other allergies. Shensometimes smokes, but it's more like an occasional thing than anhabit. She goes a week or two without any and never has anynproblems. We smoke some pot sometimes, too, but nothing for the lastnthree weeks.\" She felt a tear trickle down her right cheek as shenspoke. \"She sometimes has bad dreams, and they won't stop untilnshe gets...\" Tori couldn't look at the paramedic, but she forcednherself to continue. \"Until she gets into bed with me. Then theynstop. She sometimes gets stuff in her mind, and nobody can get hernto stop until she's done what she wanted.\" The voice of the oldernwoman was carefully nuanced as she softly asked, \"Did she try tonkill herself today?\" Tears poured forth asnTori turned those words over and over in her head. Her mouthnwouldn't open, and it was all she could do to breathe as she fumblednfor Paulie's hand. Finally she grasped it, being careful not to movenor twist her arm, and from that contact she drew enough strength tonwhisper, \"Yes.\" She suddenly jerked her head up to look into thenparamedic's eyes, yelling, \"It's all my fault! All of it! Shenloved me, and I loved her, but I still treated her like trash becausenI was afraid! I was AFRAID ! About what the girls at schoolnwould say, about what my bratty little sister would do, about mynparents going nuts if they found out!\" She leaned her head downnonto the cold steel railing of the stretcher, sobbing as the wordsnspilled forth. \"She tried to tell me how much she loved me, shenreally did. She tried to win me back, she recited poetry for me, shendeclared her love for me in the library in the most insane way, butnit was just her . It was so her. And you know, shentold me she loved me more with just a look than Jake did by fuckingnme!\" Sobs overcame her for anmoment, and it took all her willpower to regain control from herngrief. \"Paulie wasn't afraid. She was never afraid. Not until Inmade her face a future without me beside her. Even then she didn'tngive up. She tried everything to win me back, and I just threw itnback in her face. I had been her friend, her support for the lastnfour years, and I just threw her out. I was the one who nearlynkilled her!\" Tori looked up at Paulie's pale face, still andnunmoving save for shallow breaths. \"It should have been me up onnthat roof,\" she said grimly. \"Whether it would have been makingnout with her or jumping with her, I should have been there.\" \"Hey,\" said the oldernwoman as she gently laid a hand on Tori's back. \"This is not thentime for you to tear yourself to pieces. Right now she needs you tonbe here with her, I think. What's important is that both of you arenstill alive, and you have another chance.\" Tori looked at the woman.n She hadn't even registered what she looked like, but now Tori couldnsee that she had kind eyes. \"Thank you,\" she said in a voicenjust above a whisper. \"Thank you for taking care of her. She'snthe most important thing in my life. I see that now.\" \"Then remember thatnwhen she wakes up,\" the older woman said. \"I will. I swear.\" I hope . The next few hours were anblur, filled with faces and images that Tori couldn't keep straight. nThe whole day had seemingly vanished in her mind, as every attempt tontrace back a memory led to the same gut-wrenching sight, a slightnfigure, face held defiantly to the heavens as she tried to leavenbehind the sty that her world had become. Finally sleep took her,ngranting her a rest that was still haunted by the sound of Paulienreciting her favorite verse of poetry, followed by the sound of hernsmall body impacting on the dirt and mulch that cushioned her fallnjust enough to preserve her life. \"Victoria.\" The frail-sounding voicencut through Tori's anguished dreams, bringing her back to alertness. n\"Uh... Ms. Vaughn?\" she asked numbly, looking up at the school'snheadmistress. \"They're bringingnPauline back from surgery. I thought you'd want to be in the roomnwhen she arrived.\" Though Ms. Vaughn looked like she was about tonfall apart any second, her form held a surprising strength of will. n\"Mary is on her way back up from the cafeteria. She thought younmight be hungry.\" Tori looked down andnrealized she still had on her soccer uniform and cleats. \"I neednto get some clothes sometime tonight.\" \"Mary already broughtnyou some,\" Ms. Vaughn said. \"Both for you and for Pauline.\" nShe stopped outside a room, its cavernous door standing open,nrevealing its emptiness. \"Victoria...\" There was a pause, thennthe headmistress continued. \"I know about you and Pauline. Thatnmuch is obvious. But I have to ask you...\" \"She's just a friend,\"nTori answered. Seeing the confusion on Ms. Vaughn's face, shenclarified, \"Mary Brave is just a friend to us. An honest, caringnfriend. But yes, Paulie and I love each other.\" She felt her bodynshiver as she spoke those words out loud. All the times she had toldnPaulie that she loved her, the words had spilled forth without anynhesitation or awkwardness. But saying them out loud to someonenelse... Well, that had proved to be much, much harder. Ms. Vaughn's facenreturned to its usual pleasant smile. \"Yes, well, I expect therenwill be some people who won't be quite so happy about thatndevelopment,\" she said. \"Understatement of thenyear,\" Tori said under her breath. Suddenly she spun to face thenolder woman. \"My parents left, didn't they?\" \"Yes,\" Ms. Vaughnnsaid, her face concerned at what she knew Tori must have been feelingninside, the feeling of being torn between two worlds. She knewnsomething about that herself, after all. She walked over next to hernstudent and gently laid a hand on her shoulder. \"Victoria...\" nShe stopped, then said, \"Tori. It's not my place to tell you whatnto do with your life. However, sometimes life forces us to makenpainful decisions. And sometimes those decisions hurt others badly.\" \"That's just thenproblem,\" Tori said, \"No matter what I choose, someone I carenabout is going to get hurt badly.\" There was a long pausenbefore Ms. Vaughn quietly said, \"Then in those situations, younsimply have to ask yourself which decision you can live with andnwhich one you can't.\" Tori looked up and sawnMary leaning against the corner, listening quietly. \"Here Tori,\"nMary said with her unassuming voice as she handed her roommate a boxnfrom the cafeteria. \"I got you a salad and some fries. I hopenthat's okay.\" Tori gave the freshman ansmile. \"Yeah, that's fine, Mary. Thanks.\" She opened the boxnand began eating the French fries. \"You doing okay?\" she askednher other roommate. \"That depends,\" saidnthe small blonde girl. \"Um, Ms. Vaughn?\" she said hesitantly. \"Yes, Mary?\" \"Would you mind to, um,nstep out please? Just for a minute, so Tori and I can talknprivately?\" Mary looked as if uttering those words had caused hernphysical pain, but the headmistress simply smiled and stood. \"I'll be outside. nHopefully Pauline will be back here soon.\" She walked out of thenroom, closing the door behind her. \"What's on your mind,nMary B?\" Tori asked as she opened the bottled water that Mary hadnbrought to her. Mary sat down quickly innthe seat vacated by Ms. Vaughn, turning it so that she was facingnTori. \"Tori, I'm still... adjusting, I guess, to how you andnPaulie feel about each other. Or at least I thought you feltnabout her like she feels about you.\" \"I do, Mary, I swearnit, it's just—\" \"No!\" Mary saidnangrily, slashing her hand through the air in front of her. \"It'snnot 'just' anything! She LOVES you, Tori! She loves you so muchnthat when you pushed her away, it broke her inside! And shentried everything to win you back, and you just...\" Shenlooked directly into the taller girl's eyes and said flatly, \"Andnyou just told her that she wasn't worth it.\" \"That is not what I did, Mary, I swear!\" \"Save it, Tori. Thatnis exactly what you did. You did like everyone else innPaulie's life and just pushed her away, because she wasn't worth itnto you.\" \"Mary, this are mynparents we're talking about here! My sister, and my brother! Incan't just let them disown me, because I love them too!\" Mary's eyes were normallyncurious, inquisitive, but now they were nothing short of icy. \"Atnleast you have parents,\" she said coldly. \"And a sister, and anbrother. What does Paulie have?\" When Tori didn't answer, Marynasked again, louder. \"What does Paulie have, Tori? WHO does shenhave?\" \"She has me!\" Torincried out as she broke down into tears, burying her face in hernhands. \"She has me...\" \"She had you,nuntil you dropped her for that stupid boy up the hill. Then she hadnnobody.\" Mary paused to look out the window. \"She had nothingnleft. Nothing in this world keeping her here.\" After long moments ofnpainful sobs, Tori finally spoke with a cracking voice. \"I madenher jump, didn't I?\" she asked softly. Mary looked down at hernroommate bent over in her seat, and she could only imagine the painnand guilt that Tori had to be feeling at that moment. But thingsncould still get worse. There was no guarantee that Paulie would evennsurvive the surgery, much less make a full recovery. \"You didn'tnmake her jump, Tori. That was Paulie's decision. But you surencarried her up to the roof.\" The sound of the doornopening interrupted the painful conversation. Squeaking wheelsnheralded Paulie's arrival. \"Oh, Paulie...\" said Tori sadly asnshe got a good look at the bruised face of her lover. Pink castsnenclosed Paulie's left forearm and right lower leg; her head wasnswollen slightly from the contusions suffered in the fall, and twondrains could be seen attached to the bed, one a soft, round bag, thenother a large plastic box with bloody fluid in it. Tori turned tonlook at the nurses who had just brought Paulie into the room. \"Whennwill she wake up?\" she asked anxiously. \"We don't know,\" onenof the nurses, a younger woman not much older than Paulie and Tori,nsaid gently. \"I mean, like a fewnhours, maybe? Or are we talking later on tonight?\" asked Tori. The nurse stepped forwardnand gently took Tori's hand in her own. \"No, ma'am, I mean, wendon't know if she's going to wake up.\" As Tori grasped what thennurse was saying, she suddenly felt as if all the strength in hernbody had abruptly fled. Heavily she fell back into the chair she hadnbeen sitting in. Paulie could still die from this. Because Inbroke her heart. Because I dumped her for some boy who just wanted anquick fuck in the woods. Tears stung Tori's eyes, but thesentears were different than those she had been crying for the last fournhours, bitter and biting as they streamed forth now. The highnpoint of my relationship with Jake was making a big fool of myselfnwhile he felt me up at my brother's birthday party, part of menshowing off how straight I was. How goddamn normal I was. She looked over to Paulie's still face and tried unsuccessfully notnto shudder. But with Paulie there was no high point or low point,nbecause every minute we spent together was as amazing as everythingnelse. Every second was wonderful, fun, exciting, alive. How could Inhave turned my back on that? \"Hey,\" said a weaknvoice, causing Tori and Mary to both jerk their heads up. As Tori saw the hauntedndark eyes of Paulie looking at her, she shot forward and hugged hernone true love, a bit too forcefully. \"Ow, Tori! I think Inbroke my fucking chest or something, you know?\" Paulie said, herntypical caustic humor seemingly back in full force. \"You broke more thannthat,\" Tori said as she she kissed Paulie carefully on the lips. n\"You almost died, P.\" Paulie glanced away fromnTori's red eyes. \"Yeah, about that...\" She suddenly looked overnto Mary. \"Did he fly away?\" she asked. It took Mary a fewnseconds to follow Paulie's dramatic shift in thinking. \"Yes,\"nshe finally said, blinking in confusion. \"He flew away. It wasnbeautiful.\" \"Paulie, don't try tonchange the subject,\" Tori said, her voice laced with irritation. n\"You tried to fucking kill yourself!\" \"Not sure how I screwednup,\" Paulie said matter-of-factly. \"That should have been plentynenough distance to do it.\" \"Damn it, Paulie, thisnis not some joke!\" said Tori hotly. Paulie lifted her headnup, stopping Tori's next words before they left her mouth. \"Do Inlook like I'm laughing, Tor?\" she asked seriously. After holdingnTori's gaze for long, awkward seconds she said, \"Loving you wasnnever anything but serious for me, Tor. It was the only thing in mynwhole life I ever took seriously.\" Tori ran her fingertipsnacross Paulie's face tenderly, smiling slightly at the look ofnhappiness on her girlfriend's face. \"Do you still love me, P?\"nshe asked in a near-whisper, hoping that somehow she still had anchance to make things right. The expression onnPaulie's face was unreadable, then she said, \"The fuck kindanquestion is that? Hell yes, I still love you!\" Paulie used herngood hand to grab Tori's burgundy soccer jersey and pull her facendown until their noses were nearly touching. \"When I realized thatnyou really weren't coming back to me, there wasn't one fucking thingnon this shithole of a world left that was worth me staying for.\" nShe let Tori go, and reflexively the auburn-haired girl sat back upnslightly. Paulie turned her head, looking away from Tori and out thenwindow. \"I didn't jump to try and scare you into coming back tonme, Tori. I jumped because this world that we live in had become toonpainful, and I couldn't go another day seeing you and knowing thatnyou weren't coming back to me. Not after feeling what we hadntogether, even if you won't admit it.\" \"You didn't put thengardening cart down there?\" Tori asked. \"Is that what I fellnon? And it still didn't kill me?\" Tori shook her head, butna different voice spoke up. \"The cart was full ofndirt and mulch,\" Mary said. \"It broke your fall enough to savenyour life.\" \"Mary Brave!\" Pauliensaid happily. \"Knew you'd be here, new girl.\" Mary smiled as Tori said,n\"P, don't call her that. She's not new anymore.\" Paulie regarded Marynclosely, then she said, \"No, she's not. She's bloodied now. She'snbeen there and she hasn't run away screaming like a little girl ,\"nemphasizing the last two words sarcastically as she looked at thenfourteen-year-old who had done a tremendous amount of growing up overnthe last four months. \"Thanks, Bedford. For being there.\" \"You should knownsomething, Paulie,\" Mary said, stepping closer to the bed. \"Rightnwhen all this... stuff... started between the two of you, Tori askednme to do something for her.\" \"Mary, you don't—\" \"She needs to knownthis, Tori,\" Mary said quickly. \"She does.\" She looked downnat Paulie, who was intently listening. \"Tori said that the mostnimportant thing that I had to do when... when all this started, wasnto be there for you. To help take care you, and to help you getnthrough this. She said that you were going to need someone and thatnshe couldn't do it anymore, not after she had hurt you so badly.\" As Mary spoke, tearsnbegan to form in Paulie's eyes. She looked up at Tori. \"Younreally said that?\" Tori nodded. \"Even knowing you were going tonbreak my heart, you still tried to have someone be there for me?\" nAnother nod. \"That's fucked up, Tor,\" she said with as wry angrin as she could manage give the swelling around her face. Now Tori smiled. \"That'snmy P,\" she said as she leaned down to give Paulie a kiss, only tonfind herself stopped by Paulie's hand in her way. \"Tor,\" she said, hernvoice suddenly different. It was fragile, hesitant, almost childish.n \"I love you, Victoria. I love you with everything I have. I'dnfight for you, I'd lie for you, I'd kill for you... and I'd die fornyou.\" Paulie swallowed, and when she spoke again her voice hadnregained much of its steel. \"But I can't do this if you're stillngoing to flip out on me and run off with some asshole boy the nextntime your bratty little sister pops her nosy fucking head into ournroom, or the next time your dad looks at me like I just pissed on hisnshoes.\" She looked hard into Tori's eyes as she said, \"I lovenyou.\" \"And I love you, P, younknow that—\" \"Not good enough, Tor. nI need to know that you're going to stand with me, that the next timenthis comes up that you're not going to lie and try to come up withnsome bullshit excuse to avoid admitting that you're in love with me.\"n She paused before she asked, \"Can you do that, Tori? Can you findnthe courage to admit you're in love with me, to anyone who asks?\" Tori's eyes danced acrossnPaulie's face. She was terrified of what her parents would say, whatnthey'd do , what her sister would run and tell all her friends,nwhat would be whispered about them through the entire school, whatncruel jokes would be played on them before they finally graduated andnleft this place... But as her mind raced through all those possiblendisasters, all she could focus on was how lonely Paulie had looked,nstanding up there on that roof, calmly accepting death over a lifenwithout the woman she loved. And she was ashamed that she was sonfrightened of her parents that she had rejected Paulie's honest,nheartfelt love that she had freely offered to her unconditionally. That's what this comesndown to , Tori finally realized. Fear versus love. Which was thenmore powerful force in her life? I've spent so long hating mynmummy and daddy, but I've been too afraid to say anything to them. nI've been too scared to stand up for myself, and they still treat menlike shit because of it. \"You deserve more thannbitchy comments about your face, which is more beautiful thannanything else I have ever seen,\" Paulie said softly. \"Youndeserve more than just being molded into what your mother wishes shencould have been. You deserve more than being taken for granted andnjust coming back for more.\" \"I'm scared,\" Torinsaid, screwing her eyes shut to try and hold back the tears. \"I'mnjust so scared of what they'll say, what they'll do.\" There was a pause beforenPaulie's voice said, \"Tori?\" When Tori didn't answer, she tried,n\"Victoria?\" As Tori opened her eyes and let the tears spillnforth as she looked into Paulie's loving eyes, Paulie solemnly said,n\"Stop being scared, Tori. And start being brave.\" \"But what if theyndisown me? What if they kick me out, and they say they never want tonsee me again?\" Paulie thought for a fewnseconds, then she said, \"Well, we can spend what we would've spentnon their Christmas presents on ourselves instead.\" Tori tried not to laugh,nbut one still slipped out despite the tears. \"You're crazy,\" shensaid, but now the frustration was gone from her voice. \"Well, duh,\" repliednPaulie. \"I thought you knew that about me a long time ago.\" Tori carefully reachedndown and took Paulie's good right hand as she gathered her thoughts. n\"Before I ever met you, I was miserable for most of my life. Allnthe attention growing up went to either Tom, because he was thenoldest and the boy, or to Ali, because she was the baby. My mummyndecided that I was going to be her little perfect society girl,nbecause she said good manners would be the only way I could get annice husband since I wasn't as pretty as Ali.\" Paulie ground hernteeth at that comment, but she managed to not interrupt what wasnobviously a painful speech for her girlfriend. \"So after I turnednten, I got sent to my first boarding school. It worked out prettyngood for them; that way they only had to put up with me for a fewnweeks during the summer.\" When Tori paused, Pauliensaid, \"Tori, you know you're beautiful, don't you? No matter whatnyour bitch of a mom tells you, you're one of the most beautifulnpeople I've ever seen.\" Tori looked at Paulie andnsaid, \"You're the only person who's ever told me that and made menbelieve it, P.\" As the two girls looked at each other, both pairsnof eyes softened for the first time in two weeks, letting the lovendeep within each of them shine forth. Tori continued, \"And I nevernknew what being happy was until I came here when I was fourteen andnmet you. Today I had to think about what my life would be likenwithout you, P. Not just play around and try not to think about itnlike I'd been doing these last few days, but really think about you not being in my life in any way.\" Tori's voice becamennearly a whisper as she said, \"And it scared me more than mynparents scare me.\" Paulie reached up andncupped her hand around Tori's cheek, wiping a tear away with hernthumb as Tori continued to speak. \"P, I meant it when I said thatnI would never love anyone like I love you. You make me feel happy,nyou make me feel safe, you make me feel beautiful. You make me feelnalive, when I was dead inside for so long. And I know now that'snwhat I want in life, to be alive. To live , not just exist. nAnd if that means I have to live on the street with you instead ofnjust existing in a cold, loveless house with some man whoncould never replace you, who could never understand me and touch menthe way you do...\" Tori smiled and removed Paulie's hand from herncheek and kissed the palm. \"Then I'd choose to live on the streetnwith you.\" She leaned down and carefully kissed Paulie, lettingnthe heat and love in their kiss burn away all the fears andninsecurities she had held deep inside. Standing in the hallwaynnext to the door, Mary smiled as a single tear ran down her face. nShe wiped it away quickly, hoping that no one saw it. She hadn'tnmeant— Okay, she had meant to eavesdrop. But these were her friends, and they talkednabout things like that in front of her all the time. In fact, theynhadn't even asked her to step outside, she had just done that on hernown to give them some privacy. But now for the first time in almostntwo weeks, Mary felt the pangs of anguish that had grown inside hernas she had watched her friends fall apart finally begin to fade away.n And she silently resolved that if Tori's little sister Ali evernbarged into their room again without knocking, she'd beat the littlenhomophobic brat senseless herself. Author'snAfterword: Okay, I've decided. This will be three chapters, because it's toonmuch to fit into a oneshot. I'll start working on the next chapternnow, but give me a few days to have the next chapter done, proofednand posted. Working on two stories at once makes for not gettingnmuch sleep. -- Jo --[Chapter 2] Author'snNote: Yay, time for chapter two! Don't worry, Paulie and Tori haven'tngone anywhere. Hope everyone's ready, because this one's going toncover some ground. Herenare my standard disclaimers :n I make no claims on any \"Lost and Delirious\" trademarks orncopyrights and no claims upon the characters of that movie; noninfringement is intended. Be forewarned that this story mostncertainly will contain femslash. If that surprises you, younobviously haven't seen the movie. If love and affection between twonconsenting young adults of the same sex bothers you, I suggest younturn right around and find something else to read. Keep any flamesnto yourself and remember that what our world needs now is more lovenand acceptance, not more hate. Reviews are always welcomed andnappreciated! BrokennWings bynJo P. Chaptern2: Only Love Onlynlove can set us free Onlynlove can bear the truth Onlynlove can bring us peace Onlynlove can save me and you Onlynlove can purify Onlynlove can conquer fear Onlynlove can testify Onlynlove can make a miracle (of life) --Sophie B. Hawkins, n\"Only Love\" Tori wasn't sure whatnwoke her up. Her back was hurting; apparently she had fallen asleepnat her desk, leaning forward with her head resting on the flatnsurface. Except whatever was under her head wasn't hard. It wasnsoft, and it was warm. She groaned slightly as she lifted her headnup, only to feel a warm hand on the back of her head gently runnfingers through her long auburn hair. \"Paulie?\" she mumblednsleepily, blinking her eyes open. Too much white in here , shenthought. Where are we? Then she saw the large cast onnPaulie's right leg, raised up off the bed and plainly in sight. Oh.n The hospital. She had hoped it had beenna bad dream, but apparently not. As she carefully removed Paulie'snhand from her hair, Tori sat up, straightening her back with a softnpop as she did so. This morning the bruising on Paulie's face wasn'tnquite as pronounced, which she took as a good sign. She cautiouslynlooked around the room. No one else was in there with them. Oncensatisfied, she stood and leaned over Paulie, very gently placing ankiss on her girlfriend's lips. They were a bit dry, but once Torinlicked them they moistened up nicely. She smiled and kissed Paulienagain, this time feeling her lover start to kiss back. \"Mmmm, I like waking upnthat way,\" said Paulie in a whisper. \"Be careful when younstart moving around,\" Tori said. \"You've got your right leg innsome kind of brace, or cast, or something. And your left arm is in ancast too, so don't knock yourself out with it.\" \"What, like if I wantnto scratch my head or something?\" asked Paulie, a touch of sass innher voice. Another good sign. \"Yeah, something like that.\" Paulie grinned as shenopened her eyes and finally saw the girl she was completely in lovenwith looking down at her, smiling. \"That's what I've got you for,nTor. To scratch my head for me.\" Tori ran her fingersnthrough Paulie's hair. \"I'll wash your hair for you today, P. nThat might feel good to you.\" Paulie looked around thenroom. \"No, what would feel good is getting the fuck out here andnback to our room. Back to our lives before everything got kicked allnto hell.\" \"P, you aren't going tonbe able to get up those steps to our room. Not for a while.\" Thenexpression on Paulie's face made Tori think that she might havenchosen the wrong words. \"The hell I can't,\"nPaulie said defiantly. \"If I have to pull myself up those stepsnI'm sleeping in my bed tonight.\" She looked at Tori and grinned anwicked grin. \"Or in yours.\" Tori gave Paulie andisapproving look. \"I have a better idea,\" she said. \"Hownabout when you're ready to get out of here, we move our bedsntogether? That way we'll have a bit more room for you to stretchnyour leg out for now.\" Paulie tried to sitnstraight up in the bed, but her head swam maddeningly as she did so. nShe blinked the vertigo away, focusing on Tori's surprised face. n\"You serious?\" she asked excitedly. Tori looked at the joyousnlook of her girlfriend's face, and she wondered again how she everncould have been stupid enough to hurt this radiant young woman innfront of her. Yes, Paulie was fiery and unpredictable, but she wasnalso fiercely loyal and incredibly romantic. They had made plans fornthe future over their years at Perkins, had already talked aboutntheir lives together after graduation, and then Tori had shallowlynthrown that all away simply because she was afraid her little sisternAllison was going to run and tell Mummy and Daddy that Tori wasnsleeping with her roommate. Tori cleared her throat and pushed hernfears back down inside her. \"Yes,\" she said, smiling at Paulie. n\"I'm done hiding, P. And I'm done lying.\" \"To others, or tonyourself?\" Paulie asked, holding Tori's gaze. The question stung, butnTori knew she deserved to hear it. Paulie was brutally honest, butnTori knew she wasn't saying that as retaliation. \"To both,\" Torinanswered. Just saying it felt good, like it gave her new resolve. nBut that resolve was still new and fragile, and Tori hoped she couldnstand fast in the face of the inevitable criticism and attacks thatnwould come. \"But I'm still scared, P.\" Paulie used her rightnhand to take Tori's left and held it tightly. \"It's okay to benscared, Tor. What's not okay is letting being scared stop you fromnfollowing your heart.\" Tori felt tears startingnto form at the edges of her eyes as she looked into Paulie'snamazingly expressive dark eyes. \"That's what I've got you for, P. nYou're my courage.\" Paulie smiled. \"Damnnright I am.\" A knock at the door wasnquickly followed by the entrance of one of the nurses. \"Oh good,nyou're awake, Pauline,\" she said. Paulie laughed. \"It'snPaulie, please,\" she said with just a touch of sarcasm. \"I hatenPauline.\" The nurse efficientlynchecked Paulie's casts, then the pulses in her right foot and leftnhand. That was followed by taking her temperature with an earnthermometer, then measuring her blood pressure in her right arm. n\"You have some visitors today,\" she said pleasantly. \"Sounds good,\" Pauliensaid, her carefree attitude starting to return now that the mostnimportant part of her world was back beside her. \"Hey, when can Inget out of this place?\" she asked. \"I mean, you get me anwheelchair and some crutches and I'll get myself out the door.\" \"Paulie,\" Tori saidnwarily. \"You're going to take the time to heal first.\" Not missing a beat,nPaulie said, \"Well, I'll heal a lot faster in my own bed.\" Shengave Tori a naughty look and added, \"Or in someone else's.\" \"How are you planningnon getting up the stairs, Paulie, seriously? We live on the thirdnfloor!\" \"I'll let you and MarynBrave help me up and down the first few days, then I should be ablento do it myself. I'll just stay on the ground floor the whole schoolnday, then go back up to the room when classes are done.\" Seeingnthe nurse easing toward the door, Paulie quickly said in a loudnvoice, \"Hey, can you find out what we have to do to get me out ofnhere today? I mean it, I want to go home. I can keep my leg proppednup there just like I can here.\" \"Well, I'll have thendoctor come by and look at your chest tube. But it doesn't look likenit's drained anymore overnight.\" \"Does that mean it canncome out?\" asked Paulie expectantly. \"Because I feel okay.\" \"You feel okay becausenthey've been giving you something for pain,\" said Tori. Paulie gave herngirlfriend a look. \"And why can't they give me something to takenhome for a few days in case I need it?\" \"God, you arenstubborn!\" said Tori, throwing up her hands in light frustration. Paulie grinned as shensaid, \"You still love me, though, right?\" Tori knew this was antest, whether Paulie intended it as one or not—and she didn't thinknPaulie would do that to her. But it was still a test, if only anself-imposed one. She could feel the heat rush to her face, but shenmanaged to quietly say, \"Yes, I love you, P. Now shut up until thendoctor gets here, or they'll keep you for another week.\" Paulie laughed, and thensimple sound of her happy laugh made Tori's heart jump with glee,ndespite the terrible events of the past weeks. \"I knew you stillnloved me,\" she said as she looked into Tori's eyes, and now her ownneyes grew serious. \"Even if I am pretty fucked up.\" \"Why would you saynthat, Paulie?\" Tori asked politely, even though both of them werenquite aware of yesterday's events even now. Would she do it againnif we ever broke up in the future? Tori was ashamed of evennthinking such a thing, but it was a valid concern; Paulie'snactions yesterday had made quite clear just how real a possibilitynthat was. Paulie's voice wasnhaunted as she said, \"Because when I realized that without you Inhad nothing to live for, I tried to kill myself. I tried to tellnmyself that it wouldn't hurt you, that it would make it easier fornyou to go on with your live with that asshole Jake, but I still knewnthat it would hurt you deeply. Maybe permanently. And I still didnit, because I couldn't even think of living without you by my side.\"n Tears were forming in her eyes, a very rare occurrence for PaulinenOster. \"If that's not fucked up, trying to kill myself knowingnthat it would emotionally scar the one person I loved more thannanything else, then what the hell is?\" Tori shook her head. n\"Paulie, I was the one who was fucked up. I wasn't thinking,nbecause I was so scared about what my parents would do when theynfound out about us. You tried everything, baby, and I mean everything , to get my mind straight. I was in denial so badnthat it took seeing you nearly die for me to realize that having younin my life is...\" She wiped her eyes and nose before she finishednby saying, \"Having you in my life is more important than having mynparents, or my sister, or my brother in it. None of them fucking know me, P, not like you do! You do things for me because younlove me, not because you think I need to be fixed or improved.\" nThe way she spat out \"fixed\" and \"improved\" left no doubt asnto how she felt about her parents trying to micromanage her life. Another knock at the doornsounded. \"Come in,\" said both Tori and Paulie at the same time. nFay Vaughn slowly walked around the corner, her ever-present smilenstill in place. \"Good morning, girls,\"nsaid the headmistress of Perkins School. \"Do you feel likenanswering a few questions for someone, Paulie?\" Paulie shrugged hernshoulders, being careful not to move her left arm too much. \"Notnlike I can get up and walk out,\" she said noncommittally. Ms. Vaughn motioned fornsomeone to enter the room. A tall man came around the corner, in hisnearly fifties by appearance. Ms. Vaughn said, \"This is AssistantnDistrict Attorney George Burkholt, ladies. Mr. Burkholt, this isnVictoria Moller,\" she said as she held out her open hand tonindicate Tori, \"and Pauline Oster, the young lady you came to speaknwith.\" Tori politely said, \"Hi,\"nbut Paulie simply glared at the man. \"Let me guess,\"nPaulie said sharply, \"you're here to arrest me. Great.\" Shenlifted her left arm, the nauseatingly bright pink cast in starkncontrast to the black-and-white look of the hospital room. \"Goodnluck getting the cuffs on over this damn thing.\" Tori looked at herngirlfriend, startled. \"Why would he be here to arrest you?\" shenasked. \"What did you do?\" Before Paulie couldnanswer, the man spoke with a voice kinder than either girl wasnexpecting. \"Ms. Oster, you've been accused of assaulting one JakenHollander with a deadly weapon. Would you like to explain whatnhappened yesterday between the two of you?\" Tori felt tears come tonher eyes as she looked again at Paulie. Please don't say younkilled him. Not now, not since I've pushed the fears aside to benwith you. \"What happened, P?\" she said softly, dreading thenforthcoming answer. \"I didn't kill him,\"nPaulie said defiantly to the Assistant District Attorney. \"Which Inhad the right to do, too. It was a duel to the death.\" She lookednat Tori. \"I won you, Tori,\" she said proudly. \"I challengednthat dick to a fair fight, and I won.\" \"Duels to the death arenlooked down on in this state, Ms. Oster,\" said Burkholt. \"Which is why I didn'tnkill him, Mr. Burkholt,\" Paulie said firmly. \"I decided to stopnafter drawing first blood.\" Burkholt looked at annotebook he had opened. \"Which you did by stabbing him in thenright leg, correct?\" \"I picked a spotnwithout any major blood vessels,\" Paulie said, \"and I made surento just go deep enough for it to bleed. I do have controlnover my blade.\" Paulie sat up straighter in her bed as best as shencould with her right leg pinned down. \"It was a fair challenge!\"nshe added hotly. \"Nobody made him show up! And I put that it wasna duel to the death on the note I sent to him. He knew what he wasngetting into the entire time, and he showed up with his buddies, tooknthe sword, and fought me in a fair fight. So if you want to callnthat assault, then you sure as hell better charge him with the samenfucking thing!\" \"Watch your language,nyoung lady,\" said Burkholt, and Tori silently chastised herngirlfriend by giving her a reprimanding glare. \"It was a fair fight,\"nPaulie repeated, this time with a more restrained voice. \"And what was thisnfight over?\" asked Burkholt. Paulie reached over andntook Tori's hand. She felt her girlfriend tremble, but Tori didn'tntry to pull her hand away like she would have just a day ago. \"Itnwas over Victoria here,\" Paulie said proudly. \"I challenged himnfor the right to court her, like a gentleman would have done.\" Shenclosed her eyes as the proud memory gave way to a shameful one. n\"Then I panicked,\" she said quietly. \"I thought that once Torinfound out, that there was no way she'd forgive me. I was afraid thatnit would only make her run to Jake even more.\" For the second time todaynand only the third time ever, Tori saw Paulie start to cry. For FaynVaughn, she had never seen the tough, rebellious young womanncry, so it was even more shocking. \"I decided that if Inreally loved Tori, that I needed to let her go,\" Paulie said,nignoring the tears slowly running down her cheeks. \"Like the bird,\" Torinwhispered, slowly understanding the symbolism. \"Oh, P...\" \"And once she was gonento be with Jake, then I had nothing left,\" Paulie continued. \"Inhave no real family. I'll never love anyone like I love Tori, notnever. And even the whore who gave birth to me doesn't want to havenanything to do with me.\" Paulie's eyes were red from crying, butnher voice wavered only slightly. \"Why the fuck should Inhave stayed?\" she finished, burying her face in Tori's shoulder. \"Paulie, I'm so, sonsorry,\" Tori whispered into her girlfriend's ear. \"I was sonstupid, and so afraid, and I hurt you so badly that I don't know if Incan ever forgive myself.\" \"Yes you can!\" saidnPaulie, her head jerking up so suddenly that she nearly crackednTori's nose. \"You will forgive yourself, Victoria Moller,nyou hear me? You didn't make me get up on that roof. I did it tonshow you that I was letting you go, to fly free like the raptor. AndnI was going to free myself from this sty of a world, this shitholenthat we live in, where there was nothing left worth me taking anothernbreath for.\" There was a silence thatnfell over the room. Even the soft sobs of Paulie and Tori seemed tonbe swallowed up by the large hospital room. Finally Fay spoke. \"I think that these twonyoung ladies have been through enough, George, don't you?\" shensaid, turning to look the man standing beside her. \"And I believenthat they will have more than enough to deal with in the next fewnmonths and years to come as well.\" George Burkholt looked atnthe two young women who had turned to look directly at him. Whilenboth of them had been crying, neither of them seemed afraid. As thenfather of two daughters in their twenties, he felt a sense ofnpaternal respect as he regarded the two of them, at such a tryingntime in their lives but filled with a new sense of purpose andndetermination. He closed his notebook and put it back inside hisncoat pocket. \"My daughters both wentnto Perkins,\" he said as he slowly walked to the window, lookingnoutside at the trees blowing in the light breeze. \"So I have somenidea of what the two of you have gone through.\" He turned to looknat both of them, holding their gaze without trying to be challengingnor intimidating. He was fairly sure that Pauline Oster couldn't benintimidated anyway, even if he had tried. \"Ms. Oster, your storynabout the duel matches what I've already heard from one Mary Bedford.n The two young men with Jake Hollander also confirmed the detailsnabout him accepting the challenge, and I even have the actual notenitself as evidence.\" He walked over to the side of the bed,nstopping at Paulie's cast right leg. \"While the state doesn't looknfavorably upon duels to the death, it is a bit more lenient regardingnother fair challenges. It also works in your favor that you changednthe conditions to something less permanent than killing him. nOtherwise I'd be hauling your rear to jail as soon as the hospitalnreleased you.\" He finally allowed himself to smile. \"But as itnstands, I have to conclude that you issued a challenge to Mr.nHollander for a fair fight, which he freely accepted knowing thenterms. Witnesses confirm that the duel was fair, if one-sided, andnthat upon your victory, you chose to spare his life. Because ofnthis, the state will not be pursuing charges against you.\" Henextended his hand, and after a slight pause, Paulie shook itncarefully but firmly. \"Ms. Oster, I think you're more of angentleman than most men I've met in my life. And I mean that as ancompliment.\" \"Thank you,\" Pauliensaid honestly, her voice raw now. \"I'd do anything for her,\" shenadded, jerking her head toward Tori. Burkholt leaned down andnsaid with a more gentle voice, \"Then stop falling off rooftops. nAnd take care of your girlfriend.\" Paulie nodded, letting anslight smile cross her lips. \"I will. To both.\" Burkholt releasednPaulie's hand and smiled at Tori. \"Ms. Moller,\" he said as hennodded to her, then he turned around and walked over to Fay. \"I'llnkeep this out of the papers, Fay,\" he said pleasantly. \"Inwouldn't worry about this going any further. I doubt Mr. Hollandernwants his entire school to know the details of him getting beaten inna fair fight by one of your students.\" Fay smiled. \"I suspectnyou're right, George. Thank you again.\" \"You're welcome, Fay. nJust doing my job.\" Burkholt turned and walked out of the room. After a minute forneveryone to regain their emotional footing, Tori stood and placed ankiss on Paulie's forehead. \"I need to make a phone call,\" shensaid. \"Be right back.\" \"Not going anywhere,\"nPaulie said smugly, making Tori smile. As Tori passed Fay, shenreached out and gingerly touched the frail-looking older woman. n\"Thank you for being here. Not just today, but all the days thatnyou've been there for her.\" As Tori watched Fay'snface, the older woman seemed to stand a bit taller, as if some hiddennsource of strength was flowing into her. \"I told Paulie that Inunderstood what she was going through,\" Fay said softly, \"and Indo. I too had to make a choice once, a choice that hurt two peoplenvery badly. So badly that it took both of us many years and muchnsorrow to move past it.\" She reached out and lightly patted Tori'snarm. \"Only rarely do we get second chances, Victoria,\" she said.n \"Make the most of yours.\" As Tori looked into thenheadmistress's eyes, she felt a deeper understanding of the enigmaticnwoman that everyone at the school knew but almost no one knew well. nAnd beyond that understanding, she felt a sense of kinship with FaynVaughn now, and both she and Paulie would treasure that kinship fornthe rest of their lives. \"Thank you,\" Tori said softly, givingnFay a smile as she stepped out of the room and into the hall. She walked down the hallnuntil she found a sitting room that was empty. She walked in andnclosed the door behind her, dialing on her cell phone as she did so. nAs she heard someone answer, she gritted her teeth. \" Hello?\" \"Alli,\" Tori said,nher voice controlled and neutral. \" Tori!n Where are you?\" \"I'm at the hospital,nAlli.\" She braced herself and added, \"With Paulie.\" \" Why?\" hernyounger sister shouted into the phone. \"Is she saying she'sngoing to kill herself if you're not there? If she is, you shouldnjust let her—\" \"ALLI!\" Tori loudlynsaid into the phone. When she heard her sister pause, she said, \"No,nAlli. I'm here because...\" Don't pause. Don't hesitate. \"I'm here because I love her, Allison. I've loved her for severalnyears.\" After a pause, hernsister's hurt voice said, \"Why, Tori? HOW? How could you donthis?\" \"Because she loves me,nAlli. She loves me like no one else ever has, or ever will. And Inlove her the same way.\" \" It'snnot right, Tori. Do you have any idea what Mom and Dad will—\" \"Yes,\" Tori said,nfighting back tears. \"I have a very good idea, Allison. So that'snwhy I'm asking you to do something for me.\" \" I-I'mnnot going to lie to them about this, Tori. I'm sorry, but I won't.\" \"I'm not asking you to,nAlli. All I'm asking is for you to let me be the one to tell them. nThey deserve that. I deserve that.\" When no reply came, Torinsaid, \"Do you hear me, Alli?\" \" ...I hear you,nTori,\" said Allison, her voice sad, almost mournful. \"Whennare you going to tell them?\" \"Graduation,\" Torinsaid. She had thought about this all night, and it was the bestnplan. \"If they find out about it before then, they'll freak outnand try to pull me out of Perkins. All we have left is two months,nAlli. If they ask you about us before then, you say that I told younto stay out of it. That way they won't get mad at you when they findnout. Okay?\" After a long pause,nAllison said, \"Okay. I can do that for you.\" \"Thank you,\" Torinsaid. \"And I love you, little sis.\" \" Goodbye,nTori.\" The click of thendisconnection hit Tori squarely in her heart, but this time therenwere no tears. Tori had nothing to cry about. If her sister everncame to accept that Tori was still the same big sister who had lovednand looked out for her throughout her entire life, then maybe theyncould rebuild their relationship once again. But that was Alli'snchoice, just like it was Tori's choice to not be ashamed of who shenwas any more. To not be ashamed of who she loved, or how she chosento live her life. TWOnMONTHS LATER \"I don't know what I'mngoing to do without the two of you,\" said Mary as she looked aroundnthe room that she had shared with Paulie and Tori for the last year. nBoxes were stacked in one corner of the room, with only the beddingnand their toiletries left to pack as Tori and Paulie stuffed theirngraduation robes into an open box. Graduation had just finished, andnnow the time had come for them to leave the room that had been theirnhome for the last four years. \"We're going to missnyou, Mary,\" Tori said as she hugged her old roommate. \"But Brownnisn't that far away.\" \"Yeah, you can comenvisit us whenever things get too boring around here,\" Paulie addednwith her trademark confident grin. She looked more like herself now,nsince she was out of both of her casts and walking on her own withoutna limp. Under her doctor's orders she continued to limit herself tonwalking rather than running for now, but she was already chafing atnthe bit to resume her full activity level. Mary looked directly intonher friends' eyes as she said, \"I'm just glad that you two got intonthe same school.\" \"We're a package deal,\"nPaulie replied, putting her arm around her girlfriend. \"We toldnthat to every school we interviewed at.\" \"But we both likednBrown,\" added Tori. \"And they were cool about letting us roomntogether.\" Mary smiled. \"What arenyou going to do now that you're not going to have a new girl to shocknand scandalize?\" she asked teasingly. Paulie quickly replied,n\"Oh, we'll just call you on the speaker phone when we're havingnsex. That way you'll be able to sleep.\" Mary blushed furiously atnthat statement, but it was true. Listening to her roommates quietlynmake love at night was now comforting to her, like the sound of thenocean's waves would be to someone who grew up on the beach. Rathernthan try and pursue a teasing contest that she wouldn't win, Maryninstead stepped forward and hugged Tori and Paulie, wrapping her armsnaround both of them. \"Take care of each other, okay?\" she said,nblinking back tears. \"I'm not going to be there to clean up yournmesses. And for God's sake, always, and I mean always, remember that you love each other.\" \"We will,\" Tori saidnsoftly. \"We promise.\" \"As if I could evernforget,\" Paulie said as she kissed Tori on the cheek. \"She's mynmuse, my purpose.\" \"And you're mynprotector, P,\" Tori added. \"Victoria?\" callednout a female voice from the stairwell below. \"Mom?\" Tori said,nsurprised that her parents had gotten over here so quickly. Shenstarted to walk to the door but Paulie stopped her in her tracks bynnot releasing her hand. \"Remember, Tori, thisnis our home for a few more minutes,\" she said softly. \"And we'rennever going to be made uncomfortable or belittled in our own home.\" Mary stepped forward andnrubbed the small of Tori's back. \"I'm staying here, just in casenyou need backup,\" she said. Paulie turned to look atnher friend, and now those dark eyes had a sharp, piercing qualitynthat Mary recognized. The raptor. \"We won't need any backup,\"nPaulie said firmly. \"But we would be honored to have Mary Bravenstand at our side.\" She reached out with her free hand and graspednMary's left hand. \"You're our friend, and this is your home too. nEven after we're gone.\" \"How on earth do younclimb those steps every day, Victoria?\" said her out-of-breathnmother, gasping as she stepped into the room. It looked positivelyncavernous to the three girls used to it being full of their personalnitems, with one half of the room empty except for the boxes and thentwo small beds fitted together to make one queen-sized bed, but tonTori's mother it looked confining. \"It makes me stay innshape, Mother,\" Tori said, polite but on guard. \"Plus we runnevery day. Well, we've been walking for the last few weeks, untilnPaulie's doctor says she can start running again.\" \"What happened to yournleg, Pauline?\" asked Tori's father as he stepped into the room. Henstill didn't like his daughter's roommate, particularly after her oddnbehavior at the dance two months ago. \"I broke it,\" Pauliensaid flatly, not offering further details. \"I still wish you'd letnus help you girls with your packing and moving,\" continued hernfather. \"I think you're taking this independence concept too far.\"n He gave Tori a smile to try and soften his tone. \"Men are there to donthe heavy lifting in your life, dear,\" added her mother. \"Younshould remember that. Once you find one, that is.\" \"That's what Paulie isnfor, Mother,\" Tori said, more than a touch of defiance in hernvoice. \"Plus I can do my own heavy lifting when I need to.\" There was no immediatenreply from either parent. Tori turned to look at her mother, who wasnintently gazing at the queen-sized bed against the wall, coversnturned down from where they hadn't made their bed this morning. \"Victoria, why arenthere only two beds in this room?\" her mother asked carefully. Tori squeezed Paulie'snhand for support, and Paulie squeezed back. Tori turned to look atnher girlfriend, who silently mouthed, I love you , to her. Shenturned back to her mother, who had an unreadable expression on hernface. \"Because Paulie and I sleep together, Mother.\" \"Don't you think yountwo are a little old for that sort of thing, Victoria?\" her mothernsaid disapprovingly. \"I mean, think of the rumors that might getnstarted!\" If the situation weren'tnentirely serious, Tori might have laughed. But her face was resolutenas she replied, \"The rumors would be true, Mother. Paulie and Inare in love.\" \"What?\" said hernfather harshly. \"How dare you!\" he said, turning to Paulie. Henangrily took two steps forward, but Paulie didn't flinch as henapproached. \"What have you done to my daughter?\" henbellowed. Whatever reaction he hadnbeen expecting, Paulie didn't give it to him. Instead she calmlynsaid, \"I've shown her what love is.\" She continued to holdnTori's hand as she took a step forward, drawing herself up as tall asnshe could but still several inches shorter than Tori's father. n\"Something so powerful that I'd give my life for it. For her. Tonprotect her from people who say they love her while tearing her apartnwith thinly disguised criticisms and polite insults that she doesn'tndeserve. People like the two of you.\" Tori's father drew backnhis hand to smack Paulie across her face, but the young womannstanding in front of him refused to move or break eye contact withnhim, instead just continuing to glare into his angry gaze. \"Daddy, no!\" Torinshouted before he could strike Paulie. \"If you hit her, I swearnI'll never talk to either of you ever again!\" \"Victoria!\" said hernmother. \"How dare you speak to your father that way?\" \"How dare you ,nMother, how dare you to speak to me the way you have for my whole life? \" Tori replied angrily. \"To make fun of mynteeth, of my face, of my hair, of my body, usually in front of thosenshallow bitches you call friends? You call yourself a mother? nYou've never acted like one to me. You just dumped me here in thisnschool to let them raise me since I was seven, and all the time Inwanted to have your love and acceptance I just got it thrown back innmy face how I came up short of everything you wanted me to be!\" nShe whirled to face her father, his hand still drawn back over hisnshoulder. \"And you, Daddy ,\" she said, acid dripping fromnher words. \"You were always too busy bragging about your son ornfawning over precious little Alli to ever remember me.\" \"Is that what this isnabout?\" her father said, lowering his hand. \"You're mad at usnbecause we didn't give you enough attention, so you're punishing usnby becoming a lesbian?\" Tori shook her head andnPaulie laughed loudly. \"You so don't get it,\" Pauliensaid, shaking her head as well. \"Let me put it in single-syllablenwords for you, okay? I. Love. Her. She. Loves. Me.\" Shenturned to look at Tori, and she smiled at the love that Torinreflected back at her as they looked at each other. She turned backnto look at Tori's father. \"This isn't about being lesbian, ornbeing straight or gay or bisexual. This is about being in love .n Love knows no boundaries. Love knows no names. It simply IS. Andnthat's all it has to be.\" \"I love you, P,\" Torinsaid tenderly, a single tear escaping from her left eye and runningndown her cheek. Paulie quickly caught it with her index finger,ncarefully wiping it away. \"I love you, Victoria,\"nPaulie said. \"And I can't think of a better time to ask you this.\"n She reached into the pocket of her slacks as she dropped to onenknee. She looked up at the woman she loved and asked, \"VictorianElizabeth Moller, will you marry me?\" She offered the diamond ringnup to Tori, who suddenly had tears burst forth. \"Yes!\" she said asnshe took the ring, hand shaking as she offered her other hand tonPaulie, pulling her up as she stood. Both of them were grinning asnTori threw back her head and happily shouted, \"Yes, yes, yes! I'll marry you!\" Paulie wrapped her arms around Tori and huggednher tightly as Tori did the same, sliding the engagement ring ontonthe ring finger of her left hand as they held each other in thenmiddle of their home for the last four years of their lives. Fornonce, Tori's parents were too stunned to say anything. Even Alli,nwho was standing outside the door to the room listening, was toonshocked to speak. Mary stepped forward andnput her hands on Tori's and Paulie's shoulders. \"I don't think Incan be Mary Brave anymore,\" she said. \"Because the two of younjust took that title away from me.\" She smiled. \"You're thenbrave ones, and I'm proud of you both. Be good to each other, andnremember to invite me to the wedding.\" \"You're going to be thenMaid of Honor, you dope!\" Paulie said happily. \"Of course you'reninvited!\" Her face became more serious, then she said, \"Andnyou'll always be Mary Brave, even when life makes you wonder ifnyou're really brave at all. That's when you need to remembernit most.\" Mary smiled kindly at thenyoung woman who had never failed to surprise her, who had helped hernfind the courage in herself when everyone else had made fun of her. n\"I'll remember,\" she said solemnly. Paulie turned to looknagain at the woman she loved, and in those glistening eyes she sawnmore than just a lover, more than just a friend or a confidant. Shensaw her future. And no matter what else that future would bring withnit, she knew that she belonged with Tori, and that Tori belonged withnher. \"I will always love you, Tori,\" Paulie whispered againstnher girlfriend's lips as they leaned in closely. \"I'll always love yountoo, P,\" Tori whispered in reply as everything around them fadednaway, leaving only the two of them in each other's arms. Author'snAfterword: One more chapter yet to come in this story. Sorry it took so longnto get an update, but I take my time until the story is right. Hopeneveryone enjoyed this one! -- Jo -- ","Summary":" Author'snNote: This story is my labor of love for the stunning movie \"Lost andnDelirious.\" I've b"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"How Drive Should Have Ended","Author":"SniperX15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9988117","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Driver felt slightly nervous as he walked towards the meeting place. THE meeting. At last it was time. It was all going to come down to this final moment; this final confrontation. Bernie Rose had agreed to meet him at last. Bernie Rose… one of the most feared gangsters in all of California. The Jewish mobster was known for both his ruthlessness and tendency for sadistic violence. Driver shuddered as he recalled how he got into this mess in the first place… Driver had agreed to be the getaway for a heist. He hadn't done it out of greed, he had done it to help his neighbor pay off some debts and to help a girl he cared about. He had tried to play the hero. Unfortunately, this got him into a whole lot of mess and now the local mob is trying to kill him. Bernie Rose had arranged to meet him. To settle this thing once and for all…. Driver shuddered as he recalled the words over the phone. ''You, me and the girl are the only players left in this,'' Bernie's ominous voice had said. ''Let's settle this.'' Right… let's settle this. As Driver finally reached the restaurant, he expected the worse. Clearly, this was going to be a trap. He knew he was walking into a trap but he also knew he had no choice. He had to protect the girl, he had to do the right thing. Looking left and right, Driver walked into the restaurant. It was a Chinese food place and there were a few people seated amongst the tables. Strangely, there weren't too many shady characters. At last, he saw the man. Bernie Rose was seated in a private room at the back of the place. Driver was surprised. He's ALONE? Looking left and right and over his shoulder, Driver approached the powerful mobster. ''Did you bring the money?'' Bernie said abruptly. Driver said nothing. He simply sat down. The two men stared at each other for a few seconds. Then Bernie broke the silence. The Jewish mobster spoke clearly and decisively. ''Here's what I'm prepared to oFFA,'' he said. ''You give me the money, the girl is safe. No one knows where she is; she's off the map.'' Bernie looked at Driver straight in the eye as he emphasized his next words. '' I CAN'T… offer you the same.'' Driver said nothing. His face was rapt with attention; this was important. ''So here's what I suggest,'' Bernie continued. ''We shake hands, we do the deal and you go home. That way you can start the next part of your life.'' The Jewish mobster's eyes turned cold, hard and powerful as they bore into the Driver's face. ''Whatever dreams… hopes… and plans that you may have,'' he said coldly. ''I THINK you're going to have to put those on hold. FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE… you're gonna look over your shoulder.'' Well that sucks… ''I'm telling you this because,'' Bernie added almost casually. ''I want you to know the truth. But the girl is safe.'' Having concluded his intimidating speech, Bernie sat back to watch the Driver's response. The Driver paused and frowned slightly as he processed all of this. It sounded to him like this was a pretty shitty deal… ''So let me just clarify,'' the Driver said eventually. ''The girl is safe… but I'm not?'' ''That's right,'' Bernie replied. ''I'm gonna look over my shoulder?'' ''You're gonna look over your shoulder,'' Bernie nodded. This deal sucks… ''Well then…'' Driver's eyebrows were raised so high. ''What's in it for me? I mean… the girl is already kinda safe. She's hidden away. It's not like you've already abducted her or anything. You don't even know where she is.'' It was Bernie's turn to frown. This wasn't going his way. Driver wasn't supposed to ask so many questions. ''Look,'' Bernie said slowly and carefully. ''If you think you and your girl can just hide for the rest of your lives and that this has a happy ending… you're dead wrong. My people will get to her… Did you seriously think, that you and the girl could just take my money… and WOK away from this?'' '\"Actually,'' Driver replied. ''I was thinking of driving but anyways-'' ''Listen boy,'' Bernie cut across sharply. ''You're not in any position to make demands. You don't know what I'm capable of. If you're going to go ahead and test me, I THINK you won't like the results.'' Driver said nothing. ''I THINK,'' Bernie continued, allowing himself a slight smile. ''You might find your girl may end up in an accident.'' Driver could feel his anger rising. He didn't like it when people threatened girls. It was always a cheap move… ''UNLESS of course,'' Bernie continued. ''You give me the money. THEN… THEN… the girl is safe.'' ''But I'm gonna look over my shoulder?'' ''You're gonna look over your shoulder.'' ''So…'' Driver added nervously. ''Does this mean that you're going to be sending people to try to kill me after? Or that you might try to kill me right after you get the money?'' Bernie frowned. This guy asked too many questions. ''Maybe,'' he replied simply. ''It's on the table. But I can't say.'' ''I don't like this deal.'' ''I don't care,'' Bernie replied. ''Like I said. It's the only one. You give me the money, the girl is safe, but I just can't promise the same for you.'' ''How… how about this,'' Driver inquired. ''I give you the money, the girl is safe… AND… AND…'' Bernie was really getting tired of this. ''AND…'' the Driver continued. ''I'm also safe?'' ''... ... FINE!'' Several hours later the Driver and Bernie walked up to a deserted parking. They stopped by a car. ''Where's the money?'' Bernie demanded. Driver said nothing. He simply opened the trunk of the car; sure enough, the bag of cash was in there. Bernie executed his master plan. Without warning, he pulled out a large knife and rammed it into the Driver's torso. ''AAAAAAAAARGH…'' the Driver screamed out in pain as his body was pushed into the car; Bernie's hand was still firmly on the knife's handle. The Driver retaliated. Smoothly, he pulled out a knife of his own and pushed it into Bernie. In contrast to Driver, the Jewish mobster was instantly killed; falling immediately onto the concrete and out of the game. The Driver took a few seconds to calm himself down. Ignoring the blood running down from his chest, he casually pulled his own knife out, walked towards the car and started the engine. He had no idea how he had survived. Bernie was the first to stab. Yet for some reason, Driver was left standing. Ah well… whatever. As he drove away, the Driver made sure to throw the bag of money out of the window; it landed next to Bernie's corpse. It was for the best, he didn't want people to have a reason to go after him. The girl is safe… **************************************************************** Decades later, the Driver's grandchildren sat around the fire. They always loved to hear their grandfather recount the good old days; he had such an exciting past. ''And that's how it ended,'' the elderly Driver said, smiling to himself. ''Wait…'' a young Tom quipped. ''But… but why didn't he bring anyone else to the meeting? I mean this Bernie dude… like guards or assassins or anything.'' Driver frowned. He had wondered the same thing for decades. ''Hmmm… I dunno… I guess he was confident he could stab me himself. It wasn't very smart though…'' Driver paused for a few seconds. Clearly, his kids didn't like this explanation. ''MAYBE,'' Driver added after some thinking. ''Maybe when he said over the phone that he, the girl, and me were the ONLY PLAYERS left in this he meant it literally?'' ''So he was bluffing the whole time and he was the only guy left?'' ''Maybe…'' ''But what if you had said no to his deal at the table and pulled out a gun?'' ''Well… we didn't really use guns back then. At least not the classy people… I mean, I thought bringing a gun to the place wouldn't fit with my style very well. I mean, I was drowning people and using hammers and my bare hands before… a gun would just seem out of place.'' ''How did you survive?'' ''I dunno,'' Driver mused. ''I guess it was a miracle. I mean, he did stab first and I got him in the exchange. I guess he screwed up big time… He GOT HIS MONEY THOUGH. Haha… hahaha...'' THE END ","Summary":" The Driver felt slightly nervous as he walked towards the meeting place. THE meeting. At last it wa"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"A blood stained jacket","Author":"Neeko Starko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11077051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The driver was unlocking the trunk of his car, getting the bag of money out to give to Mr. Rose. And once he handed it over, the driver felt the sharp pain in his lower stomach. He glanced down and saw what happened. Without thinking the driver grabbed Bernie's hand in his and was trying to pull the knife out. Bernie of course put up a fight, but with a little effort the Driver managed to get the knife out. The driver didn't have much of a choice here, so he grabbed a hold of the knife and yanked it out of Bernie's hand, which then the driver stabbed Mr. Rose in the heart. The driver watched as the life left the other male's eyes as he helped him to the ground. The driver put his hand on the wound, the think warm, crimson blood gushing between his fingers. He leaned back on the trunk of his dark midnight blue car, breathing heavy. After a few moments the driver moved to the driver's seat of his car and sat down, holding the heavily bleeding wound still as he looked off to the distance. He had no idea what to do. Bernie's words were buzzing in his head like an angry bee. The driver couldn't go back to Irene; if he did the people now would know about her. There was only one thing the driver could do. He looked down to the ignition and slowly started the car up, he brought his feet in slowly, shutting the door and he speed off. The driver found himself on the outskirts of town; underneath a bridge by a forest. The spot he showed Irene and Benicio. 'Their spot' is what he likes to call it now. He was sitting on the cold, hard, ground, a red and white first aid kit opened in front of him. He was trying to stitch the jagged wound because he didn't want to chance getting caught in the hospital even though he should've gone. The driver finished the last stitch then cut the string. He leaned his head back against the car and closed his eyes. While he rested he listened to the sounds of nature and he could almost hear Benicio's laugh, he could see Irene's smile and the way she put a strand of hair behind her ear. Tears were threatening to escape as he opened his eyes. He got up slowly. Painfully putting his blood stained white shirt on. He picked up the first aid kit and throwing it in the back of his car, by his blood stained Scorpion jacket. Then he got in on the driver's side of the car and started it up. The driver then peeled out, not looking back at their spot. He had a job to do. He had to keep the two safe and that meant he had to stay away from them. For how long? He had no idea. ","Summary":" The driver was unlocking the trunk of his car, getting the bag of money out to give to Mr. Rose. An"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Past Sins","Author":"Classic Rock Fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9207586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, I have watched Drive a couple of times and couldn't get this story out of my head. Now, I do have a storyline for this, which is why I left this as a cliff-hanger. Most of you are probably going to hate me after this story is finished, some of you are probably not, but, I don't give a shit... LOL... Sorry... I now present Chapter 1... Enjoy and I'll see you at the end of the story... Enjoy... 2 years ago, Driver never thought that he would be here, as a father figure and a loving husband. Driver watched Irene sleep, his hands on his chin, the blueness of his eyes heightened by the small light of the hotel next door to them. There was nobody that mattered more to him than Irene and Benicio. Yes, 2 years ago, he was a getaway driver that caused the deaths of at least 4 men. 2 years ago, he had lived all alone and never was responsible for anybody. Until he met Irene in the elevator, going up to the same floor from him. He kissed her forehead and left the room, stepping into the hallway and checking in on the sleeping boy. He walked in and kissed the boy's forehead, and covered him up all the way to his neck. He hadn't been sleeping that much. He was too worried about watching his family. Which was why he made sure the doors were locked, the windows were blacked out, and that his family was never alone. He was always looking over his shoulder, just as Bernie had said, right before he had killed him. He closed the door to Benicio's room and walked into the kitchen, turning on the lights and looking around the seemingly empty room. He walked to the front door to make sure it was still locked. Paranoia was now surrounding him. He hadn't slept well since 2 years ago. He gripped the doorknob, reaching for his gun, just in case there was somebody waiting on the outside of the door. Turning the doorknob, he found it locked. Sealed. He sighed, running his hands through his hair. Then he jumped, feeling hands on his back. Turning, ready to strike, he saw Irene. \"What are you doing up so late?\" she asked, placing her hands on his bare chest. He smiled and kissed her lips, wrapping his arms around her waist. \"I was just checking the house. Making sure nothing can get in,\" he said. He touched her cheek softly, pushing a stray hair out of her face and she smiled, kissing his cheek and wrapping her arms around his shoulders and leaning into his chest, breathing in his scent. He smelled of Axe body spray and deodorant, which she loved on him. \"You're so paranoid. Come back to bed, Driver,\" she said, rubbing his back. Driver looked at her, a smug grin on his lips, and he kissed her forehead. \"I'll be there in a minute. Go back to bed,\" he said, caressing her cheek. She smiled and nodded, walking back into their bedroom, tightening her robe around herself. Driver sighed and walked into their room and lay down beside her, her arms wrapping around him, his hands behind his head. Yes, 2 years ago, he never thought he'd be here. He stared at the ceiling; his hand rubbing Irene's back, listening to the silence of the streets below. His mind wandered. It wandered back to the old days. The days before Irene and Benicio, the days before he had to constantly watch his back, and he never missed it. He couldn't fall asleep. He was listening to everything and anything. He was listening for one particular sound though, the sound that would get him out of bed in 10 seconds. He was listening for the sound of a door opening. He was listening for the sound of glass breaking or something. He was just waiting for it. He put a hand under his pillow, feeling the cold pistol that was hidden there. It was still there, still full. He hadn't had a chance to use it, and he hoped he wouldn't have to. Besides, they were way too far out for any of Bernie's or Nino's men to find them. They had left the apartment building, getting an apartment together in the upper east side of Los Angeles. He sighed, figuring that he'd get some sleep. He took one last look out the window and closed his eyes, falling into a deep sleep, his head resting against Irene's, his hand on top of hers. And for once, in two years, he slept in until sunrise. He awoke to the smell of bacon and eggs, seeing Irene gone out of bed. He sat up, and got out, got dressed, and walked out of the room and leaning against the doorjamb to see Benicio watching cartoons while eating cereal. \"Good morning Benice,\" he said, tousling the boy's hair and walking into the kitchen. He wrapped his arms around Irene's waist while she stood at the stove, cooking pancakes. \"Good morning, beautiful. It smells so good in here.\" He kissed her cheek and grabbed a piece of bacon, and began eating it. Irene swatted his hand away with a hot spatula and smiled, looking at him. They were finally happy, safe, and a family. Driver sat down beside Benicio, placing his foot on the coffee table and watching cartoons as well. He watched as Benicio wiped his nose and sniffled. \"Still got a cold, son?\" Benicio shook his head and finished the last of his milk, and walked into the kitchen, placing his bowl in the sink. Driver checked his watch and saw it was almost time to take the kid to school. He tapped his watch, looking back at Benicio, a small smile on his face. The kid knew exactly what Driver was saying and ran to his room to start getting ready. Driver stood up and kissed Irene's cheek and then pushed a stray hair out of her face, gently, looking into her brown eyes. \"Be careful today, Irene. I don't feel right leaving you alone,\" he said, gripping her hands. She shook her head and rolled her eyes, looking at him. Her brown eyes pierced through his soul sometimes. \"I'll be fine. Just get Benicio to school on time,\" she said, kissing his lips. He smiled, chuckling lightly. \"I promise. Cross my heart that I will get him to school on time,\" he said, grabbing the keys. \"I love you,\" she whispered in his ear. \"I love you too,\" he whispered back. Driver pulled up to the school at 8:45 am and looked at Benicio, touching his shoulder lightly, giving it a tight squeeze. \"Don't worry buddy. I'm sure you'll make friends soon,\" he said, looking out the window at the school. Benicio opened the door and got out, looking at Driver. Driver smiled, nodding toward the front door. \"Go on ahead. I'll be here to pick you up at 3:15, exactly.\" Benicio ran up the stairs and Driver put the car in drive, and drove out of the parking lot, his eyes scanning for any suspicious looking cars. He had to make sure he wasn't being followed. Irene called him paranoid; he called it on his toes. He pulled up to a red light, looking out the rearview window, making sure that he wasn't being followed. He had a new car, a nicer car, ditching the old blue one that he had when he killed Nino and Bernie. It was a nicer car, and he did the detail work by himself. He drove out as soon as the light turned green, driving slowly, and watching cars in the rearview mirror, watching to make sure nobody was following him. When he saw that he was in the clear, he picked up the pace and headed for his job. He pulled into the garage and jumped out, slipping on his mechanic's uniform. He looked at his boss and grabbed a rag, clearing his throat. \"Sorry, boss. Had to drop my kid off at school,\" he said, grabbing a wrench and putting it in his back pocket. The boss just waved his hand and looked at a chart. \"You're fine, kid. Just make sure to clean up after yourself,\" he said, walking away. A smug grin caused Driver's lips to curl up as he started working on a car. At 3:15, Driver pulled up, waiting for Benicio, watching the cars drive past him. So far, nothing was too suspicious. It was all in the clear. He watched as Benicio stepped up to the car, opened the door, and climbed in. He looked at Driver, and smiled, buckling up. \"Good day, sport?\" he asked, tousling the child's hair. Benicio nodded and kicked his legs against the seat as Driver checked the roads. He didn't like talking in the car, for some strange reason. So, there Driver sat, his eyes on the rearview mirror, his hands tight on the wheel, a toothpick in his mouth. He drove slowly, just to make sure that nobody was following him. He never put the roof down. He never took his eyes off the rearview mirror. This day was different. The wind was different. The cars were different. He knew the cars that were constantly on this road, they were there every single day. These cars… these cars were different. They were following him, side-by-side, the windows blacked out. He looked at Benicio and gripped the steering wheel. \"Hang on, Benice.\" Benicio nodded and gripped the sides of his seat as Driver pressed on the gas pedal as hard as he could. He watched out the rearview mirror, the cars were ganging up on him. He swerved through the cars on the road, his eyes staring directly at the other cars. He was focusing on losing them. He was focusing on protecting Benicio. If something happened to him… he wouldn't know what he'd do. His hands tightened around the steering wheel, and turned down another side road. He ducked Benicio's head down, just in case. \"Stay down until I tell you to get up, okay?\" he whispered. The kid nodded and covered his head as Driver picked up speed. But, the cars were still on course with him. He was dodging them as much as he could. He'd turn down as many side-streets as he could, trying to throw them off. His eyes were glued to the rearview mirror, watching the two cars getting closer, and then drifting back as he left a cloud of dust. He sighed, looked at Benicio, and gave the go ahead. He had lost the pursuers, for now. He pulled into the garage and got out, waiting for Benicio. When he heard the other door slam, he grabbed a hold of the young boy's hand and walked with him up to the apartment, unlocked the door, and walked in. He closed the door behind him and locked the door, throwing his keys on the counter. He stuck his toothpick behind his ear and reached into the refrigerator, pulling out the milk and pouring Benicio a glass. He put cookies on the table and watched as Benicio ate his snack and did his homework. He sighed, smiling softly, slipping his shoes off and sitting on the couch, turning the TV on. It was on the cartoon station, which it primarily stayed on. Irene was working until 6, and she would normally call him when she was on her way. He kept his eyes between the TV to Benicio, who was at the table, still working on his homework. He smiled, turning back around to watch TV, just waiting for Irene's call. Benicio walked to the couch after a couple of minutes and sat down beside him, crossing his legs, a small milk mustache above his lip. Driver looked at the boy and tousled his hair, placing his head on the back of his hand. \"What are we watching?\" Benicio asked, raising an eyebrow. \"I don't know. What do you think it is?\" Driver asked, shrugging. \"I don't know. Looks like something about cowboys,\" the child said. Driver chuckled, his eyes turning toward the TV, shaking his head. \"You like cowboys?\" he asked. Benicio nodded, kicking his legs against the couch. \"Just not the bad cowboys,\" he said. Driver smiled, and there they sat, stepfather, and stepson, watching cartoons at least until Benicio fell asleep on the couch. Driver carried him to his bed, laid him down, and covered him up to his neck, and turned out the light. He stepped out of the room, closing the door, and rubbing his neck as he checked his phone. No messages. No voicemails. It was way past 6 and he was ready to call her. That's when Irene walked into the door, causing Driver to run up to her and hug her, kissing her forehead, wrapping her in a safe hug. She giggled and looked at him, touching his cheek. \"What's the matter, Driver? You act like you were never going to see me again,\" she said, touching his cheek. He shrugged and smiled, glad that she was safe. Did he dare tell her about his day? How men had tried to run him off the road? He wasn't going to worry her. He didn't want to. She knew that he'd protect them. He had promised that she wouldn't get hurt. He pulled her toward the couch and pulled her down, running his hand along her back, his lips going towards the base of her neck. She giggled and caressed his face, her fingers running through his hair, smiling. He kissed her lips and rubbed her neck, leaning his head back. \"What? I can't miss you?\" he asked, that smug grin coming across his lips. She sighed and stood up, kicking off her shoes and grabbing his hand. She led him to the bedroom, and kissed his lips. Together, they fell, the small problems forgotten as they intertwined. Driver was happy, for the second time in his life. So happy, that he had forgotten to lock the door. A/N: What am I planning with the door being unlocked? Hmmmm... I don't know, but, I do know that you're probably going to be going crazy over the next chapter... So, show your love and send in a review... If I get about 4 reviews, I will upload the second chapter within three days... If you don't, well, I'll just have to send my hyper-active bunnies to attack you... :)... Baiiiii! ","Summary":" A/N: So, I have watched Drive a couple of times and couldn't get this story out of my head. Now, I "},{"Movie":"Lost and Delirious","Title":"Mouse Turned Rat","Author":"Satellite Corkboard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5017621","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Smokenfurled out of Mary's nostrils in scrambled spirals as she sat onnthe fire escape of her hole-in-the-wall apartment. Nineteen wasnhitting her hard; she still felt like such a child. Naive, like thenday she walked into that prison of a school, yet knowledgeable ofnthings she had no business with. She still thinks of Paulie. Wakingnup in the night from dreams of Paulie being carried away by raptors,nonly to break free and suddenly have wings of her own. Mary alwaysnexpects Paulie to come back, but she never does. She keeps flyingnright along side the ones who stole her away. Inwill make thee a willow cabin at your gate. And call upon my soulnwithin the house. I rush you to the secret house. Marynsat there, her skin prickling in the cold, and angrily threw the buttnof her cigarette to the ground, seven stories below, into a ratninfested, filthy ally. Her photograph-worthy view from the window wasnthe incredible brick wall of the neighboring building and powernlines. Unbeatable. Turning away from the wall, Mary looked hopefullyninto her home--maybe it had transformed while she smoked? The habitnmade her feel prettier, but had no magical qualities on her home. Thenfloor was still scattered with sheets of paper that bore scratches ofncharcoal, but no real life, combined with her tiny clothes and dozensnof glass bottles, all with varying amounts of booze left in them. Hernkitchen was bare, holding a few packs of nickel pasta and a bottle ofnwater, the flickering fluorescent light adding a threatening lack ofncontinuity to her home. Her whole life seemed fragmented. Shencouldn't even remain addicted to anything long enough to develop ancrutch; she was always left without anything to lean on but her ownntwo feet. There was still a stash of coke in the back of the picturenframe she used to have on her bedside table. Hiding cocaine behind anphotograph of her mother always resulted in a bittersweetnmoment--like she was getting back at her mother for abandoning her.nBut sober, the idea haunted her. Mary hid the frame between hernmattress and box spring so that she wouldn't have to think about itnwhen she didn't have to, but this seemed to be the kind of nightnwhen she did have to. Afternshe graduated, Mary didn't know what to do with herself. She nevernspoke to Victoria any longer--Victoria didn't appear to need anyonenas she forced herself to be unaffected by Paulie's death. Maryncouldn't find it within herself to forgive her for this. Now andnthen, the idea crossed her mind that perhaps she had been influencednby Paulie and could love a girl, too. She realized that in a way, shenwas. She had fallen in love with Paulie--just not in the same waynthat Paulie loved Victoria. Mary had just fallen in love with thenstory. Paulie was one of those creatures who consumed people with onenswallow and never let go. Mary didn't love Paulie, though. She wasnjust in love with her. The quick and violent end only intensified thenpassion. Hernyear out of school had been unproductive, yet promiscuous. Shenbrought men to her apartment often, hoping that if she wrapped hernskinny legs around the right one, he would fill the gap left insidenher soul. They never did. So instead, she prayed that one of themnwould knock sense into her and she would figure out where the hellnher senses had gone. Maybe one of them could hurt her enough thatnshe'd remember how to feel. Instead, they just made the woundndeeper and left her sore and lonely. She would wrap her arms aroundnher knees and cry mascara tears onto her bare skin and wait fornPaulie to show up. Maybe just once, Mary could be the one who got tonescape. ButnPaulie never came. The men never called. The wound never healed. Thenonly thing that always did exactly what it was supposed to was thencocaine.[Chapter 2] Therenwas some sort of pulsating hip hop beat vibrating her bones as Marynsat on the stained carpet with tattooing needles buzzing in her ears.nOne of the men she'd taking home in the past did tattoos in hisnspare time for extra cash when the dealing didn't bring enough in.nOr when he hadn't been laid in a while. There were easily sixtynyoung bodies thrashing against each other to the beat of some richnblack guy who was rapping about being poor in the apartment, but Marynpaid no mind. Tattooing always sent a kind of quiet through her wholenbody, causing the kind of eye-drooping apathy that most people takendrugs to get. Today, she was getting the word \"invictus\" on hernshoulder. She chuckled to herself bitterly when she told him what shenwanted this time because she knew how she was paying him. She'dnfuck him tonight, but at least it was something to do. 'Invictus'nis Latin for 'unconquered.' Irony at its best. Thenwalls were stained a deep yellow from all the smoke billowing fromnall the foul mouths who had passed through the den Mary had spent sonmany of her nights in. The buzz of the needle reached a more tendernspot and Mary turned her head, hoping for a slight distraction. Lyingnonly inches away was a white, spotted dog with more muscle thannanything else and the kind of face that reminded Mary of dog fights. \"Touchnher nose. It's so soft,\" some girl in a halter top and tight,nsecond hand jeans urged. The girl had a soft, stoned voice, but thenkind of face that screamed of desperation. She looked like she couldnhave once been someone's sweetheart. Marynsmiled up at her lazily and reached for the dog, stroking his nose.nIt was soft. Like a memory. \"What's your name?\" \"Kristin.nWait, you do mean me, right? Not the dog? I don't know the dog'snname.\" \"Hah,nI do mean you, Kristin. How's my tattoo looking back there, can younsee it?\" \"Yeah,nit's looking nice. Why'd you want him to put \"victim\" on you,nthough?\" \"Invictus.nNot victim.\" \"No,nhon, I'm pretty sure it says 'victim'\" \"Tony,nshe'd better be shittin' me. Spell out what you're puttin' onnmy back.\" \"V-I-C-T-I-M,njust like you said, M. You said t'me, 'Tony, suga, I want thanwor' 'victim' on m'back,\" the man behind Mary stated, ancigarette bouncing between his lips. Marynrolled her eyes at the depiction of her request. \"Huh. Well, atnleast it's more accurate. Oh well. Nice to meet you, Kristin, wasnit? You come here often? I'm here way too damn much.\" \"Thisnis the first time I've ever been here. My friend told me about it,nbut I can't find her. She said she had to meet a guy hours ago.\" Marynlaughed bitterly--she knew how easy it was to end up disappearing fornhours at parties like this. Was this a party? A gathering of fellownfailures with smoke spiraling in every corner of the room andntourniquets on tap, ready for anyone. Spoons littered everywhere andnstained mattresses lined up in the bedrooms. \"Yeah,nwell, don't wait for her, cookie. This apartment has a way ofnswallowing people whole.\" Secretly, she wished Kristin would runnout of the room right now while she could. But as the thought wasncrossing her mind, the chance was disappearing. Jona--another one ofnMary's old friends--approached Kristin with the kind of sultrynslink that got him into Mary's bed and offered to give her a ridenhome. It was obvious that Kristin had never met Jona, but it was alsonobvious that she wasn't about to turn him down. Vaselinenwas being rubbed on Mary's shoulder, smears of ink and bloodnsurrounding the ill-intended word now permanently scarred onto hernback. She was mesmerized watching Kristin and Jona. Her shouldersnslumped and her head turned to the side, Mary was in her own world.nAbsently, she bobbed her head to the song. \"Dance, fucker, dance,\"nthe song commanded. The Offspring. What a great idea. Marynwas so focused on everything else that she didn't even realizenTony's building anger behind her--Mary had a job pay for. \"You'ren'boutta put yo' hand on m'pant's zippa' and you betternimpress me this time, M. Get the fuck up.\" Sonshe did.[Chapter 3] Ifnshe stared at the empty wall long enough, Mary could pretend she sawnan open window, blue light pouring in and dew glinting on the sill. Ansoft wind would blow the leaves of the maple trees and a blue birdnwould peck at the seeds scattered on the ground. The foothills of thendistant mountains would peak up their silhouettes in the mist, makingnthe image jagged, but not threateningly so. \"Donyou have any Danielle Steele novels?\" A girl interrupted Mary'sndaydreaming. Mary focused her stare now on this blond interjectionnand saw sadness in her. This was a girl who had ended up in a lightnshe hadn't planned on. Perhaps she had once had her whole lifenfigured out. A plan. A goal. What had stopped her? She had the kindnof tired fat resting on her hips that suggested she had a child andnthe kind of apathetic bags under her eyes that proved it. Where as andeath had ruined Mary's world, a life had ruined this woman's. \"Ofncourse we have Danielle Steele, love. Come on, I'll show you wherenthey are.\" Her job in the book store was Mary's saving grace. Itndidn't pay enough to even make ends meet, but it provided a briefnglimpse of normality. All those books reminded her that success cannbe born from squalor. \"Herenyou go. Is there a particular book you were looking for?\" \"No,nthank you. I'll just find it myself.\" Secretly, Mary had hopednthis sad woman would need excessive amounts of help, busying andnentertaining her for the next several minutes. Perhaps the meetingnwould end with a swapping of phone numbers and they would becomeninseparable friends and the Danielle Steele reading woman would takenMary under her wing, providing Mary with a chance to get out of thisnrut she considered everyday life. Marynhad stood there too long; the woman kept giving her awkward sidewaysnglances and the chance to build a lasting bond had grown stale withnimplausibility. As she walked back to her wood paneled registernstation, she felt like she was walking on a tread mill set on thenlowest setting that was steadily sinking into a pit of sand. Just anfew more steps. Isnthis what I went to private school fore? To be praying for thenattention of a stranger? ","Summary":" Smokenfurled out of Mary's nostrils in scrambled spirals as she sat onnthe fire escape of her hole-"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Rearview Mirror","Author":"outwriter18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9107759","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Driver remembered many things, the small things, good things, bad things, wrong things, right things; things that were at once normal, before turning into something entirely out of his league. How Shannon's somehow decrepit, downtrodden, yet breathing shop had every tool under the sun needed to tear apart a car and put it back together again, or, at the very least, improve upon what was already there, but never extend past or build up its meager reputation. The underlying rush he would constantly refuse to acknowledge every job he took, legal and illegal alike. How when driving he could look ahead and behind without losing an inch even when thrown in reverse or stopped altogether. Unfortunately, an unsung rush wouldn't be enough. \"Oh, you two know each other?\" \"Don't.\" He remembered seeing her for the first time, but not really seeing her, at first just another person in just another apartment building, and how that changed, he still wasn't sure. Why he had helped her was beyond his comprehension. He wondered if it had something to do with the conversation he had overheard in the aisle over. The genuine, unadulterated love expressed in that spare conversation. It was unique, just as unique as her serene friendliness, the air of just wanting to make everyone she encountered feel comfortable with her presence or at least make their day a little brighter, without knowing it. Helping her hadn't been necessary , being neighborly hadn't been necessary , caring hadn't been necessary , but he'd wound up with a glass of water in her apartment anyway. He'd wound up becoming invested despite himself, enjoying the cartoons, being pleasant, accommodating, and wanting to be the good guy. Unfortunately, he was the shark. \"Just look at him; does he look like a good guy to you?\" But Driver still refused to forget the feeling of the sun warming his skin just so the breeze drifting off the river could cool it, the slapping sound of rocks skipping across the surface of the water accompanied by the impressed laughter of a six-year-old, the grateful laughter of his youthful mother. He remembered how his car had glided along the cement, smooth, sure, as though sharing in the tranquility of that past present moment. He was only supposed to give her a ride home, but he'd been unable to resist trying for something more . For once in his entire life, maybe he could do something worth more than job cuts with a side of minimum wage. Smiling just to see her smile, driving just to take some of her time, sitting to watch them be a family and feel like he was a part of it. Unfortunately, he was not. \"That was my husband's lawyer; he's coming home in a week.\" The smell of a cheap cup of coffee going cold as it tried to eliminate the iron scent of a grown man's, a father's, blood. The bitter, incessant taste of betrayal coating his tongue, the panic that stiffened his throat; even if he'd wanted, even if he could, he wouldn't have tasted the coffee. He didn't deserve the flavor. Didn't deserve her momentary confusion, her dimples, the eyes that almost seemed to stare right through him, seeing nothing but what he had given her to see, all he wanted her to see, warmer than honey. He could still feel the longing, knowing that when the job was done so was he, no longer necessary in her life. She wouldn't need him and his car, not anymore, and he was fine with that as long as a mobster kept his promise. Unfortunately, things weren't that simple. \"Standard was into some…guys in prison for a lot of money. And they were going to hurt you and Benicio if he didn't pay it. He asked me for my help. Everything went wrong. I'm sorry. I still got the money. You can have it if you wanted to. You can take Benicio…I just thought you could get out of here if you wanted. I could come with you. I could look out for you.\" The slap had hurt Driver more than his arm being speckled with shot, the echo reaching through his core to seize his mind, his throat, the back of his neck…his heart. He recalled with startling clarity the look on her face after he'd told her the truth, remembering the sliding of the elevator doors to his left, golden light revealing the trail of liquid salt down his cheek. Her lack of response had dug just as deep, but then he never got to hear her answer to the only full plea he had ever made in his life, the only one he had ever actually meant . Part of it, all of it, was his fault, but he had deemed the threat necessary to eliminate, the ferocity of it fueled by his own self-loathing in not being able to change certain aspects of most recent history. He hadn't even considered what her reaction would be. He had expected a scream, the receding pace of her running footsteps, but when they didn't come, he had wished that was exactly what she had done. The trepidation, sheer nausea and repulsion he felt for himself at her sheer silence; breathing was all he could do. Unfortunately, the implications of such an unwelcome visit were clear. \"They came to my apartment, Shannon. How'd they know where I live?\" Colder than the golden bullet that he had shoved down Cook's throat sat fury in his stomach. The abhorrence he had felt for what had been his agent, boss, and possible future partner hadn't stopped him from tapping into his stilted loyalty to the crippled man. He didn't like acknowledging Shannon as his friend ; it meant acknowledging his responsibility for what might happen. He didn't like going out of his element; but he didn't have much of a choice. Driver was not a hit man, but certain debts had to be paid. \"Did you bring the money?\" It was a simple question, followed by a speaking silence. Driver didn't need, didn't have to voice the answer. \"Here's what I'm prepared to offer. You give me the money, the girl is safe. Forever. Nobody knows about her. She's off the map. I can't offer you the same. So, this is what I would suggest. We conclude our deal. We'll shake hands. You start the rest of your life. Any dreams you have, or plans, or hopes for your future…I think you're going to have to put that on hold. For the rest of your life you're going to be looking over your shoulder. I'm just telling you this because I want you to know the truth. But the girl is safe…Where's the money now?\" \"It's in the car.\" \"Come on.\" First Nino, an easier target on the road; then Bernie, more a challenge sitting in a restaurant than anyone else he had executed in his lifetime. The knife had bit hard, and the pain of moving his injured arm had only further assaulted his senses. But his speed was not reduced. It didn't take him long to realize the knife was the same that had emptied Shannon, so he'd used it to empty Bernie Rose. The knife that had killed Shannon, the knife that bit into his own abdomen, was then returned to Bernie's collar, where it finished its course of action. Blood further stained the pristine white of Driver's jacket, but the golden emblem remained untouched, and somehow that was most important. He had thought he would die, his mind clouded by the things he remembered most, clearest: Warm sun, fluttering leaves, burbling river; stones, crawdad claws, cement; cartoon sharks, little blue sneakers, a ringing cellphone; shotgun shells, blood, cold coffee; short blond hair, soft lips, slim waist; fear, anxiety, anger; a final phone call, an answering machine, the confession; pleasantries, a predictable end, and, finally, pain. But as everything else did, the pain dulled with time, the blood clotting, the wound scabbing over. Driver blinked purposefully, resolutely. He wasn't going to die, despite how tired he felt. Already, he could feel the injuries begin to heal. Fortunately, driving took little energy – eyesight, coordination between gas, brake, clutch, gear shift…consciousness. But he knew how to drive, how to make those things and himself work. It was what he did. What he'd only ever done that was worth anything. No matter his destination, he'd reach it, even if he didn't know where it was. \"For the rest of your life you're going to be looking over your shoulder.\" With a review mirror constantly hanging above his head, it was hard to remember the last time he hadn't done just that. Author's Note: I recently became obsessed with Driver after watching it again recently; I'd seen it once before, but then after viewing it a second time I had to watch it a third, a fourth….a fifth…so on and so forth until I lost track of how many times I watched it. I bought the book it was based on and read it in an evening (granted, only 100+ pages), I read as much fan fiction as I could, as was available, but heck, even that wasn't enough to sate my obsession for this movie. So here is something I wrote to try to ease it…maybe. I know it's not very good; I know there are thousands of mistakes. I found them, some I fixed, others I left. It's not supposed to be grammatically correct…probably because I'm just too lazy to fix it, don't think I need to…and/or because I like it how it is. Rough and incomplete ;) I also wasn't intending to post it, but I figured, why not? Add another story to the archive, and increase my own \"library\" of sorts. I just had to take a break from my other project…and here is the result. Anyway, hope you (reader) at least enjoyed/hated it a little bit! Sorry too if this story is redundant…it's more a summary of the whole movie than anything else -_-' Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Driver remembered many things, the small things, good things, bad things, wrong things, right thing"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Enjoy The Silence","Author":"RalynnFrost","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8096336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Enjoy The Silence He didn't have to speak for her to know who it was quietly breathing on the other end of the phone line. He didn't have to touch her to give her that little electrical buzz humming along the length of her spine. And, as funny as the notion seemed to her, he didn't have to be there for Irene to know that he was. The diner was a picture of stillness in the wee morning hours where she shuffled a bus tub of dishes from her last table into the kitchen. One of the lights overhead flickered and crackled to temporarily betray the silence as the door swayed to a close behind her, a hinge lightly keening in protest from age and wear. Only one other soul occupied the place besides the short order cook that had stepped out back for a smoke; a haggard looking man of encroaching years with a grisly coat of coarse gray stubble over his jaw and a grease-stained trucker's hat pulled low over his weary eyes. He gave her a grateful nod when she wandered over to refill his coffee mug, she returning the gesture with her own shy smile in appreciation for the potent scent of the caffeine as the little waft of steam drifted up to her. As she took her wet rag to wipe down the tables, her shift slowly winding down to the end, that was when the sensation took possession of her imagination. Irene never saw him. Not so much as a wisp of his shadow. She never heard him speak another word after the last left on her voicemail counter - which she would never admit to, but had secretly kept saved if for no other reason than for proof that he had existed at all outside of her own lonely mind. Occasionally on the particularly harsh night when she was left wide awake and painfully alone in her bed, she would listen to his simple words time and time again just to remember the genuine rumble of the voice in his throat. He never darkened her doorstep in the dead of night however many times she knew there was someone lingering just outside and whipped the door open to empty space. But as surely as he was absent, she knew there were eyes upon her and to whom they belonged. A little smile slipped unbidden from her lips as she counted out how many jellies needed to be replaced in the condiment holder, wiping away the crust of dried ketchup from the bottle's nozzle, and doing her best not to look up when the light shining over the table's scratched shellac finish wavered with the motion of a stealthy body moving out of sight but never out of mind. On a whim she wondered if she could tempt him into showing himself. When her last customer of the night ambled outside, Irene faithfully cleaned up the pie plate of half-forgotten crumbs and the dollar-fifty in nickels and dimes left behind, but set a fresh cup of coffee out, simply black, exactly as she remembered him having taken it before. Having successfully greeted her relief for the next shift, counted up her tips for the night and folded her apron away, she punched out on the time clock and returned to find her coffee trap having gone undisturbed. So far as she could tell nothing had been touched, but another neatly stacked column of quarters mysteriously rested beside the plate upon which the unused beverage sat prompting another knowing smile. Her walk to the bus stop down the block was blissfully uneventful in spite of the handful of cat calls thrown in her direction from a grouping of young hoodlums that were more likely to be returning from a long night of prowling rather than just leaving for whatever day jobs they may have held. Her car had once again given up the ghost without provocation, but as she caught the gleam of a white jacket from the glass of a store front window in the farthest corner of her eye, gone without a trace by the time she turned to look, Irene knew that she could put her financial fretting over how to afford repairs to rest for the meantime. By the dawning of the next morning the old beater would again be miraculously revived, and there would be no witnesses or evidence as to how the magic had been cast. Such prospects should have made her happy, or in the very least given her some semblance of peace of mind, but events like that were usually the harbinger of another lengthy disappearing act. As suddenly as the feeling of being watched over could raise the fine hairs on the back of her neck, it would vanish just as quickly without any known reasoning behind the motivations. He would take a leave of absence for months at a time, moving along his own path at a pace of his own choosing, and she always knew better than to question the means by which that took place. After the day in elevator, Irene had done her best to repress some of the things that she had seen, and some of the things that she had become privy to. In a perfect reflection of how his presence managed to be so impossibly overwhelming and understated at the same time, his foreshadowed duality had also brought her to both the most blissfully passionate and horrendously traumatic moments of her life within the span of one solid minute. Sometimes she wished that she could forget everything about him all together. Put the past away and move on to something more normal… and functional . But that always turned out to be a foolhardy goal. Every time she closed her eyes his face was there to greet her, each and every contour mapped flawlessly in her memories with the feel of his roughly calloused fingers as they held hers. The clarity with which she could recall the subtle mask of his body heat radiating outward to envelope her was downright sinful. As was the power to remember the oil-tainted scent that would hallucinogenically cling to her nose long after a dream had ended fooling her into believing that he was still there, morphing a tenuously pleasant moment into one of fragile sadness. She knew why he had to leave, perhaps not the exact reasons, but Irene understood that it was in hers and Benicio's best interests to go their separate ways lest more undesirables enter their lives. That knowledge did little though to sway the longing that she still felt for the space at her side where he should have belonged remaining vacant. It didn't stop the expectations that she could turn around at any moment and find him waiting for her, or that she could open her door any day and see him reclined on the end of the sofa watching cartoons with her son as if he had been there all along. He had dug himself a hole deep in her heart that could never be filled by anyone else, and from that hiding place his haunting kept her alive. Even if it was only in her dreams when she doubted whether or not any of it was real. Irene paused in the hall to trail her fingertips over the doorway of his old apartment as she always did in passing. She was never sure if he had come to retrieve his things like the ghost that he seemed to be, tangible only in her musings, or if the complex's manager had thrown everything away, but she had been surprised into a brief state of catatonia one afternoon when passing by to see the door wide open and the area beyond completely barren being shown to another potential renter. Of course there was the possibility that it had always been empty, but she liked to think that he had kept at least a few ties to the world there. A toothbrush, a place to sleep, hopefully some clothes that weren't marred by grease on the sleeves or knees. Maybe even a book or two. He would never need much. Someone else had moved in since then. She sometimes ran into them on the elevator, or crossed paths in the garage, always polite but never really bothering to learn the new name. It was only an unwelcome reminder of what had gone before, and almost like a betrayal of his memory should she forget that for one second. A small brown box was waiting by the door of her apartment when she got there. She knew that she should have been surprised but she never was. Not really. There was never a return address or clue as to whom the sender may have been, but she already knew where the parcel had come from. Her nails tapped over the surface of the six scorpion stamps lined up in a neat row across the top, the perfect amount for the cost of shipping, never one less or more. They were always from a different state so that there wasn't a real way to pinpoint their owner's origin, and the place from which the package had been shipped long abandoned before anyone of interest could reach it. Inside there would be money. Bills of various values, some crisp and clean like they were fresh from the mint, others worn and slightly crumpled from the exchange of numerous hands, always orderly but never sequential or marked. Sometimes it would be more. Sometimes it would be less. A thousand here, or a few hundred there would always tell her when he was on the move again. The boxes would never arrive on any particular day or time, the only predictable thing about the event being that one would show up once a month like a belated gift or guilt-driven reparation. She would sigh when she opened it wondering if that would be the time that some of the bills would come with drops of blood on them. There never was, but as much as she wanted to believe that the money had been earned from him being elbows deep in somebody's car engine, the thought that it was equally possible for having come from criminal enterprises clawed at the dark recesses of her mind. Was it something that she could spend freely on a pair of shoes for her son? Or was it blood money that would lurk around her conscience for years to come? With another sigh she would shove the box into the alcove beneath her bed with all the others, not a single dollar having been spent as the only thing she could be sure of was that when the packages stopped coming he would really be gone for good. She stopped to nudge the sitter awake from where she had fallen asleep on the couch with the television on. After fishing out a stack of dollar bills to pay her with, Irene saw her out with a smile and checked to see that Benicio was still soundly sleeping in his bed. She had about an hour before he would wake with the rising of the sun to start another day. On time with her closing his bedroom door and padding towards her own the phone gave a single trilling call that startled her heart into a burst action. The unwavering sensation of being watched over stole away her focus for the second time that night. Irene swallowed hard over the tightening of her throat as she took a seat on the edge of her bed to wait. Her pulse hammered away behind her ribs, threatening to break free as her heart was arrested by a fit of tachycardia, and her hands trembled ever so slightly with the surge of adrenaline flowing through her veins. Her blood pressure climbed towards climax until it became a whistle in her ears to punctuate the silence at a pitch that only dogs should have been able to hear. There was only one person that was capable of making time stop and the whole of the world come to a standstill before them. The first ring hovered above her in mental echoes almost like another lucid fantasy harkening to the next so that she could answer without having to worry about the boy dreaming away in the next room waking. \"Hello?\" A long moment went by without her caller saying a solitary word and she knew exactly who it was on the other side of the line. A gentle shine twinkled in her eye as another smile lit her up from within to a golden glow. She knew that she didn't have long with him. Their calls were always measured down to the minute so that they couldn't traced, but she couldn't help but enjoy the silence and the comfort of simply being that could only be felt in his presence. He had always understood her without the need for verbal explanation; something that no one else had ever been able to, not even Standard. Something that she missed more than she was supposed to. \"Benicio started the first grade yesterday,\" she spoke to the stillness. \"He already made a friend.\" Irene could practically feel the serene smile spread across his lips, so reminiscent of the Mona Lisa in all of its mystery as though the world around him were somehow amusing to him in its lunacy. \"I, um, I'm trading shifts next week. Susan wants to go on vacation so I won't be home until late…\" They shared another drawn pause of peaceful silence listening to one another's tempered breathing in the background. As she was opening her mouth, about to say what she really wanted to aloud, there was a click of the line disconnecting. The droning of the dial tone accented the words that died on her lips. Irene replaced the phone on its stand, absent-mindedly touching her fingers to her lips as she did so remembering what they had felt like when pressed against his. How he had tasted the way that she had imagined. \"You were the best thing that ever happened to me too.\" She didn't have to speak for him to know who it was quietly breathing on the other end of the phone line. She didn't have to touch him to give him that little electrical buzz humming along the length of his spine. And he didn't have to be there for him to know where he belonged. Outside, in the street below, he stood up from where he had been leaning against the building's shadow. His features were a carefully composed mask of unshakable stoicism, but there a desperate sadness haunting the depths of the eyes that rolled upwards to the window that he knew was hers. Perhaps there would come a day when his job was done and they were finally safe to where he could return to that sense of comfortable normalcy that Irene and little Benic had afforded him, but it would be a long wait should it ever come. Nino should have known what kind of storm his actions would bring down on all of them, but while he had been stopped the clouds still gathered on the horizon. And then there was always the question that strangled his heart the most. Could it ever be the same? The phone vibrated in his hand, punctuating the silence and alerting him to the next step of the task at hand. \"I'll give you a five minute window,\" he answered calmly, marching ever onward into the darkness before the dawn. The end. ","Summary":" Enjoy The Silence He didn't have to speak for her to know who it was quietly breathing on the other"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"The plan","Author":"Davinahyde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7476628","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Irene opened the door of her apartment and right then the Driver saw how it could work. They had money now, enough money to live on. He could always find work. He was an adaptable guy. Her foot stepped on to the carpeting. He was going to have to tell her that he was with Standard when everything went sideways and the heist Standard was involved in went bad and some bad guys killed a grown man, a married man with a small child, like a dog. That was fair. She should know about all that. That knowledge could change everything. If it did, and she wanted no part of him, the Driver could have no argument with that. She needed to know, and he would tell her.. Her hand dropped her keys into her bag. If she was okay with giving it a try, he was okay with taking it slowly. If she was not okay with being with him, that was also okay and should be her choice. First, however, Irene and Benecio and he had to leave this place. This apartment building, this city, this disaster. The Driver had done the right thing, everyone had tried to do the right thing, and yet: everything had gone wrong. But now they had money. Now they had a chance. She stared into his eyes as he told her that he'd been there. Did she really understand that he hadn't betrayed Standard? That he hadn't betrayed her? He had done everything and still it wasn't enough. The only thing different was that now she wasn't married any more. She would need time to recover from Standard's death, but both he and Irene knew that she hadn't been married for a very long time. Irene's hand felt cold and dry as it slapped his face. That was okay. Completely understandable and he in no way blamed her or felt angry about it. He could give her time, as much time as she wanted. If she needed forever, she would have forever. There would be no pressure on his part about them. The only pressure was going to be that they had to leave — Irene and her son had to get out of here, now . The guys who set Standard up to die were bad guys, and sooner or later they were going to come to this place, to this building, to this floor, and they were going to hurt her and they were going to hurt Benecio, and that was not okay. Even if she never spoke another word to the Driver again, as long as she and her son left this building, left this city, left with him that would be okay. The doors to the elevator opened. A man was already on the elevator. She would speak to him again, though. Their one date had been short and stupid and overshadowed by the news from Standard's lawyer. But that night, she had talked to him. She had said so many things, about her, about Standard, about their marriage, about what it was like to live alone waiting for a man who was in jail. The Driver had always been a good listener. He had not so much as held her hand that night, because that would not have been right. She had been a married woman. The woman who got on the elevator was no longer married. The plan would work. He had the money in the car. She would finish with whatever she had to do that day, Irene would get Benecio, the Driver would get Irene and Benecio, and the three of them would go. Wherever she wanted. If she hated the sight of him and started dating other men, he could live with that, because he had watched Standard die and he knew some of her had died too. So that was okay. The Driver looked at the other man on the elevator. The other man had a gun in his waistband. The plan wasn't going to work. The Driver looked at Irene, at her beautiful, trusting face, and he knew that everything that was going to happen had to happen right now, because this was the only moment. He put his plan aside, that stupid crazy plan that had been rattling around his brain for the last thirty seconds. Because there was no plan. No use looking in the rearview mirror on this one. He kissed her. She tasted like everything he'd never had in his life. Like everything he'd ever wanted. Strange, how he'd never realized that it could be that completely perfect and true. As they kissed everything else went away: Standard's death, the money, the future, him watching Benecio playing Little League, her making chicken pot pie. It was all gone, in a minute, in one kiss. The guys who sent this man with a gun would never stop looking, would never stop trying to get their money. They'd made Standard's two thousand dollar debt into a twenty thousand dollar debt overnight. What would they do with a million dollars gone missing? Kill everyone in the world, maybe. That wasn't going to happen. The Driver turned to the other man in the elevator as the man reached for his gun. This, he knew how to do. This, he could make work. ","Summary":" Irene opened the door of her apartment and right then the Driver saw how it could work. They had mo"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Petits soucis domestiques","Author":"duneline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8196875","Passage":"[Chapter 1] J'ai eu envie de retrouver mes deux chouchous préférés dans une fic qui retracerait une scène de leur vie quotidienne. Une remarque juste et perspicace d'un lecteur de FFF.N m'a encouragée à écrire cette petite séquelle d' « Inexplicable choix ». Disclaimer : Les personnages ne m'appartiennent pas et sont la propriété exclusive de James Sallis et de Marvel. Je ne retire aucun bénéfice financier de cette histoire ! « Petits soucis domestiques » : Les rayons étaient vastes et bien fournis pour un petit drugstore. Ryan, parcourant des yeux et des doigts chaque paquet, méticuleusement, ne parvenait pas à faire son choix. Hésitant, il finit par se décider et s'empara d'un paquet bleu. Ce n'était pas la marque habituelle mais au moins, la taille était bonne. Il imaginait déjà Hal se rebiffer et arguer qu'il fallait toujours rester fidèle au premier modèle utilisé. Sinon, il y avait risque de perturber leur petit bout de chou de huit mois ! D'ailleurs, le principal intéressé, bien calé contre le torse douillet de son papa, dormait profondément. Ryan effleura, tendrement, le duvet blond qui poussait sur le crâne de l'endormi et un joli sourire insouciant sur ses lèvres, se dirigea vers la caisse. Comme d'habitude, des regards attendris et émus convergèrent vers le jeune père, visiblement célibataire, et des jeunes mères lui adressèrent des œillades complices. Ryan, indifférent aux discrets signaux de ces jolies femmes, paya ses courses et se rendit vers sa voiture. Sa belle et fidèle Datsun. Avec infiniment de précaution et d'affection, le jeune blond enleva le petit Tom de son berceau « provisoire » et le mit dans son siège auto, à l'arrière de la voiture. Au moment où il allait se débarrasser du harnais qui permettait d'avoir son fils contre lui, il se figea, en alerte. « -Ce n'est que moi, mon ange ! Murmura Hal, en l'enlaçant par la taille et lui déposant un baiser sur la tempe. Tes réflexes de « Driver » sont toujours aussi vifs ! » Ryan, détendu, se détourna pour rencontrer le regard de son Green Lantern. Il sourit, heureux et soulagé de le revoir après un mois d'absence. «-Tu es en permission ? Fit-il, avec une pointe d'espoir dans sa voix. Ou tu es seulement de passage ? Tu m'as manqué ! » Hal le dévisagea, avec un amour immense et l'embrassa, amoureusement, avant de répondre : « -Je suis venu te proposer de séjourner sur « Oa », pendant quelques jours, avec notre fils. Nous pourrions nous voir, après chacune de mes patrouilles. Un voyage dans l'espace, ça te tente, Ryan ? » Quoiqu'ayant appris à déchiffrer les mimiques et les expressions de Ryan, Hal s'interrogea sur le brusque regard insistant de son compagnon qui s'écarta de lui. La lueur sombre dans ses yeux bleus ne plut à Hal qui pressentit une discussion houleuse. «-Je veux bien. Accepta Ryan, surprenant Hal. Mais tu t'occuperas aussi de Tom quand tu ne seras pas en patrouille. Il serait dommage que ton fils ne te reconnaisse pas… » Hal y consentit avec un sourire plein d'amour. … Le ciel d' « Oa », planète des Gardiens, était d'un pur vert luminescent. Des tours translucides et des petits appareils volants complétaient la vue dont bénéficiait la maison de Ryan. Tom dans les bras, le jeune blond observait le va et vient des astronefs des autres Green Lantern et un bâtiment médical. Des souvenirs affluèrent à son esprit et parlant à son bébé, Ryan fit, doucement : « -C'est dans ce grand bâtiment que tu es né. Papa Hal a convaincu les Immortels de te donner le jour dans une couveuse. Avec leur immense savoir, ils ont su te donner la vie à partir d'une cellule de ton père Hal et d'une des miennes. C'est pour cela que tu ressembles à Hal, tout en ayant mes cheveux blonds et mes yeux bleus. » Le nourrisson, de ses grands yeux calmes, écoutait la voix tendre de son père qui le berça. « -Il va avoir ton caractère, je crois. Supposa Hal, en surgissant dans le salon, les cheveux ébouriffés. C'est le bébé le plus calme que je connaisse ! » Il venait, apparemment, de se lever. Ryan enveloppa la silhouette du brun, d'un regard plein de tendresse et d'indulgence. Son compagnon s'en aperçut et lui sourit, s'approchant. « -Si nous allions revoir le lieu de naissance de Tom, aujourd'hui ? Proposa-t-il, en prenant leur fils dans ses bras. J'ai envie de passer la journée avec vous deux. » Le bébé gazouilla et posa un regard serein sur son super héros de père. « -Ce serait cool ! » Fit Ryan qui, allant dans la chambre du bébé, prépara le nécessaire pour la visite. … Hal cajolait son fils, lui parlant et lui faisant des « poutous » lorsqu'il entendit Ryan crier : « -Je ne trouve pas les couches, Hal ! Je suis pourtant sûr de ne rien avoir oublié ! » Consterné, le jeune blond sortit de la chambre et un air soupçonneux sur ses traits, questionna Hal : « -Tu les as enlevés du sac ? » Un Hal, penaud et rougissant d'embarras, balbutia : « -Ce n'étaient pas ceux avec les petits oursons. Tu sais bien que Tom préfère ceux-ci. Je les ai ôtés du sac de voyage. Je pensais aller en prendre d'autres, avant de partir. Mais comme toi et moi, nous avons fait…Ben, tu vois…Cela m'est complètement sorti de la tête ! » L'aveu du jeune brun laissa pantois Ryan dont l'incrédulité se devinait aisément sur son visage. La Terre et les couches étaient à des milliards de kilomètres d' « Oa » ! « -Ce n'est pas grave, Hal. » Rassura le jeune blond, en lui donnant un baiser sur les lèvres. Récupérant Tom, il s'installa sur le divan du salon. Hal, soulagé, voulut s'asseoir à côté de sa famille. Mais il se figea, les yeux écarquillés quand Ryan ordonna, avec un sourire : « -Tu vas aller chercher les couches, Hal. Puis n'oublie pas de prendre du lait en poudre et une nouvelle sucette pour Tom. Tu sais, celui avec d'adorables oursons. » Effaré de devoir faire des distances faramineuses pour une histoire de couches, Hal tenta d'amadouer son amant : « -Mais on peut, sûrement, faire sans les couches. La sucette attendra ! Je suis sûr que les autres Gardiens nous dépanneront ! Il doit bien exister d'autres moyens pour changer Tom ! » Mais Ryan, implacable, refusa et sarcastique, rappela à son amour : « -Non, tu sais très bien que cela va perturber notre bébé. Non. Il faut les couches avec les petits oursons. Nous t'attendons ici. Dépêche-toi sinon, tu devras assumer les conséquences fâcheuses de mère nature. » Devant cette menace, Hal dut se résoudre à se rendre sur Terre pour ramener des couches. Soupirant, marmonnant et grommelant, il monta à bord de son astronef et décolla d' « Oa ». Ryan, voyant le vaisseau de son Green Lantern décoller, eut un rire amusé et malicieux. Fin. Reviews ? ","Summary":" J'ai eu envie de retrouver mes deux chouchous préférés dans une fic qui retracerait une scène de le"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"It Goes On","Author":"rapid-apathy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7533729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This starts directly after the movie ends. OOO i. Things go wrong on jobs. It happens. He drives. ii. There's blood on you, she says looking at him as he walks in the door. He blinks and walks to an open booth alongside the large diner window. Headlights flash by in a slow staccato from the road outside. Hey, the waitress says, placing her hand on Driver's arm. You ok? There's blood on you. He looks at her hand then back at her. Tripped, he says. iii. Driver thinks about her sometimes. He will see a young mother bring in her son to the garage and hear his familiar childish wonderment with the garage lift and tires and his delightful flinches and starts from the shrill pitch of the drills and hopes she is okay and that the boy is doing well and how it would be nice to see them. He doesn't think about her much though. Not that he don't want to. He just never thought about anyone too much is all. iv. Warm night with the window half down and the radio on but he hears nothing. Her fingers intertwined in his as he drove nowhere and the boy in the back seat played with the toy truck Driver had bought him and the entirety of all that was the world was right now or it never was. In the cinema print of the scene (canted light, soft white skin) he thought he might actually be able to feel their love for him and the possibility of one day being able to return it kindled a warmth in dim recesses of his mind until the waking world greeted him back to the comfortable embrace of nothingness and he got up and got a glass of water and then went back to bed. v. He drives for almost two days non-stop only stopping at a diner or two to eat and gas up until he was in Arizona. He holes up in a Motel 6 for a few weeks and eats Mexican food from the roach coach that parks across the street and eventually finds a less than reputable garage who needs a mechanic. The proprietor is a short guy, maybe in his fifties, with thin strangles of white hair covered by a grease stained blue Miller Lite baseball cap. He looks at Driver through squinted eyes, sighs and rubs his loose neck. Can you work transmissions? Yeah, I can. What I really need right now is a transmission guy. I can do transmissions. He stares off out in the sun drenched parking lot outside the garage for a moment and thinks about it. Alright, come in tomorrow round eight. He pulls his cap back and scratches his head. Pays seven bucks an hour until you prove to me you ain't a complete cum stain wastin' my time. Eight, then. Good thing about working in garages is they don't ask a lot of questions or get too pushy on legalities if you're reliable and can speak Spanish and can keep your mouth shut. Everyone there wasn't supposed to be there according to one government agency or the other and everyone knows not fuck with anyone's shit. After a few months there Driver knows Juan and his cousin George are wanted in Utah for grand larceny and attempted murder, Ray, Carlos and Marcus are from over the border. Proprietor turns his garage into a hot off the lift strip shop after hours. These are all things he sees and never says. To plan your strategy, to map your route you need to be detached and observe without sticking out and these are things Driver excels at. vi. He'd go see her maybe, he thinks. It'd been a year. Would they even be in LA still? She probably didn't want to see him and he knew that. That was okay. He didn't want nothing from her. Just to see her. See how big the boy had gotten. Maybe go for a drive. vii. A makeshift street race wins him two grand to buy a new ID from a guy Juan and his cousin used. A quick drop on the clutch in a 87 Impala he'd spent weeks working on put some Mexican kid's low rider piece of shit El Camino to shame as they took a rather sharp curve. Impala lost a little tread on its wide tracks. Low rider met a street lamp pole to its side door. viii. He tracks her new address to a small apartment in Santa Monica. He watches the building while parked across the street. Observes. He wants to make sure no one is watching and maybe because he don't know what to do or what to say. He just wants to see her. Hours pass and he starts to wonder if she is really inside or not. Then, the door finally opens and she steps out. Blond to the shoulders milk skin angle. A man walks out past her as she stands near the doorway and kisses her on the cheek and leaves. ix. I just wanted you to know I wasn't lying when I said you were the best thing that happened to me. I think about you sometimes. Hope you and the kid are doing alright. I just wanted to check on you and give you these. It took awhile, but I got twenty cashier's checks. I'm sorry for everything. Well, I never know what to write in these things, so I guess I'll just say good-bye. x. Things go wrong on jobs. It happens. He drives. ","Summary":" A/N: This starts directly after the movie ends. OOO i. Things go wrong on jobs. It happens. He driv"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"On The Far Side","Author":"S. Winter-Fitzgerald","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7986774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author note: Driver, Irene, Benicio and the other characters you recognise from the film don't belong to me obviously; I just took the liberty to shape some of their thoughts and some parts of their lives. As it is stated, the quote before the text doesn't either. The tile of the chapter was taken from the song by Kavinsky & Lovefoxx that is part of the soundtrack of the film. I hope you enjoy it. Reviews will be highly appreciated. \"These memories sustained him, but not so easily. Too often they reminded him of where he was when he last summoned them. They lay on the far side of a great divide in time, as significant as B.C. and A.D. Before prison, before the war, before the sight of a corpse became a banality.\" Ian McEwan , Atonement xxx Maybe it isn't too late yet to go to the hospital, he guessed, pressuring the wound on the right side of his abdomen, his hand covered in deep-red blood. A stab wound would raise questions, obviously, and would very probably have to be reported to the police but he could always throw his wallet into a dumpster and say that he had been mugged. No. He would keep on driving as nothing had happened. He was still capable of it. The reflection on the rearview showed him a much paler version of himself, his hair seemed glued to his forehead and his hands were clammy, but he could continue reasonably well for a while more, time enough to take him to that secondary road that would very probably be empty by then. Everything would be well in the end. He had really enjoyed those late night drives with Irene around town. A great part of them had been spent in silence, that kind of comfortable one that unites instead of diving because words simply aren't needed, and he still remembered her hand on his when it was resting on the gear handle. How simple and natural it felt, even despite everything they had left behind every time they walked out of the door. He had also really enjoyed being at her apartment watching cartoons with Benicio or just staying there, watching mother and son play, well before everything started to get out of control to a point from onwards it couldn't ever be right again. He was missing both those things to a degree that lead him to covet the time they couldn't have had before. This surprised him immensely but there wasn't much he could do. It might not be too late to go to the hospital, but it was definitely too late to try to amend the situation. Even though it had earned him the hardest slap he ever got in his life, he was strangely glad he had told Irene the truth about Standard's death, that he had offered to take both her and Benicio and run away if she wanted to do so, but he was even gladder for having told her goodbye although he hadn't heard from her ever since. Standard had died and not only there was anything that could change that as there was nothing he could have done to prevent it at the scene from happening either, but the burden was too heavy to let him go forward. Besides, he couldn't think only of Irene. Benicio liked him and he was fond of the kid too. He might be too little to know the full story but he would grow up and would ask questions about his father's death eventually. How could they look at each other then? One wouldn't be able out of shame and remorse and the other couldn't out of disgust and rage. Despite what happened now, he was responsible for getting Standard killed. Irene would be left torn between them and he would never compete with motherly love. No, he couldn't put both of them through any of that. His role in Standard's death would always hang over them, menacingly. The body count he had left behind was too high already to let him live in peace with his conscience and allow him to welcome any shot at happiness, even though he didn't regret everything that he had done completely. His intentions had been the best. When Standard came home, he acknowledged that he had probably lost Irene and Benicio forever, but he couldn't let anything bad happen to them. That was why he had wanted to help him in the first place. The possibility that he was someone who had paid for his mistake and that was now trying to be a better man, father and husband had never been a big part of the equation. The impulse to protect them was much stronger than any selfish inclination he might had had. He had truly wanted to bring Standard home in one piece, give the money to whoever was demanding for it and get over with it all. He never wished for Cook, Blanche, Nino, Bernie and all the mess they brought along. He wasn't oblivious to the risks attached; that's what you get from being in business with people like those but he had harbored some hope things could be solved at once. Standard had been collateral damage and so had Blanche. He didn't care particularly for her and yet he didn't mean to get her killed but the two guys that had shot their way into the motel room had been taken down for pure survival reasons. It was either him or them. Live or die. The same reason prodded him to end up killing the guy who rode the elevator with him and Irene, ready to finish him or even both. He had probably lost her when she saw what he was capable of but he couldn't let him walk around free, ready to accomplish his mission at any time. No. He didn't regret that but he was even less remorseful about having killed Nino. He wanted to be the mafia big-shot but he was pathetic. Dangerous, it was true, but pathetic. There…Laughing and drinking while many lives had been ruined because of him and how many were being at that same exact moment. No. It was a drop in the ocean but it was one less of his kind walking the face of the Earth. He barely recalls how he got home. How he was able to drive, when his hands were shaking so much, his legs were trembling and his breath was so fast he could hardly take any at all. In front of them, he kept this weakness at bay, but when that apparent ruthlessness disappeared, he was nothing more than a guy in the middle of something way over his head, a feeling always very heavy but that seemed that would smother him when he saw Shannon on the floor by a car. Blood coming from a wound on his forearm soaked his clothes and he was very still but even though the rational part of the younger man told him that the other was dead, the emotional side prodded him to check his pulse. He had warned him to get out of town so much he had been mad at him. 'You're being overreacting, Kid; I'll talk to Bernie and we'll solve this'. Even if it had given him a limp that would last for his lifetime, Shannon hadn't learnt his lesson at first and it ended up killing him. From all those that had died, Shannon had been the one that had cost him the most. They weren't exactly friends but they got along well and he owned him having accepted him no questions asked, indirectly allowing him to stay in LA. His had been the first workshop he had come across. He was only looking for a job as a mechanic; the rest came by chance – both the stunt work and the getaway driving arrangements. He signed up for both. He hadn't much to lose and despite not being a man of big expenses, money always comes in handy. He was quite indifferent to the heists, just wanting those five minutes to end, preferably without any police involved, but there were times when he almost liked doing the stunts, even though he didn't watch the films afterwards and fame didn't do much for him. The hoard of make-up artists and assistants of all kinds lurking from every corner didn't either. He had gone out with a couple of them but that had been it. He wasn't a man given to great passions or thrills whether for things or people. Until Irene came along, that is, and he couldn't quite know why. He had never dwelled much on its reasons but now that he was thinking of it, he guessed it had something to do with the balance between her fragility and her strength and her really tight sense of reality that despite it all still allowed her to wonder «what if». He was less sure of things now and was finding concentration extremely difficult but the name «Bernie Rose» kept running around his head, stubbornly, tempting him to think about everything he was wanting to forget once again. Bernie Rose. He of the smooth talk and the undercover menaces, the great plans and always, in his own words, the better option. He wished he had taken another look at Irene's face, had entered in a last blinking contest with Benicio, had been able to come home one last time. In the end, Bernie had been right. Any dreams he had, any plans would have to be put on hold. But the girl would safe and he wouldn't have to be looking over his shoulder for the rest of his life. xxx Irene had thought a lot about what to do next. Her decision was even harder because of her son and how Standard's memory and feelings for him were so poignant. At the same time, she couldn't pretend that knowing that he'd do whatever it took to protect them hadn't mover her. It had been brutal, violent and cruel but it had been heartfelt and it wasn't his fault that everything had gone so wrong. She knocked on the door but got no answer. Her heart tightened. Maybe he hadn't indeed come back from whatever he had to do. AN: I'm aware that both a film and a book sequel are scheduled so Driver didn't die but I had this idea for a while because that was my impression right after the film ended. For me, Driver had bled to death while keeping on driving. Besides, Nicolas Winding Refn reportedly filmed a scene where the Driver actually dies after he and Bernie stab each other. It was said to be used during an early test screening. It's also true that part of the uniqueness of the film may reside in the fact that we know so little of these characters and yet we end up rooting for them and taking an interest in their lives but I've found myself building this other portrait of what Driver might had been before coming to Los Angeles. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Reviews will be highly appreciated.[Chapter 2] Author note: Driver, Irene, Benicio and the other characters you recognise from the film don't belong to me obviously; I just took the liberty to shape some of their thoughts and some parts of their lives. Vera, on the other hand, does. I'd also like to warn that I have never been to Soda Springs and that I'm not familiar with police protocol apart from what I see in films, so I must ask you to forgive any inaccuracies. The tile of the chapter was taken from the song by Riz Ortolani featuring Katyna Ranie that is part of the soundtrack of the film. I hope you enjoy it. Reviews will be highly appreciated. The police department of Soda Springs, Idaho, only had 6 officers, who were more used to bar brawls, occasional scams and drunk drivers. Tim Gordon was the officer who had taken that call, but he really wish he hadn't. He knew the people involved too well, as it almost always happened in that town. Doug McKay wouldn't have wanted it either but he was more open to accept things as they were than his colleague, something life had thought him and that he was sure that Timmy would learn later on too. They rode the car in silence, as they had been when they got the news, put their hats on and headed out. « I still can't believe it», Tim said before letting his colleague knock on the white front door of the one storey house with a well-kept lawn and canopies over the windows. «If you can't take it, imagine them.» He knocked in that mild and yet firm manner he had unconsciously saved for these situations. The women that opened the door was in her late 50s, had her blonde hair hold by a banana clip and had blue eyes. She had been very pretty when she was younger and age had been kind to her. The practical clothes she was wearing were different from the twin-set/skirt combo they used to see her in. She was smiling but her gaze hardened when she saw them. «Vera. How are you?» She remained silent, something completely opposite from the friendly way she devoted to the costumers and even the employees of the diner she owned. «May we come in?», he asked. Doug was sure Tim wouldn't say a word. Maybe it would have been better if he had stayed at the station, because he doubted he would be of any help. She swallowed dryly and made room for them to enter, closing the door after the officers, who had taken their hats off meanwhile - Doug had to elbow Tim for him to do it. The woman led them to the living room, through halls with photographs of happy times on the walls, the smiling faces overlooking them from their wooden frames. «Sit down...There's no need for you to stand up...Would you like some coffee?», her voice was so low they could barely hear her. Vera's thoughts were running fast through her mind, every scenario more catastrophic than the one her brain had come up just a couple of seconds before. «There's no need, Vera.» Silence took over the room, as she sat down. «I'm afraid we have bad news.» Tim looked like he was being swallowed by the deep green couch and Vera tightened her grip around the trim of the armchair she was sat on. «It's about Michael…he died. » I'm so sorry.» It seemed like Vera had been struck by lightning. Her body was shook from the top of her head to her feet and a primal scream left her mouth but after this first reaction she didn't do or say a thing. The younger officer had finally broken down and had tears rolling down his face, despite his efforts to wipe them away with his fingers. Doug kept still, his eyes glued to the floor. There wasn't much he could do. «How?» Vera said after many minutes of silence. «In a car accident …», Doug wasn't sure if he should tell her the entire story , « … he was also stabbed in the abdomen… nobody knows how he got it yet» – she would know eventually. She took the hardest breath she had ever taken in her entire life. Michael. Her Michael. How could he be dead? And what had he been up to that had gotten him stabbed? She loved Johnny, of course, but Michael was her darling little boy. He was her darling little boy, even though he was 27 years old. Her older son was all loud and brash ways like his father as were his dark hair and eyes while Michael had inherited her quiet manner, her thoughtfulness and the need of his own space like he had gotten her blonde hair and the blue eyes. «When will you return, dear?», she had asked him during Thanksgiving dinner, the last time he had come home. «I don't know, Mom. I'm okay, don't worry.», her son had assured her, with a hand on her shoulder. Michael hadn't left home because he had big dreams of stardom. He had no big dreams, period. He hadn't left home to escape abuse or a shady reputation either. He just wanted to leave. And so he left, taking with him a suitcase, the unique way with cars he had and the 1973 Chevy Malibu he had restored during high school. «Why don't you want to go to college? We have some money saved for it. It's not enough to send you to a famous school but I've done some research and I've found out the Boise State engineering program is very good. You don't need to work with you father after it, Michael. Don't mind what he says… he already has your brother, it's enough.» «I really don't want it, Mom. I'm sorry, if I'm disappointing you. I truly am. See you soon», he said kissing her on the cheek before entering his car and driving off. She didn't want him to go to college, if he didn't want to. No. No matter how much she would have loved telling her costumers and friends that he was her engineer son and go on about the great things he would do, she put her sons' happiness over anything else. Michael had called her from Odgen,ID, Salt Lake City, St. George and Las Vegas before calling her from Los Angeles. She had even visited him once and it had been interesting but she'd rather live in Idaho. She needed the quiet piece of her city, the familiar memories and faces around the corner. «Has any girl caught your eye yet?», she asked him often. He had always said «no, not really» until that Thanksgiving. Michael had kept mum but his earnest smile spoke louder than anything he could have said. «What's her name?» «Oh, no. I'm not going down that road.» She knew he would eventually but even if he wouldn't, she had never seen that look on his eyes. «Irene», he muttered under his breath. «What?» - Almost an hour had passed after her question and she was caught so off guard she had to put her fork down and stop eating her pie. «Where did you meet her?» «At my building.» «Is she your girlfriend?» «Stop it, Mom. She's a friend.» «Oh, I see. That's why you started talking about her…» He had never mentioned her again during any of his rare phone calls but Vera wondered about what had become of her. She would have liked to meet her very much. It was a very motherly thing to say but she was certain this girl would have to be special somehow or she wouldn't have caught Michael's eye otherwise. «I'm so sorry, Mrs. Smith. So sorry.», Tim managed to say at last. «He was one of the best people I've ever met and I'll never forget what we went through… good or bad. We drifted apart after highschool, but I ran into him during Thanksgiving and it seemed like he hadn't changed him much. »I'm so sorry, Mrs. Smith. I know it's not much and I can't even imagine what you're going through, but I'm really sorry.» Vera took his hand between hers. «It's okay, Tim.» «Is John at the garage?» , as Tim had gone to school with Michael, Doug had been his parents' colleague. «Yes… He is and so is Johnny, I guess.», she paused for a moment, «Oh, God. How can I tell him? He hasn't been well. His heart…» «We will help you, don't worry.», Doug tried to assure her, «Do you want me to call him?» «No. I'll do it….», Vera cleaned her eyes with her hands and went to fetch the phone from the hall. «John?», they heard her say. It was something too personal to be said with an audience, so both of the officers stayed in the living room, «John… I need you to come home.» AN: I hope you enjoyed it and that you tell me you thought of it. :)[Chapter 3] Author note: Driver, Irene, Benicio and the other characters you recognise from the film don't belong to me obviously; I just took the liberty to shape some of their thoughts and some parts of their lives. Vera, on the other hand, does. The tile of the chapter was taken from the song by College feat. Electric Youth that is part of the soundtrack of the film. I hope you enjoy it. Reviews will be highly appreciated. The knock on the door startled Irene. She had fallen asleep on the couch and the sudden noise almost made her jump out of her skin. She looked at her watch as she rubbed the sleep off her eyes. 3.25pm. She and Benicio had had lunch, she had cleaned up the kitchen and then she had sat a bit on the couch watching some tv but she hadn't been sleeping well and ended napping. Her son wasn't there but hearing the flush told her that he was in the bathroom. She was surprised because she wasn't expecting any visitors and it was still too soon for Wendy to come stay with Benicio. Or… but as fast as the wish appeared it also went away. It couldn't be. Almost a week had gone by without any news. Irene shook her head as if she was trying to shake the idea away too and got up. She opened the door. «May I help you?», Irene said to the unknown blonde woman in front of her, dressed in black skirt and grey twin-set, with a pearl necklace around her neck and with her hair tied in a ponytail. «uh… Irene?», she asked hesitantly. «Yes…» The older woman found her young and very pretty even if the tiredness had drawn black half-moons under her eyes. «... I'm Vera Smith…You don't know me, but you met my son… Michael.» That made no sense to her. Michael? But… Michael. She had never asked him his name and he had never told it to her spontaneously but of course he had to have one. Irene had met him once by the mailboxes and had caught a glimpse of the receiver field of a letter he was holding. «Micha» was what she was able to see, the rest hidden behind his thumb. She never called him by his name. When she wanted to catch his attention she'd say 'hey', 'listen' or 'look', as Benicio did, or she'd just say nothing, simply waiting for him to look at her. Even when they were by themselves, she never said his name. She wasn't even sure that was his name. But there was nothing left to doubt about now. His name was Michael Smith. His name had been Michael Smith, the clothes his mother was wearing told. When her brain drew that conclusion the breath she was taking got stuck. «Are you alright?» She finished it and nodded. «Come in.» Her son was already sitting at the living room, playing with his toys. «Benicio, go play inside while I talk to this nice lady, okay?», Irene asked with a weak smile. Another child might have attempted to protest but he had always been very observant and he could see that his mother was upset. He picked his toys up and did as he was being told. Irene closed the door behind Vera and pointed the couch. So the girl had a son. Vera could imagine Michael playing with him. He had always been very good with children. When there were weddings or birthdays or another kind of get-togethers she could always find him if she followed the kids since a very young age. They wouldn't be climbing him and holding on to his back but he would come up with simple games that would keep them interested and entertained for hours like blinking challenges or trying to find out who would be able to not laugh for the longest. «You'll be so good with yours», she had told him many times as he played with his nephew and his niece. But there wouldn't be any children of his. Ever. She swallowed dryly. Sometimes the possibilities forever postponed were harder to take than his absence. «Sit down, please. Can I get you something? Coffee, tea, water?» «Coffee is fine, thank you.», Vera answered, still with a weak voice. She wasn't very eager to have it but all those years at the diner had taught her the important role of a cup of coffee to break the ice or feed the dynamic of the conversation, whether it is something trivial or deep and life-changing. Irene went to the kitchen and tried to prepare it. Her hands were trembling so much she spilled some water and couldn't help avoid hitting with the kettle in the counter. Vera didn't say a word either. Silence was overwhelming but both knew that their conversation couldn't happen from one room to the other. Talking normally would be difficult, painful even, but yelling from one end to the other wasn't an option. Irene brought a tray and put it on the centre table. She signaled for Vera to pick a cup and then picked the other for herself. She had a knot in her throat that made it very difficult to wish for anything to drink but she was glad for having the cup between her hands. Vera took a deep breath and a sip of her coffee before speaking. «Something tells me that you already know what has happened.» Irene nodded. She barely could think of it; putting it in words was impossible, at least for that moment. She felt tears starting to form but she couldn't let them out. Not so soon, especially when the woman in front of her had lost her son. She couldn't even imagine what she'd do if something happened to Benicio. She was very pragmatic but found herself knocking on the wood of the structure of the couch surreptiously. «I came to Los Angeles to recognize him, put things in order and take him home. » Every single word came out as slowly, violently and painfully as if they were stabbing her. «But I couldn't go back to Idaho without meeting you. No… I couldn't. My husband and my older son don't understand why I insist upon this so much but Michael spoke so highly of you. I mean, he didn't say much, he never said much, but from what he said I knew you were special to him… Very special. He didn't say much but there was this look in his eyes…» a wistful smile flashed from her face, «very frank and earnest that just couldn't lie.» «I really wish we would have met under so much better circumstances» , it was something stupid to say but Irene was trying to process the words of her guest. A couple of months had passed but she hadn't been able yet to understand the complex place he had had in her life, how she regarded and even thought she loved him but also how she loved Standard and was really happy he had come home, how she would have given the world to have him safe and sound at home, even if it meant never seeing Michael – naming him was so strange to her -, never seeing Michael again but knowing that we was alright as well and now he was gone. «Me too, me too.» «How…did he…», she couldn't bring herself to say it but she would have to eventually. Vera saw how difficult it was and didn't leave her finish her question. «He had a car accident but it was result of a stab wound. He didn't get help and he entered in shock, what made him incapable of driving, of doing anything, in fact.» It had to have something with Standard's death and everything that happened afterwards, the guy stalking them, those things too dangerous for him to tell her about but that she could sense nevertheless. Result of everything that had happened because he wanted to protect her and Benicio, in the first place. «He was the kindest and most selfless person I've ever met», she had jumped around this idea for a while and it came naturally out of her mouth, « When my husband came home from jail…» Vera was the one taken aback now. It had been surprising enough to find out that the girl had a son, even though single mothers weren't that rare, but finding out that Michael had fallen for a married woman, and who was married to a man in jail floored her. Irene saw the look on her face and stopped for a while. «It's a very complicated story… That I will only tell if you want to hear it, and if I'm sure that it won't change the image you have of your son», her voice was almost a murmur by now, though she knew that there was too much already said to leave the other woman indifferent. «No», she declared, «I want to know it. Mothers don't know everything about their children, no matter how much they want to pretend they do.» «When we met, he didn't know that I was married. I had told him that Benicio's father was in jail but I hadn't told him that we were still together until the lawyer called to say that Standard was coming home in a week, sometime after», Irene wanted to clarify that, she wanted to make sure that Vera knew that she had been the one keeping a secret and that Michael hadn't forgotten the education she was sure his mother had given him, « My car broke, he helped me and things went on from there. I was feeling lonely, I guess, he and Benicio got along very well… and I never put an end to it. Everything felt so natural. We barely talked even when we were alone and it never went beyond something platonic. », as awkward as it might be, that was another point she felt mandatory to mark. Vera looked at her, assured. Irene didn't judge her. She knew how these things were; she wouldn't be the first to point out a flaw in her son either, and took it as a sign to carry on. «Things were going well. When I was told that Standard was coming home we found ourselves a bit lost, I think, even though we both knew that I wasn't going to leave my husband and start things over together. I still loved him, in the end… We drifted apart for that week but we met eventually. We were neighbors, after all, and Benicio had talked a lot about him to his father. »Now that I look back, I come to think that I don't know if Standard picked up that there was more to us than just being friendly neighbors or was just pretending he didn't…», Irene stopped. Even though she had been struggling with it for a while, the realization of her guilt had never been so strong and overwhelming. It was an old debate, but in that moment she felt that she had betrayed Standard more than if she had ever slept with Michael. » I didn't shy away from meeting him. As weird and wrong as it may seem, I liked it, and craved for it. It reminded me of a simpler time, even considering everything. And I could see that he liked it too. Our situation had changed but we hadn't.» Irene took a sip of her coffee as if to gain balance to keep talking. She was about to reach the point from which onwards the life of them all had changed. «One day, I came home from work and Standard was hurt and bloody. Back then, I didn't know the truth… He told me that some drunken kids had beaten him but it wasn't like that, I know now. A couple of days later, the police was at my door, telling me that he had been shot at a pawn shop that it seemed that he had tried to rob. », she stopped holding back the tears and had some streaming down her face now. Irene put the cup of coffee down and tried to weep them off with her fingers, resting her hands on her lap afterwards. Vera put a hand on her forearm. The day Tim and Doug had knocked at her door to give her the news had been the worst of her life and Michael hadn't done anything like that, at least as far as she knew, even though she had learnt that afternoon that her son had some very recentscars on his right arm and the story Irene was telling her lead her to start acknowledging that there was indeed a lot to her sons' life she couldn't have even fathomed before. She had stopped trying imagining what was to be in another people's shoes in any given situation since, but she was sure about how difficult it had been to the girl and to her son. «Michael came to see me later that night…», Irene was crying again but she didn't made an effort to hide it anymore, «…He wanted to tell me the truth. There was this man who was demanding for some money from Standard, for protection in prison or something like that, and that he would hurt me and Benicio if he didn't pay. He told me that Standard had asked him for his help but that everything had went wrong. He apologized and said that he still had the money. It was mine for the taking if I wanted. I didn't. I couldn't. Ever. I slapped him. As hard I could. I was really angry at him. The father of my son had died, and he was there… in front me, alive and well, given the circumstances. He kept talking as if it didn't happen but I could see that he was very embarrassed, upset and tired. I could take the money and Benicio and leave. He would come with me if I wanted him to, he could look out for me. I couldn't say a thing. It was all so fresh and raw. I had lost so much that day and yet it seemed like I was being given another shot, all at once. » Vera was crying now too. This was the Michael she knew. She still had her right hand on Irene's forearm but used her left hand to open her purse and fetch a handkerchief from it. The young woman nodded and Vera used both her hands to wipe her eyes, after offering a handkerchief to Irene. «I knew it was bad, that the situation hadn't been completely solved because right after, there was this guy at the elevator…I didn't notice it right away but, Michael got really tense and he pushed me to get behind him. I wasn't getting what was happening but I didn't do a thing and moved. They started fighting after and I stood there… There was nothing I could do. I was terrified. For me, for him, for Benicio… As soon as the elevator stopped I…I got out. I had never seen him like that. It frightened me but it also showed me how much he cared and how far he'd go to protect me and my son.» Irene stopped once again. She wasn't going to tell this woman that her son had very probably beaten a man to death. No, she had lost enough already. »He called me but I couldn't say a thing… He wanted to apologize but I couldn't say a word… I was still shocked and overwhelmed by everything that had happened that day. Michael said that he had to do something he wasn't sure he'd be back from… I think a part of me knew what had happened because I went to knock on his door that day but nobody answered…he hadn't looked for me ever since. I don't believe in these kind of things but I think I knew.» Vera kept to herself that she did believe before. She used to but she hadn't felt anything different suddenly, no shivers even though there wasn't a single breeze, no heart racing out of her chest, no sudden dizziness. Nothing. The coroner had estimated that Michael had died from 5 to 7 pm, while she had been supervising dinner, eating, telling Marie off because she wasn't washing the dishes properly, calling John to remind him that his dinner was in the fridge behind the milk carton, storing two chocolate bars in her purse for her grandchildren. When the news hit her, she thought that maybe she hadn't been a good mother, that she didn't love her sons enough to get to feel that connection a lot of other mothers she knew had always told they felt. But as it all sunk in she stopped and she realized that one thing didn't have to do with another. How could she know? Her sons and she were beings independent from each other. The only way they would know what the other was doing and where at a precise moment was if they were looking at each other, because they could be lying if they said it over the phone. «I'm so sorry for your loss, Mrs. Smith. Everything I can say is so shallow compared to what you have been through but I'm really very sorry. And I'm also sorry and even embarrassed for talking for so long. I don't know what took over me… I hadn't talked about any of this to anyone yet.» Vera took Irene's hands between hers. «Don't worry about it, dear », she smiled honestly, « it's good for you to let it all out and you have helped me too. I won't deny that I've heard things I wish my son hadn't done but you have also told me that despite it all he hadn't changed that much,» there were tears running down Vera's face now, «he was still the caring, available, helpful Michael I've always known. He was very quiet but he left a mark on your and your son's life nevertheless. That's what he always did. He won't be the first name that comes up if you ask any of the teachers he had about their students but sooner or later it will, and they'll say something like \"Michael Smith… he was a good kid», Vera took a deep breath a got herself together. » There's no good in dwelling in what could have been. We can't change anything and we better seize what he left us and remember him fondly and with a smile on our faces… Michael couldn't bear to see me sad. There are these days when we are just upset, you know, we can't point out why but we just don't feel well. He'd come near me and tell me jokes he had learnt at school, those that he could tell his mother, ask me if I wanted some tea or a chocolate bar. Something. He'd sit by me, looking at me and making faces and trying to make me smile and I did eventually. That's why even though it hurts, I can't sit and cry my eyes out… I can't. I cry, of course I cry, but before it takes over me completely, I think that I can't go on. Michael is somewhere, trying to make me smile, I'm sure of it. So ask me whatever you want, my dear. Anything ». «How was him? I mean when he was a child, a teenager…Tell me a story, if it's okay …» «Nice. I know that it's something very generic to say and that I'm his mother but he was nice. He never threw tantrums, no, and it wasn't because he had been told off after having thrown one. I could take him with me to the grocers', the DMV or wherever I needed to. He'd stay by me, playing with the toy he had brought along, talking to me or playing 'wait games' as he called them… blinking, trying to keep serious, things like that. » «He used to play things like that with Benicio too.» «Almost every Michael I know back home is Mike, Mick, Mickey or has some nickname inherited from their father or even grandfather… but not Michael. We tried calling her Mike but for some reason it didn't fit well. He had this somberness even when he was a child that prevented any of those nicknames from sticking, which is strange because he was very amiable and caring. »Once, I went to pick Johnny from school and Michael went with me… Johnny was 12 or 13 and Michael 10 or 11… I can't remember well… Johnny had gotten into a fight that day and when we were about to leave the other kid came to Johnny and said «I won't forget this, you'll pay for it...», I'm pretty sure he picked it up from a movie and thought that would be cool to leave the menace hanging. Johnny was about to run after him and pound him to the ground, but Michael hold his arm before I could do a thing and said to the other «We're two and you're only one. If I were you, I'd pay more attention to the people you threat». Johnny was embarrassed to death... what had gotten over his little brother to get in his business? Now the other guy wouldn't leave him. Michael had talked in a very calm way that was slightly scary, to be honest, and kept looking at the other kid as he walked away but as soon as he disappeared from sight he just walked very fast towards me and kind of hid behind me. I told him « what? Has the strength abandoned you? ». «No… Do you think I'm crazy? He was much taller than me.» Irene laughed heartly for the first time of the afternoon but still had to wipe some tears off her face. «He was like that: cautious but brave at the same time. «And as a teenager?» «As a teenager he was an okay student, was good at math and PE, a bit lazy when it came to the rest. He made it to the football team. He wasn't the best player but his calmness, sturdiness and his skill were much appreciated…He wasn't much of a trouble maker even though my husband had to pick him up from the police station once. He was about 17 and he was drunk. »This is how it works in small towns… There's a father that keeps a fridge in the garage and the kids drink from there whether they know and allow it or not. I had an idea that it had to do with a girl but he only confirmed it recently… he had told us back then that football practice had gone really wrong and he was feeling like the worst and to cheer him up, his best friend had invited him over to drink from his father's stash… He kept saying 'she, she, she' and crying 'Holly', that happened to be the name of a girl he was rumored to be seeing. Generally, nobody cared about what he did or didn't do but it changed when he got in the football team. He was tutoring her in Math and she was tutoring him in History. Tim, his best friend, told me the football story but I didn't buy it. He would be considered weak or something if it were known that he was like that over a girl, I guess…», Vera interrupted her speech to clean her eyes again, «Poor Tim. He's a police officer now, back in Idaho. He was the one to take the call, you know, about Michael. Even though they had been good friends in high school they drifted apart. It happens when people still live in the same town, let alone when they don't.» Irene found it difficult to believe in a drunken Michael, a jock Michael, but the thought made her smile. It was nice to know a different side other than the very controlled and pulled together Michael she had known. «I have some pictures here if you want to see them…» «Definitely», Irene had always mocked people for carrying a bunch of pictures with them but she did the same since she had had Benicio. Vera retrieved a brown leather wallet from her purse, opened it, took two pictures from a transparent compartment and put it on her lap. The first she showed Irene had fold marks in the corners. It had been stored in that wallet for about 10 years or so. «That's Michael, over there», Vera said pointing at a boy about 9 years old with his hair parted on the left and a huge smile on his face, sitting on the floor by a boy older than him that she was quite sure was his brother, in front of his parents who were sat on a dark red couch. He had grown obviously but the features Irene had known were very recognizable. «He didn't change much.» «It's true.», Vera's chin started to tremble. «You haven't either.», Irene was trying to cheer her up but it was a fact. «Apart from all the wrinkles…», she still had tears gleaming over her lower lashes but she was smiling now. «I hope mine will look as good as yours.» «Thank you, dear. My self-esteem really appreciates it.», she said as she put the other picture over the one they had just seen. This was a very recent one, she was sure. No fold marks in sight, Michael and Vera looking exactly like how she had known them. «It was taken last Thanksgiving, when Michael came home for the last time…» He was standing behind the couch – now green -, smiling the contained smile she had always known, very befitting to his character. «That's my Michael, obviously, my son Johnny, my daughter-in-law Laura, my grandchildren Olivia and Jack and me and my husband.» Irene didn't hear a word, her gaze stuck to Michael's face. He had been very handsome but the conjugation of his good-looks and her loneliness hadn't been the only reason Irene had felt drawn to him. The frankness and, as weird as it may seem, the innocence he gave off had. He had been one of those people that had the ability to calm even without saying a single word. And now it was all gone. A shiver took over her. «Are you alright?» «No, not really.», she couldn't lie to the woman in front of her anymore. Vera took the hands of the young woman between hers once again. «I've told you about how he was as a kid and as a teenager. Tell me now about how he was when he was here.» Irene told her about the time Michael had taken both her and Benicio to the LA River, the trips to the Zoo, the visits to the Griffiths Observatory, the walks in the park, the drives around town, the nights he would come over and watch TV with them. She found herself smiling and crying at the same time as she remembered it all. «Could you take me to the LA River? I can't take Michael back home completely. He had wanted to leave. He found a new place for him in this city somewhat and from the way you spoke, I gather that he liked it very much and you had a very special time there… I think he'd like to have a part of his ashes lifted by the wind and then resting in Idaho too wouldn't probably seem to bad…» «Of course. I'll take you there.» «You can come, obviously.» »Do you know of any friends? Of Michael?» «No. Sadly, I don't… but I met his boss once. I can give you the address of the garage if you want.» «Thank you, dear.» Benicio's head peaked from the door. Irene looked at him and urged him to come meet her. «Benicio, I'd like to introduce you to this nice lady. Her name is Vera. She knew our friend from next door too.» «Nice to meet you», he said, reaching out his hand like his mother had told him. «Nice to meet you too, Benicio», Vera said accepting it, « he told me very good things about you… that you're a very smart boy that only didn't win the blinking game the first time you've played… From that moment on he didn't stand a chance, right?» Benicio looked at her curiously and silently, nodding with his head timidly eventually. «Now go play a little while more, okay? I'll fix you something to eat in a bit alright, little monkey? Come here.», Irene held her son and kissed him on the top of his head. Once the child was free from his mother's arms he ran to the room he had came from. «How am I supposed to tell him? Isn't enough that he has lost his father?» «You'll find that children can be very resilient. He'll be sad, of course, but he'll recover.» «Thank you, Mrs. Smith» «Vera, I think you can call me Vera at this point.» «Thank you, M..Vera…Thank you for everything. I'm so sorry Michael got caught up in all of this. I know that my regrets can't bring him back but I wish they could. I truly do. » «We have to accept it and move on. It's the best we can do.» Irene nodded. «I hope you come to Idaho some day. I'd really like to have you there and show the places where Michael grew up around…I think Benicio will like it too, with the mountains and all.» «Thank you for the invitation.» «You can call me whenever you want or feel like you need to talk, okay?» Vera paused for a second. «I'm sorry if I'm intruding. But I really liked to meet you and it has helped me a lot. » «It has helped me to, Vera. I'm really glad we had this chance.» A knock on the door put their conversation on hold. Irene looked at the watch. «It's probably Wendy, the sitter. My shift will begin in half an hour». «I won't take more of your time then. Can we talk tomorrow, about going to the river?» «I'll call you.», Irene took the card Vera was giving her. «It has my numbers in Idaho but I've written the number of the hotel we're staying on the back.» «I'll know my work plan and I'll call you then.» «Thank you» Vera hugged Irene sincerely. It caught the younger woman a bit off-guard but she didn't resist it. This conversation had really been very important to her for two reasons: knowing what had indeed happened to Michael and giving her a broader sense of who he had been. For Vera it was helpful to know that his son hadn't been completely alone in this big city, she wanted to believe that despite it all he had been truly happy for at least once. It wouldn't bring him back obviously but it was a consolation. Irene opened the door. «Hello, Wendy!» «Hi!», the other woman said as she entered and made her way to the living room. They bade each other goodbye but Irene stood by until Vera got in the elevator and waved as the doors closed. AN : I'm sorry this chapter ended up so lengthy. I decided upon whether I should divide it or not but I couldn't find a suitable point to do so, what has lead me to publish it as I had written it originally. I hope you enjoyed this fanfic. Feel free to review it. I'll be around, writing for other shows and films. Thank you for your time. :) ","Summary":" Author note: Driver, Irene, Benicio and the other characters you recognise from the film don't belo"},{"Movie":"Ravenous","Title":"Companion","Author":"RanebowStitches","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8327939","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh geez, I finally wrote this down. Ok, it's Cleaves/Toffler from the movie Ravenous but it's totally rated G and fluffy as hell. It can be seen as slash or friendship. Mentions the fact that Cleaves is high as a kite. I really don't know where this came from, but it's just OTP and fluff and yes. Gay. Don't like, don't read. Thanks~ Cleaves laughed as he practically rolled out of George's tent. The stars above him greeted him with twinkling smiles, and he smiled and waved back at them. His head was a mystified mess. Sounds were turning into colors, smells into wisps of light, and walking into a thing of the past. Movement was felt, but direction was thrown out the window. The harsh winter winds pushed and pulled him around, covering him with snow. He was vaguely aware of the cold snow seeping into his knees and palms as he crawled around in it, but mostly it just tickled. He giggled at the feeling and continued going wherever it was the wind took him. A bright flash of red ran in front of his eyes once he had crawled closer to the main building. It was soon joined by dancing blues and spinning greens. Cleaves guffawed and stumbled weakly to his feet, chasing after the colors. Once he was inside the building, the warm air it held took a bodily form and embraced him. He chuckled and sighed, sinking into the hold. Once the snow was mostly melted off of him, he realized that the source of the colors still moving in his vision were coming from the main living room where Toffler was composing a new hymn. He grinned and giggled, reaching out for a purple that had come up close to him, and made his way into the room. He slouched against a chair that sat by the fire, listening and watching the colors dance around him. Toffler nodded his head to the steady beat of the music, mumbling words under his breath. His eyes were closed as he concentrated whole heartedly on his song, and he did not hear the other enter. His fingers made their way over the keys like delicate ballerinas, filling the room with glorious noise. Everyone else had gone to bed, and no one could hear the organ from their rooms. No one could tell him to take his hymns elsewhere. He smiled but then wrinkled his nose and clenched his eyes as his fingers hit the wrong keys. He sighed and stopped playing, opening his eyes to look at his journal. Picking it up, he flipped through the pages and jotted down a few things, before jolting at the sound of a groan behind him. The journal was being gripped in his shaking and white knuckled hands as he slowly turned around, eyes wide. He let out his breath as his sights fell on Cleaves, who had by then sunk to the floor and was resting back against the chair. \"P-Private Cleaves?\" Toffler squeaked out. \"W-what are you d-doing here?\" Cleaves's head bobbed forward before snapping back up and turning towards Toffler. He grinned at him and waved. Bright blue waves were rolling off of the chaplain as he stared at him, but the other colors had vanished. Through the fog of his mind, he realized the colors would not reappear if Toffler did not play a song. Cleaves groaned again as he turned and clawed his way to the bench where the other sat. Not feeling up to standing again, he just rested back against it, throwing his head back so that it sat in the seat next to Toffler. He grinned up at the shaking man before frowning. \"Why did you, ahaha, stop playing?\" \"Well-well I-I...\" Toffler trailed off, not really sure what was going on. He knew Cleaves was not right in the head at the moment, but even then he had never shown interest in his hymns before. He looked down at the drowsy man who was rolling his head back and forth across the bench. \"You were listening?\" Cleaves's eyes snapped to the others mouth when he spoke and it took a minute for his question to settle, but the private nodded. His eyebrows then furrowed. He shook his head. \"I was... watching the, uh,\" raising a hand, and concentrating very hard, he attempted to describe the colors with limp-wrist motions in the air. \"The... the... Your song is full of colors,\" He finally settled with, dropping his hand and looking up at the currently taller man again. Toffler raised an eyebrow at him. \"Is your mind with you, or are y-you gone? Um, what do you call it?\" Toffler asked, setting his journal back down on the stand in front of him. Cleaves snorted and called out, \"Loco!\" before bursting into a fit of giggles. His brain felt like it was sitting in a swamp, but he knew somewhere in his mind that his high wouldn't last for much longer. He wanted to see those colors again before it left him. Reaching up, he grabbed at Toffler's sleeve, continuously missing and just sort of hitting him, thus startling the man again. Cleaves gave him his best pleading look. \"Will you play me another song? Please?\" Toffler bit his lip but nodded. It wouldn't harm anything if he did. It was always exciting when someone was willing to be his companion in music instead of telling him to go fetch ice. Straightening up, the chaplain shook out his hands before placing his fingertips lightly on the keys and beginning. Cleaves's smile lit up the room as the colors greeted him again. He wove his hands through them, feeling their soft touch, and sighed. The colors were relaxing and brought a peace with them that was not normally felt around the camp. Everyone there knew they were unwanted outcasts. They tried to make the best of it, but it was hard, especially in the unforgiving winter. They did anything to get their minds off of what had become of their lives, if only for a moment. Knox had his booze, Hart had his books, Cleaves had his drugs, and he had to admit that this was the best trip he'd ever had. Glancing up at Toffler, Cleaves chuckled at how concentrated and into his work he looked. His eyes were closed again, lips speaking soft words that Cleaves couldn't quiet here, but spilled out in yellows and greens. Religion was his distraction to the harsh life he'd been dealt, and he threw himself into it. Cleaves looked toward the fluttering fingers, the source of the euphoria around him. Slowly, he turned himself around, using the bench as an aid, and managed to pull himself into a sitting position on to it. Toffler jerked away, his eyes flying open and hands flying to his chest. Cleaves frowned at him and shook his head. He reached out and took Toffler's hands, pulling them back to the keys. \"Keep playing,\" He explained. Toffler swallowed a breath and nodded, continuing his song, albeit a little more apprehensively. He stumbled over the keys again when not even a few minutes later he felt Cleaves rest his head on his shoulder. He couldn't turn his head to look at the private without hitting him with his face, so he just tried to keep playing and ignore the warmth that was being transferred between them. \"P-Private Cleaves?\" \"Shh,\" Cleaves tilted his head and scooted closer so that his words fell right into Toffler's ear. \"Just keep playing. Please,\" His hot breath ghosted over the other's skin, causing him to shudder and nod quickly. Cleaves just grinned, his eyes half lidded as he watched the show before him, hand occasionally reaching out to catch the swirling colors. As as the night drew on, the fire died down, but Toffler kept playing. Soon, all the colors fell asleep. Cleaves smiled and shut his eyes, his mind clear except for one color. The blue that surrounded Toffler was glowing brightly in the coming darkness, and Cleaves reveled in the fact that he knew he would see it no matter what his state of mind. \"Thank you,\" He whispered as sleep threatened to overtake him and Toffler's song came to an end. He felt a hand hesitantly brush some hair away from his forehead, lingering on his skin for a few seconds longer. \"No, thank you,\" Toffler spoke, resting for a moment before helping Cleaves stumble sleepily to bed. ","Summary":" Oh geez, I finally wrote this down. Ok, it's Cleaves/Toffler from the movie Ravenous but it's total"},{"Movie":"Ravenous","Title":"Unhealthy Appetite","Author":"Leonca","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7467405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Unhealthy Appetite Ives was a sick man when he discovered the curse. It cleared his lungs up, but made his head worse. Head got worse and stomach followed, demanded more and left him hollowed. He wandered alone with his newfound cancer until he met the folks hunkered down in Fort Spencer. Colonel, captain, private, and priest- who could ask for a choicer feast? Save some for the pack and put the rest in the pot with skilled application of knife thrust and gunshot. ","Summary":" Unhealthy Appetite Ives was a sick man when he discovered the curse. It cleared his lungs up, but m"},{"Movie":"Ravenous","Title":"Blood Lust","Author":"Ravenous4Guy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5379583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This movie is my 2ndnfavorite movie of all time. I was so disappointed to see only onenfanficion on here! Although it's an extremely creative andninteresting one, it wasn't quite what I was looking for ;) So, Indecided to write this particular story and maybe a few more if thisnone interests some people. This story takes offnfrom when John Boyd is being healed by Hart and Ives after Ives wasnforced to make a choice between living and dying. Except, instead ofnhim violently rebelling, he accepts his fate as a cannible and sonmuch more ;P. I take no credit fornthese characters or original screen play/story from the movien\"Ravenous\". Blood Lust John Boyd looked atnhimself in the pathetic, filthy mirror upon his door. His face wasnsticky with blood and cold sweat. His eyes were sunken in from lacknof sleep, but glowed brightly. There was some thing new brewingninside of him, some thing he couldn't make out. It could be good, ornit could be evil. His vision blurred as he gazed more intently intonhis own eyes. Good or evil? He was roused by a knocking on his door. \"Boyd! Dinner!\"nColonel Hart called into the crevice of the door and door frame. Hisnboots thundered off toward the main house. John cleared his throat,nabout to reply, but decided to simply keep whatever irrevelantnresponce he was going to make to himself. The main house was nicenand warm. A stew cooked above a big fire in the kitchen and therenwas a second fire in the corner of the room. The smell of meat beingncooked along with potatoes and onions filled the room. Colonel Hartnwas pacing back and forth, preparing for dinner. As John stumbled tontake a seat, loud boots pounded upon the deck. They wandered aroundnfor a moment, then paused. John's eyes wandered to the door. Hisnheart rate slowed as well as time around him. Hart's humming fadednaway and all he could hear was his loud anxious breathing. Anflashback to the rib-eye steak at his celebratory dinner flashednacross his mind. His stomach knotted and his throat clenched. Henwatched the door handle slowly turn and the door slowly slide open. nIn came the devil. John was afraid to looknat Colonel Ives. There was some kind of power Ives had over him thatnwas unexplainable. His voice had to have some sort of spell withinnit. John could see Ives out of his peripherals staring at him. Hartnhanded John a bowl of hot stew with a grin on his face. \"Stewnal la Knox.\" John stared into the stew like the mirror upon hisndoor. It looked like the water was blood, the potatoes were organs,nand the meat were muscles. Though to any man this would seemnhorrific, to John it was heaven sent. He took ahold of his spoon andnbegan to eat madly. His hands went from quivering to steady. Thenknot is his stomach released. It was a high no peyote compared to. Ives sat right next tonJohn as Hart handed him his bowl. He twirlled his spoon a momentnbefore tasting Hart's creation, inspired by Knox. After taking hisnfirst bite, he sat back with a loving sigh. Hart hurled himself intona chair before digging into his food. He began to trail on aboutnPlato and Aristotle, blubbering about humanity. John's high cut outnall of Hart's ranting. He drank the rest of his dinner and sat back,nlaying his head on the top of the couch. A grin spread slowly on hisnface as his body went numb. Hart stared at him for a moment,nfrightened slightly at John's strange behavior. Ives eyed him for anmoment, then looked at Hart. \"Colonel Hart, I think it's timenfor you start a fire in Capitan Boyd's quarters. He seems...nincoherant.\" Hart slurped up a few more bites then wiskednhimself away to John's room. As soon as the door shutnbehind Hart, Ives rose to his feet and pulled John to his. His eyesnwere glazed over with the caniverous high. Ives's lips twitched. n\"Stay with us, Boyd,\" he murmered. Ives had watched John'sndecension ever since he got him to try it. He had lost every thingnand so, he ate only to keep Ives happy. Although he had a newlynfound power and strength, he couldn't care less. This was angeringnIves. He grabbed John by the sides of his face, forcing him to looknat him. \"Boooooyd!\" John's eyes wandered around a momentnbefore meeting with Ives. They were glowing and slightly diolated. n\"Get it together, John.\" Ives's voice faded in and outnthrough flashbacks. Martha, Windeego, Cleeves... John smilednhelplessly at Ives. Frusterated, Ives shoved him away. John's grinnturned to laughing quickly. Ives brewed as he watched him. \"What'snthe matter, Ives?!\" John said loudly through his laughing. Ivesnbegan to approach him, but John's playful banter quickly switchednover to fury. \"Am I not what you wanted?\" John grabbednIves by the coat and shoved him against the wall. Staring at each other,nthere was a moment. A shock of energy exchanged between them. nJohn's fury and Ives's amusement. He began to chuckle into John'snface defiantly. John's anger escalated to a point of no return. Henpunched Ives directly in his nose, taking a few steps backwards as hendid. Ives was hunched over, touching his nose delicately with hisnhand. Blood splattered against the hard wood floor. John's eyesngrew wide and his stomach growled as if he hadn't had a meal in days.n Ives looked up at him, dabbing his nose carefully. \"Ah, thensmell... Gets you every time.\" John continued to back away. nEverything but the blood on Ives's hand blurred and swayed. Ivesnstood straight, looking over his hand for a moment. \"Here,\"nhe beckoned, holding his hand out toward John. He shook a bit,nbeckoning him over. John's eyes grew fixated on the blood. The smell triggerednmemories of Reich. His beloved Private Reich who had served him wellnabove and below ground. His dead eyes, blackened rotten flesh, andnsilly grin couldn't keep John's hunger at bay. Neither could hisnmorals... Nothing could keep him at bay anymore. His boots began tondrag him toward Ives. \"Cooome on,\" Ives called. Johnnsavagely took Ives's hand, falling against him so hard that Ives hitnthe wall again. They slid to the ground together and comfortablynsat, John against Ives. His tongue smoothly licked the blood off ofnIves's fingertips. The feeling of John's soft, delicate tongue sentnshivers down Ives's spine. A thrilled smirk came over his bloodiednlips as he watched Boyd thouroughly lap up as much of the reddness asnhe could. Dirty and unmoral thoughts began to run through his mind,nlooking past John's tongue and mouth to his slightly exposed chestnand tense thieghs. He let his head hit the wall gently as henabsorbed these intense urges. His senses werenheightened tenfold. The blood was so warm and creamy. It was to anpoint where he just wanted to rip Ives's fingers off and gorge onnthem. But the licking, along with Ives's free hand gently strokingnhis head, seemed so much more enjoyable. Soon, John had moved fromnIves's fingers to his wrist. Ives moaned at this, pulling Johnntoward him. John, completely infatuated and blood drunk, simply wentnalong with Ives as if Ives was going to give more of himself to him. nJohn began to fiercely kiss and gently bite Ives's neck. He couldnsmell Knox on his clothes and in his hair. He cried out in anblissful shout, burying his face against Ives. Ives's eyes rolled tonthe back of his head in pleasure. He pulled Boyd against himntightly, wanting much more from Boyd. John lifted his head, facingnIves with a blood stained face and his bright blue eyes swarming. nIves stared at him for a moment, gazing over his face, then chucklednlightly. Boyd, delirious and starving, stared at Ives's lipsnintently. Without hesitation, Ives leaned in and sucked John's lipsnagainst his. Boyd accepted Ives for anmoment, but as Ives injected his slick tongue into his mouth, henquickly scrambled away from him, breathing heavily as his high wasnquickly snuffed. Ives, still grinning, stared at him while savoringnthe taste of his own blood in his mouth. The door creaked open andnHart hurried in, shutting the door quickly behind him. He froze atnthe sight of John and Ives on the floor, bloodied. \"Every thingnokay in here?\" he asked nervously. John rushed to his feet,ngrabbed his coat and wisked out the door. Ives had Hart help him upnwith a sigh. He dusted himself off and wiped off his face. \"Everynthing is fine, Colonel. Boyd is off to bed, as well as I. Kill thenfires when you're done, eh?\" He motioned toward the fires andnexcused himself out. Slamming his bedroom doornbehind him, Boyd began having a panic attack. His breathing didn'tncease and all he could think about was what had just happened. Himnand Ives... His guts were still tingling. He continued to look atnhis door, worriedly... but slightly hopeful that there would be anslight knock at his door. He laid down on his bed, hugging hisnpillow against his chest for comfort. He shut his eyes, listening tonhis own rapid heartbeat. It was deafening. And then, there werenfootsteps. Growing louder... Two shadows stopped at his door. Hensat up, staring intently at the door handle. \"Ives?\" henasked loudly. Ok, I just wanted tonsee what kind of feedback I'll get on this before I continue. Justnone more chapter, if any at all :) Also, I only have WordPad on myncomputer so if there are any spelling or grammatical errors, pleasenlet me know! Thanks! ","Summary":" This movie is my 2ndnfavorite movie of all time. I was so disappointed to see only onenfanficion on"},{"Movie":"Ravenous","Title":"Boyd & Ives","Author":"savegunpowder","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7975972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Captain John Boyd woke in the early chill of the morning, drenched in sweat. Dreams of blood and steel, of cannonsmoke, of dashed hopes and severed lives, had plagued him all night. Though it was well after dawn, the sun had not yet ascended high enough to spill over the snow-capped peaks to the east. That's how life was at Fort Spencer – short dull days and long, lonely nights. He wrapped himself in a greatcoat and emerged from his quarters. Private Cleaves' unmistakable cackling carried across the courtyard. Boyd followed the sound and noticed that candles burned still in the mess hall. Inside he found Cleaves and George puffing hemp from a peace pipe. Martha was at work by the cookfires. She wished Boyd a good morning in her broken English. \"Care for a drag?\" Cleaves asked betwixt hysterics. Boyd nodded and mustered a shy smile. As he smoked Boyd made out the unconscious form of Major Knox sprawled on the couch. A bottle of San Miguel's finest tequila was cradled in the folds of his dusty frock coat. No one, it seemed, had bothered to put him to bed after supper. \"I've boiled some eggs,\" Martha said to Boyd over the howling of the overmedicated private and her brother. \"To break your fast.\" He was famished, but the thought of food so soon after the terrors of the night sent through him a shudder of revulsion. Boyd left the mess quietly and started walking. There wasn't much to see around Fort Spencer. The view from the watchtower was like a painting – though its beauty was superficial. A painful reminder in still life, the very image of the frozen Nevadas was a mural of persistent isolation. It was the highest perch a man could hope to achieve in this dilapidated outpost, in these godforsaken mountains, in this life, broken beyond repair. Boyd stopped. Without thinking, he had come to the dark oak doors of the bathhouse. Why, he asked himself, did he walk to the quarters of the stranger? The ragged, wild-haired man had stumbled into the fort two nights previous before falling into a deep sleep, in which he remained. Boyd had helped the others carry him indoors and bathe him, scrubbing his blood into movement. The stranger was half-dead, skin frigid to the touch, but there was an undeniable vitality in his corded frame, his ruddy face, those muscles hardened by a no doubt harrowing ordeal in the wilderness. Boyd took the step to the door and laid his hand on the latch, unsure of the how of things, bewildered about the why. He couldn't have said where the urge to push the door ajar came from, only that it was there. He entered. The bathhouse was pitch black, silent save for the stranger's slow breath. Boyd crept on his tiptoes to where he slept. He wondered if the stranger too had bad dreams. It didn't look so – the wild man's face was so serene as to be sure of itself, confident even in convalescence. Around the stranger's wrist was a rosary, a gilded crucifix hanging from beads of pearl. Boyd reached out and ran his fingers over the glistening metal. When he looked up, the stranger's eyes were open and fixed upon him. Eyes, brown and depthless and terrible, regarding him in what could have been rage but felt more a savage desire. A jerk of panic wrenched a gasp from Boyd's lips. He stumbled and nearly lost his footing. A thousand apologies and as many excuses danced on the edge of his tongue when, heart hammering, he saw that the stranger was still fast asleep, still peaceful. Eyes closed. Boyd's first thought was: Jesus, what did Cleaves put in that weed? His breath came back to him, crystallizing in the pale air. He stood there beside the sickbed, all motion suspended. The stranger's eyes had been open – hadn't they? Or was it just the shifting light? Boyd snapped back to life at the sound of footsteps and the humming of a melodyless hymn – Private Toffler, come to start the fires and say a prayer for the ailing man. With a last glance at the stranger, Boyd slipped out the back door. He was pouring over maps with Colonel Hart when Toffler jounced up to announce that the stranger was awake. He hurried to the bathhouse with the two of them, checking his pace for the colonel; the larger man was panting after only a few strides. \"I suppose I owe you gentlemen a story,\" the stranger said, the dip in his voice seeming to indicate that it was not a very pleasant one. \"Only if you feel up to it,\" Colonel Hart assured him, though the whole room crackled in anticipation of it. Boyd watched the stranger – who introduced himself as F.W. Colqhoun, servant of God – talk. His eyes were indeed brown. \"We left in April. Six of us, in all. Mr. Macready and his wife, from Ireland. Mr. Janus, from Virginia, I believe, with his servant Jones. Myself – I'm from Scotland. And our guide, a military man, coincidentally. Colonel Ives...\" Ives was on top of the world, literally and figuratively speaking. The cave had come to occupy a special place in his heart, like a beloved bakery where fine dining at bargain prices were always in the offing. In this high pass, he was cut off from even Indians. There were none to interrupt his feast. None to judge him, either. The fat one was coming along splendidly. He had regained consciousness only once, but long enough for Ives to get some roast Toffler down his gullet. This morning Ives fancied he would sample a side of George, perhaps from the thigh, where he was thickest. Biting in, Ives tasted obsidian and woodsmoke, a life of running, hunting and hardship. He thought of Captain Boyd, huddled in that absurd pit with the late Private Reich, and laughed. A strange impulse had saved Boyd's life. It would have been all too easy to leap down and start gorging – but Ives decided much on a whim to let him rot. He was so inured to cunning that such improvisation was, he supposed, uncharacteristic. Boyd smelled delicious, of course. On the trek from the fort up the mountains, Ives had oft found himself watching him, salivating quietly. He had a scientist's curiosity when it came to Boyd – an unexpected fascination, but impossible to ignore. Electricity had passed between them the morning Boyd crept to his bedside. It had twisted Ives' gut and set fire to his restless libido. During the massacre, he had saved Boyd for last, but for the simple reason that he was least likely to put up resistance. In Ives' line of work, pragmatism was everything. He had to chuckle at the sheer audacity of the man. Cornering Boyd at the edge of that cliff felt sublime. Never more had Ives enjoyed the thrill of the hunt. The terror was pulsing off the captain in waves. The stink of it was cloying, all consuming, and utterly enticing. He had wailed and struggled like a bear in a trap, his blue eyes shimmering. Ives had laughed and growled and danced, undeniably stiffening, his blood and Boyd's both running hot, coursing in unison – then Boyd had leapt from the cliff rather than be taken. Ives could not lie to himself: it's lonely being a cannibal. He had everything he needed in his mountain holdfast. But what he wanted, more than anything, was someone to share his meals with. Well... more than almost anything. Boyd would resist at first, he knew – but the power of his craving would implacably unravel him. Besides its inherent futility, trying to fight the Hunger was like blowing at a blizzard. Yes, Boyd would see the light. Ives was sure of it. First there would be gratitude, admiration. Affection would follow in time, and then, perhaps even... Ives sucked George's femur clean and reached for a haunch of buttock. He would have certainly died in the mountains had it not been for generous helpings of Mrs. Macready's le porc longue . Even with all his strength, Ives' wearied collapse at the fort was no performance. He had done well, and today he would reward himself. Plans could wait until tomorrow. The sun was shining. Ives felt positively virile. ","Summary":" Captain John Boyd woke in the early chill of the morning, drenched in sweat. Dreams of blood and st"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Not All Sharks","Author":"Genius-626","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7438291","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: yo…to anyone who may be reading. This is a fantastic movie for reasons I can't fully explain in an author's note. I just saw the movie yesterday and the ending was just too ambiguous to leave alone. It's like the director wanted people to write fan fiction. Anyway, enjoy. Not All Sharks The blood was still flowing from my wound; the pain still eating at my nerves, but I held it in. Taking deep and heavy breaths, I shuffled out of the parking lot and into the elevator. Leaning on the wall for support, I bent down and saw the blood stains of the man I'd killed in front of Irene. In front of Irene. It was all I could do; he would've killed us both. The look on her face was unbearable. It wasn't in horror and it wasn't in shock—it was like she knew I was capable of bashing someone's head in and was almost relieved that she knew the truth. Or maybe it was confusion, knowing me as gentle, quiet, supportive; knowing how much I loved her just how I'd reacted to her husband coming home. She's been through so much, I shouldn't have even let her enter the elevator, I should've said we'd talk later. But that look…maybe it was best she did see. Maybe…maybe she'll still love me if I tell her it's over. If I get her and Benicio away from here, maybe it can be over. Maybe I can be that father he's always needed. Maybe I can be the husband she's always wanted. Maybe I can be happy without breaking the law. My blood dripped onto the floor, overlapping with the already stained rug. I'd have to clean that later if I didn't want anyone to get suspicious. That's what I'd done with the blood. The body was still in my apartment. If I didn't get rid of it soon, the rot would no doubt get people's attention. So many things were swimming through my head as I tried to push all distractions away; I needed to focus on one thing. Making it ten steps to Irene's door. My left hand was growing tired as it clung to my wound, my right arm extending to the opposite wall for balance when I practically fall out of the elevator. My eyes felt like they were bulging out of my head I was so dizzy, but I knew when I'd stumbled long enough to make it across the hallway when the wall made a sharp angle. I tried knocking, but ended up pounding the door in uneven hits. I don't know how long I waited, but my legs couldn't hold me up any longer. I sank down to my knees with my fist still pressing into the door, my arm flailing out in front of me and onto the floor after the door was hastily opened. I could hear her gasp of surprise, and then her worried voice as she said my name after kneeling down and seeing the blood. She took the arm I was balancing on and lifted it over her shoulder. I was surprised at how strong she was as she half dragged me to the couch, not seeming to care whether my blood spilled onto the furniture. At that thought, I looked over to the pool of blood that had accumulated in front of the door, my eyes following the trail from the green door all the way to the couch. Suddenly, a fear boiled up in my stomach as I saw Irene run for the supply closet. \"Is Benicio asleep?\" I managed to say, my voice hoarse from breathing so heavily for so long. She rounded the hallway and knelt by my side, answering me with a nod. At first, she didn't know where to start. I sat up in an attempt to peel my jacket off, needing her help to lean me comfortably enough on the pillow behind me. She then helped me with my shirt, the blood having stuck to, pain itching and every tug I made at it. I tried to find Irene's eyes, but she was focused on bandaging my wounds, which I was very much grateful for. My mind was swimming back and forth, in and out. I fought to remain conscious as to not leave Irene with my dead weight. I closed my eyes as to focus, her voice a far away song. She'd ask me if I could lean or move to accommodate the bandages. She'd ask me if I could feel certain touches to know whether my nerves were heightened or dulled from the damage. She'd ask whether I was awake or not, and for her sake, I'd speak instead of nod in case my voice was just as reassuring to her as hers was to me. When I finally opened my eyes, feeling somewhat cleaner and without the constant touch of her hands, I saw the result of her hard work. I was somehow laying on a blood stained towel now, no blood visible on my skin with gauze heavily wrapped around my waist. I looked at my hands and realized that she must have scrubbed them clean as well, a sponge and bucket on the coffee table. My eyes wondered to the woman kneeling beside me, splotches of red now clinging to her skin and clothing. She looked tired, her eyes red rimmed as if she had been crying. Maybe she had been. I needed to say something to her, but for what seemed like hours, I was lost in her gaze. She seemed to have to same need I did; confirmation that we were both here, in the same place, alive and wanting the other. I was the first to speak. \"Thank you…and I'm sorry.\" She stopped me by shaking her head. \"Don't be.\" She paused, wanting to say more, but not knowing where to begin. \"Just…please…I can't take this anymore.\" \"Neither can I.\" I said, interrupting out of necessity. \"I'm done. I…finally have a reason to be.\" With that, a small smile almost played on the corners of her lips. It was enough, for now, we both knew. \"You need to go to the hospital. I have no idea how hurt you are.\" I stifled a groan, not wanting to seem ungrateful. \"Ok.\" I said. \"But what about Benicio?\" \"I'll call a friend.\" Just then, Benicio walked in, sleepily rubbing at his eyes. \"I heard talking.\" Is all he said. He looked at me and froze a moment, then saw his mother and the first aid kit in her lap. I could feel his concern, although he did a very good job in keeping a straight face. He'd probably had to adapt to things like this. I felt guilty for so many things at that moment. For seeing his father's death and being helpless in doing anything about it, for bringing him into this mess in the first place, for only being a burden. One look at Irene and those thoughts vanished. She was grateful for me, I knew it. I had been there when his father wasn't and I would be there for him, now for as long as I lived. I motioned for Benicio to come, Irene getting up to make the call. He stood in front of me and I firmly took his shoulder. \"Mom and I have to go the hospital, but you have to stay.\" \"Ok.\" He said quietly. I knew the questions that were plaguing his little head; I knew what he was going through. \"I promise…that everything will be Ok. I'm not leaving. Not ever again.\" \"Why?\" his voice was stronger now. The question confused me. \"Why?\" I repeated almost in a whisper. Because I love you, I want you to be my son, I want you to be happy and have the father you deserve; the life. \"Why are you like my dad? Why are you always in trouble? Why are you always hurt?\" \"No, no.\" I said softly, shaking my head. Reaching up to his face, I wiped away a single tear that left his smoky brown eyes. \"Everything's going to be better. This isn't going to happen ever again. I promise.\" \"You promise?\" he repeated, his demeanor becoming stronger as he took my hand and lightly swung it down, holding it in both his small hands. \"Yes.\" I said, feeling a smile creep up. Then a thought came to me, a memory the two of us shared. \"Benicio,\" I said, bringing his eyes to mine. He looked up, his wide eyed gaze full of trust and satisfaction. \"Not all sharks are bad guys.\"[Chapter 2] A/N: I apologize for the wait, and I'm really psyched that you guys like my story :) I'm waiting patiently to get the DVD, it's on my Christmas list. Actually, it's the only thing officially on my Christmas list, I don't really want anything else XP Anyway, enjoy. Not All Sharks: Chapter 2 Sirens filled the air like fog. I could feel the world growling darker as my senses faded. But even then, the familiar sense of being in a speeding car rushed through my mind and body as the ambulance went over the speed limit to deliver me to the nearest hospital. I tried not to think of the ironic cruelty of the matter; that I, the criminal, was being ushered to good health. I tried not to focus on the regret coursing through me as I held Irene's hand tightly. If I had known something this good could happen to me, I would have never gotten myself into driving. But back when I started, life didn't mean anything. I would eat, sleep, and drive. No one cared about me, no one knew me. So against the law I'd go. It was something I was good at, losing the law. But how long can that last? The anxiety reached my throat, choking me. I'd never been this worried in my life, but I had to be calm for Irene. As I coughed, I felt her hand tighten on mine. When I stopped, I felt her cold hand on my forehead. There were two other men with us, and if they weren't, I'm sure I would have asked her to kiss me. We'd only kissed once, and for some reason, the thought calmed me. It'd been so long since I've felt loved… \"We're almost there.\" I heard her say. My eyes were closed, fighting against the urge to moan in pain as we turned a corner. It was the last thing I heard until we were in the ER, shouts firing from all directions and hands all around me. I didn't notice when Irene's hand left mine, but I could somehow see her worried eyes as they wheeled me away. … The nurse remembered me from years ago. Apparently, it was an incident she couldn't forget. I was rolled in on a gurney, like tonight, and left my arm and leg were covered in blood. I'd been in an accident on set. I remember talking to her briefly during my recovery. She'd never met an actor. I said I wasn't an actor. I was a stunt man. She said it was the same difference, only I was more talented because my life was in danger every time I was on screen. I thanked her, but did not believe her. This time, also during my recovery, she asked if I had been in another on set accident. I said no because there was no possible way I could prove it. I was wracking my brain for an answer to cover up what actually happened just in case they asked. Irene came in just as the nurse walked out. She was in her uniform, so I could safely assume that she'd just left work. Once she was at his side, she sighed out of tentative relief. Her eyes darted to the direction of my wound, then back to my eyes. \"Hi.\" She said with a small smile. \"Hi.\" I mirrored. \"When can I come home?\" \"The doctor said in a day.\" Her eyes quickly became worried. And I knew why. She wanted to know how this happened. Without really thinking, caressed her face, bringing her closer until we kissed, something I've been waiting for since I got to her apartment. We parted some time after, both of us enjoying a moment of bliss without potential danger. I loved the affect I have on her; it's the same affect she has on me. For a moment, I couldn't remember anything else; nothing could bother me now. But reality wasn't something we could postpone forever. … Benicio was at a friend's house, and Irene was home alone. Her mind was nowhere near at rest. Everything had happened so fast, and so much of it was a mystery. She knew how Standard died—the FBI agents had given her their last report—but she didn't know why. He was at a heist with one accomplice, who they'd found dead in a hotel. He was shot dead. He was completely unaware, so he died instantly and without pain. She knew this to be a lie. This was not the whole truth, either. She would have to ask Driver. She had a right to know. The mystery that was Driver plagued her mind in this solitude. That couldn't possibly be his real name, could it? What if he had multiple identities? His past was an ominous black cloud that haunted her simple bliss. She'd been faithful to her husband for six years now, three of them while he was in jail. He'd been one of the only serious relationships she'd ever been in, and in her experience, all of those relationships were work. Never had she felt so at peace; so in love. Yes, she'd loved Standard, and as much as she hated to admit it, she'd forced herself to love him for Benicio because he deserved two parents; two loving parents. She thought love might make up for their financial situation. Apparently, Standard had his own methods. Irene's curiosity could not be beat. The hallway seemed to grow longer as she inched her way to Driver's room. She idly rubbed at the key in her hand as she approached the door. For a moment, she wondered if this was wrong. She didn't plan on looking through his stuff. In fact, she didn't really know what she was looking for. Her hands worked faster than her mind could fire questions and confirmations. In seconds, the door was open and she was inside. It was cold and bland. There was no sign of personalization whatsoever. No pictures on the wall, no television, no radio. Unless he lived somewhere else as well, she could only assume that nothing of the sort mattered to him. Or…it mattered to his enemies. Just how many did he have? She stepped further inside and found a desk and a lamp. Maps were spread across it, some routes highlighted while others were crossed out. \"Was this your life?\" she whispered to herself, turning on the lamp. She looked around now that there was light. She gasped when she turned around, a puddle of blood just next to her. Thinking it was Driver's, she put a hand to her mouth stopping herself from screaming out. One last glance and she couldn't stay. Tonight would be a long night for all of them.[Chapter 3] A/N: Wow, I guess with the DVD coming out, more people have been perusing this fandom. Right on :) Thanx to all who have reviewed, you inspire me. I tried to make this chapter longer than the first two due to a few complaints :p Enjoy the update. It's very fluffy, if you like that kind of thing (and I think you do) P.S. if you're wondering why this omniscient and not first person, believe me, I don't know. I just started writing and completely forgot about the perspective that I put the first two chapters in. Apparently, my subconscious thought that this would work better. Not All Sharks: Chapter 3 Driver stayed at Irene's for a few obvious reasons. He didn't deny help even when he didn't necessarily need it, but he wanted to, and often. He tried to do a lot of little things on his own so to not feel completely helpless with his injury, but Irene hardly let him. Two weeks of him bed ridden and she supposed that they were both facing new ground on multiple levels, especially when it was her bed he was in. She guessed that he'd never been this injured before by the constant battles he had with himself. She could see it in his eyes when he fought himself to not fight with her in denial to helping him stand or even eat sometimes. Even in pain and restlessness, he was a perfect gentleman. It made him very unique, at least to her. She admittedly loved this about him, this passive stubbornness coupled with his active gratefulness. Though when she wasn't home—and rarely when she was—he'd struggle to get out of bed, determined to do something on his own, even if it was to just get up. She watched him do this once, in a corner of the kitchen where he couldn't see her. She had to suppress her laughter. Driver—her Driver, the commonly neutral faced and quietly composed man she'd come to know and love—was standing, arm extended, hand clenched to the counter, the other clutching his midsection, with his face scrunched into knots struggling not to make a sound of discomfort. When she finally stepped into his view, he froze. He reminded her of a raccoon with his still slightly bruised eyes. Not even Benicio was so still when his hand was caught in the cookie jar. Benicio was very happy to have Driver home all the time; it helped him hide his confusion about his father. Both adults were aware that Benicio hadn't known Standard well at all, and now that he was dead, neither knew how their little boy really felt about it. Only Driver knew about the incident Benicio had witnessed in the parking lot. He wanted to talk to him about it, and today was seemingly a good day with Irene at work and it being a school holiday. Lincoln's birthday, apparently. \"Benicio, come here.\" He said, patting the empty side of the bed. Benicio was currently in the doorway, two toy cars in his hands, having been pretending that they were flying through the air and bouncing off the walls. He went in and stopped himself from jumping on the bed, remembering about Driver's injuries. \"I want to talk about your father.\" After a moment, Benicio replied. \"Ok.\" \"You know he loved you.\" \"Yeah.\" The small boy folded his arms, apparently having heard this or something similar from his mother. Benicio wasn't the most talkative kid on the planet, which made it easier for them to relate to each other. But they needed to talk about this. \"Listen to me.\" Driver said, waiting for eye contact to speak. Benicio looked up after a few wordless seconds. \"What your father did, he did for you.\" \"No he didn't.\" Benicio retorted. \"He wouldn't be dead, then.\" Logically, at least a second grader's logic, that was true. Driver could tell he was opening up. A good sign even with a bad topic. \"He didn't want any trouble after you were born. Or after he got out of jail.\" \"Then what did he do? Why didn't they leave him alone? Mom won't tell me.\" \"And she shouldn't have to. Not yet.\" \"Why not?\" \"You're not ready.\" Benicio was on the verge of tears, but was obviously trying to hold them in. Driver had noticed that he was a boy never willing to cry, a mark of growing up without a father, no doubt. He knew the feeling; the feeling of wanting to be tough for the one person who needed strength in her life—for the one person who did care. In his case, Irene. But with Benicio, he sensed something stronger, something deeper than just the absence of a father figure. It may be the ignorance he pleaded now, the mere fact that he didn't know what was going on around him coupled with a passive desire to both know and move on. He could only imagine the frustration, it having been so long since he was as innocent. Though he could understand the frustration of not being able to put the feeling into words. That was something else they had in common. Benicio wanted to argue, but didn't know how. Driver put an arm around the small boy and pulled him closer, coaxing him into an embrace. Luckily, Benicio could lean on Driver's good side and cry on his shoulder. They were like that for a while until Driver convinced him to go to sleep to calm down. He was asleep until Irene came home. She came in quietly, as always, wondering where Benicio was if not in his own room or the living room, and was met with one of the most precious sights she had ever come to know. Driver looked up to see her leaning on the doorframe, taking them in, the peace welcomed after a hard day's work. They stared only briefly before she walked over and took Benicio from him to place him in his own bed. When she came back, she sat on the edge of the bed, rubbing her eyes. She looked at the clock. It was only 7:00. \"Tired?\" Driver asked thoughtfully. She nodded, looking up at him. There had been a question lingering in her mind for a long time now. He could see it in her eyes that there was something she was burning to ask. \"What?\" he said. She hesitated. \"Is it…safe…to stay here.\" Now he hesitated, knowing the answer. No. After a silent moment, \"Not for long.\" \"Then we should move.\" He nodded. \"After you're better.\" She smiled a tired smile. \"After you can walk by yourself.\" He smiled too. \"I can walk.\" He said under his breath. Quiet laughter in a small apartment, two people content with soft love and a child to call their own. Life was healing along with Driver's wounds, but a life it still was. They both seemed to know that and accept it, and if they were going to keep it that way, they couldn't stay here. \"Do you have plans tonight?\" Driver asked. Irene shook her head. \"No.\" \"Cause…\" he was being shy. It was something she did to him that he couldn't explain. It was something he could easily avoid, but full heartedly chose not to because of the small flutter of joy it gave him. \"I know I can't really ask you on a date, or even leave the room…but that doesn't mean I can't ask you to stay the night.\" His shyness is almost contagious, but she pushes the urge away. For the past two weeks, she'd been sleeping on the couch out of courtesy. A couple nights, she thought about joining him in bed, but thought it might make him uncomfortable, injury and all. The fact that she was getting an invitation to sleep in her own room was amusing, but well received nonetheless. She took his hand by way of answering, letting him takes hers and kiss her knuckles. He'd done this a few times before and she couldn't deny her adoration of this man. She scooted closer to him. \"Are you hungry? Because I haven't had dinner yet.\" She said. \"Yeah, a little.\" She smiled, getting up, reluctantly taking her hand away from his. \"I'll be right back.\" \"I'll be here.\" After they ate a dinner of a number of different microwaved left-overs from days previous, Irene settled down for an early night, not wanting to do anything else as well as in preparation for an early morning. It was odd, having been married for so long, but not having him home. She was used to sleeping alone by the time he came back. She was used to spending her days only with Benicio and seeing little of her in-laws. Then he came back, ravished her in appreciation and love, and was just as quickly taken away from her again, for good. Tragedy seemed to like to plague her, but with Driver, she felt she could start over. At times like this, she wanted to do so much more than just kiss him, like they were doing now, but knew better. The time would come, and she was waiting for it patiently, as was he. For once, she wanted to be a little selfish. For years, she'd lived under Standard's protection, did what he wanted, then lived to support their child. With Driver, she felt free. She felt star crossed. For once, Driver wanted to feel loved. He'd felt his share of agony from a broken home and a reckless job, having tried to hide all emotion in order to keep himself sane. No more hiding, no more holding back. But they regretted nothing, for peace such as this can only form from the destruction that surrounds them even now. Sorry that I don't have the guts to write above a K+ rating. If you want T romance—or god forbid—M, then just say so. T was originally for the first chapter, which wasn't even that bad now that I read it over. I'll try my best because I know you want more—heck, I want more—but I need to wrap it up tonight. Please review.[Chapter 4] A/N: Sorry for making you all wait such a terribly long time. You're all great reviewers and I hate to disappoint. I've been wanting to write this for months, so now that school is finally over, updates will hopefully be a lot more consistent. In this chapter, I'm briefly delving into Driver's past. Please let me know what you think and if I should continue with that aspect of the story. Also if you review, I'd love some feedback on my character consistency and overall tone of the chapter, I'm not sure I'm doing so well. And…this is the first thing I've ever written remotely…um…sensual as this, so I also need to know if that's ok. Oh yeah, and this one's back in Driver's POV. Anyway, enjoy. Not All Sharks: Chapter 4 I was sitting in Benicio's room helping him pack for the move. There were a few things he was willing to part with for the sake of a lighter suitcase, but the subject of toys was a completely different matter. Irene had told me that if anyone could convince him to lower his stock of toy cars and action figures, it would be me. Well, that's gone as expected. We've been at this an hour and we've already packed two bins of toys. I noticed Irene in the doorway a few minutes before she actually spoke. I'd looked back and smiled, seeing if she had anything to say, but she softly shook her head, content in just watching us. She's been quiet for a few days now, more so than normal. I know she's feeling a number of different emotions at once; loss, happiness, sadness, fear of endings, anticipation of beginnings. I know how she feels. I need her to know that. But when do I tell her? Talking isn't one of my strong suits, but for her, I'd do anything. \"Can you two go to the grocery store? We need a few things.\" She said. I got on my feet and nodded, seeing how tired she was, seeing the worry in her eyes. I suppose this was something she could easily hide from Benicio, and maybe even Standard, but she couldn't fool me. I looked back at Benicio still sitting on his bed, now playing with two action figures he'd dug out from one of the bins. \"You coming?\" I asked, implying that if he was coming, he'd need shoes on. He stuck his tongue out at me and dashed into the hallway in search for his sneakers. I looked back at Irene and placed a hand gently on her forearm. She looked up at me with eyes I knew had tears behind them. We may need to get more groceries, but she also needs a moment alone. I can only respect that. I glanced at my own hand caressing the exposed skin on her arm and wanted more, but knew it was not the right time. Before, all we needed was to be locked in a heated gaze, a touch of the hand, just the knowledge that we were together in the same room. We need much more now, after all that's happened, such small things are still nice, but not at all as reassuring. Is she afraid I'll be taken away from her? Has the change scared her? Is this all just too much for her? When I think about it, it's almost too much for me. But I've lived too long without this peace. I've found treasure, and I'm going to keep it safe from lethal hands. \"We won't take long.\" I said quietly. \"Unless you want us to.\" She almost smiled, and I knew as she shook her head, she knew she could trust me with everything. I let my hand come up to her face and I leaned in to kiss her cheek. Once I did, she pulled away slightly and caught my lips with hers. It was more than chaste, but with no intentions of becoming deeper. It lasted a moment before I pulled back to look at her. I didn't have to tell her we'd talk later because I could tell she already knew. When Benicio and I got to the grocery store, he picked a cart and waited for me to take it. Once I did, he hopped on the end, like I'd seen him do with Irene. I wondered if he'd done this with Standard, though he may have been too young. I wondered if he was really that comfortable with me to act like this or if he'd do this with just about anyone. He'd lived without a father so long I wondered if he even felt the absence. Or the gain. I smiled at him, silently grateful that I had a reason to smile. I don't recognize anyone here, but they obviously found something about us out of the ordinary. Their casual turns of the head and sideways glances were a little too long for me to take complete comfort with, though I knew they were all just curious. They recognized both Benicio and I, but don't know why we're together like this. A little narrow minded. I should know, I was exactly the same way once, some of its regretfully still in me. This city has always been a little too small for me. I felt stuck as a kid, bound here by parents who didn't want me, friends who used me, and people that needed me. Maybe that's why I couldn't resist the temptation of driving as a kid. I drove everywhere, just to get away from it all. I raced, was a getaway car, got in some deep shit with the authorities, everything. I was a superstar among my peers, though, at least I was in high school. They feared me and needed me all at once. It was called respect back then, now I don't know what the hell it is. But there's a reason I made my rules. I had to learn from my mistakes if I wanted no strings attached. No guilt. But I don't even remember what I wanted back then. Maybe I never knew. Blood was never something I wanted on my hands. \"Driver.\" Benicio said, getting my attention as I reached for a box of cereal. \"Yeah?\" I said. \"Why are we moving?\" I kept pushing the cart and taking things off the shelves as I answered, a part of me relieved that he'd asked. When we brought up the move the first time, he'd acted passive about it, no signs of grief, but no signs of excitement either. He seemed completely unfazed, like he'd moved hundreds of times before when the truth was he'd never moved in his life. It worried Irene, which concerned me, but Benicio's smart. Ever since Standard's death, I've noticed that he's been trying to…figure everything out. He wants to know what I know, which I've told him a number of times he's not ready for. \"For a little change. You really want to stay here your entire life?\" \"No.\" He replied. He paused, waiting for eye contact maybe. \"Then why does mom not like that we're leaving?\" I almost stopped walking. My eyes darted to another customer just down the aisle. What a great place to have this conversation. \"Where'd you get that idea?\" I asked softly, trying to get him to talk lower. He either ignored me or didn't get the message. \"She's sad all the time.\" He said it as if she's been this way for some time. She probably has been. \"She knows we need to move.\" \"I thought we wanted to move. Why do we need to?\" I looked at him straight in the eyes then, seeing the mischievousness that I'd always sensed within him staring right back at me. He seemed slightly proud of himself, but not nearly enough to hide the fact that he was worried. When I didn't answer right away, he continued, this time in a softer voice. I'd stopped walking by then. \"Is it because of dad? And you? Are you in trouble?\" I looked around, suddenly on alert. Now I was whispering. \"We can't talk here.\" \"We can't talk anywhere.\" He whispered back. \"I'm not a little kid.\" \"I know. I know.\" He is still a little kid, but all these things that have happened, seeing his dad beaten senseless, being given a bullet by the men responsible, losing his father and seeing me in such bad shape…there was no wonder he wanted to know what the hell he did to deserve all this. He's too young to understand. For the first time since I've met Benicio, I ignored his questions, all the way up until we checked out and were out the door. Once we were both in the car, I turned around to look at him in the back seat. He looked up at me with big eyes, a little on edge from me not being straight forward with him, and maybe from a few other things. I just needed him to understand. \"You're staying with us?\" He asked before I could say anything. I nodded. \"Yes. We're all moving together.\" \"And you'll live with us and take me to school and eat with us and everything?\" I suppressed a smile. \"Yes. I'll do everything people normally do when they move in.\" \"You'll teach me to drive?\" \"In ten years, yeah.\" \"You'll teach me to multiply?\" \"If you need my help, anything.\" He got quiet for a second, looking away for a moment out the window, thinking. Then, \"Are you going to marry mom?\" Then I got quiet. I knew where he was going with this, completely. Marriage to him probably meant I'd never leave and that he could have a dad again. Or is that what he didn't want? \"If she'll have me.\" I said quietly. \"If you'll let me.\" He looked surprised at that. \"I don't care.\" I could hear that playfulness coming back again. \"Oh you don't? What if we got married today?\" He shrugged his shoulders. \"What if we never got married?\" He shrugged again. \"What if I go to jail?\" He froze. Bingo. \"Benicio.\" I said, looking at him straight in the eye, reaching a hand out for his shoulder. \"Whether I marry your mother or not, I'm not going anywhere. I want to give you what I never had.\" After a second he asked, \"What?\" \"A family.\" … When we got back, I asked Benicio if he could stay in his room awhile, having seen Irene in the living room with her head in her hands. He either noticed her too or understood from my tone of voice that he was needed in the confines of his own room. He half ran down the hallway while I set the groceries down on the counter before going to Irene. She wasn't crying now. She either had been while we were out or hadn't started. I sat next to her on the couch and waited for her to say something. It wasn't long until she lifted her head up and looked at me. To my surprise, she smiled a little. Happy to see me? Or hiding something? She sat up straight and stared at the wall just across from us for a second before turning to me. \"I hardly know you.\" She said. She put a hand on mine before I could even think to say anything. \"But that doesn't matter now, does it?\" I slowly shook my head. \"I'll tell you everything—\" \"But now's not the time.\" She finished. I sighed without conscious thought of doing so, finding myself relieved that she felt that way. Only now when she started to blink away silent tears did I notice the dried tears on her face and the shade of red cornering her eyes. I raised a hand to the tears I'd failed to catch, knowing that she didn't need me for that; sensing the bitter sweet truth that she'd lived for years without anyone caring whether she wept or not. She leaned into my hand for a moment, eyes roaming every inch of the apartment of that she was able to see from here, every old memory that lay in this space coming to life in her overcrowded heart. Her eyes finally met mine, a spark of newness visibly awing her, thieving both of our abilities to speak. I felt her hands on me suddenly and couldn't at all feel my own hands running over her shoulders, to her hips and back. Our lips met finally, and my mind no longer held any control of my next actions. We'd kissed many times before this, but none held such lust. The newness of it all surprised me in the greatest of ways. All of my questions about her past, all of the confessions about mine, they all washed away with every wave of pleasure that hit me. The feeling of her body so close to mine was like the sun beating down on me when all of the encounters I've ever had with the opposite sex were as cold as a raging ocean in the dead of night. Locked in an intimate conversation of souls, love consuming me like nothing I've ever felt before, the freedom that soared through me took control with ease. I haven't been with a woman in years, purposefully, and I felt the years melting away from time itself. I'd needed to be careful when it came to my job. I had rules for both my job and my social life for a very important reason. It wasn't worth it to get caught up with people if all I had to offer was a getaway car and a man who ran away from everything once he got his money. It wasn't until I had to give everything up when I realized how much love I had to give. My world is a dark place. Death and pain follow me by the heals, hiding behind the wheels of every car I've ever driven. How had I convinced myself that I could separate Irene from the criminal life I'd made for myself and bask in her sunlight without getting burned? Without threatening her life? None of that mattered now. She was with me, basking in the glory that is relaxation, release, reflex. My mind spinning, heart pounding and blood pulsing, I couldn't help but wonder if fate had brought us together. Many times in my youth, I questioned the meaning of my life; I questioned why everything had to go wrong. I had so many regrets. Would I have even met Irene if things had been slightly different? Even slightly better? We guided each other to her room, neither of us wanting to fully separate in order to simply walk there, but for some reason, the distance was too great and our magnetism too powerful. Her bed was not an uncommon place for either of us. After I'd insisted about a week ago—which took me an entire day to work up the nerve—she's slept with me in her bed every night. Most of the time, we were content holding each other in quiet, relishing in the warmth and peace we found together. We talked some nights, sometimes just to share memories or ask light questions with light answers. I always wanted to talk; to tell her the truth about me because she deserved to know, but couldn't bear to darken the mood or give her any more stress and grief that she already possessed. Each night was a fight within to keep all of my secrets hidden, afraid she would reject me if she knew. I needed her to know, but it could wait now. We needed each other tonight. During my recovery, we were cautious when we reached this point of passion, always stopping when we became dangerously aroused. It happened occasionally. We wouldn't be stopping anything tonight. No words were passed between us as we expanded our knowledge of each other. Although this was new ground for both of us, I felt as if we'd been making love for years once we began. I quickly learned what she liked, making her pleasure my priority, loving when she half heatedly protested my worshipping of every inch of her skin. I could feel her heart thumping in her chest when my lips travelled down from her neck to her collarbone, her fingertips lightly grasping the hairs on the back of my neck, her leg bent ever so slightly, bringing me that much closer to her. As the night went on, we remained at a slow pace, something we both later admitted to be very different from past experiences, yet somehow the most intense we've ever had. In the aftermath of it all, she lay on top of me, hands idly, yet comfortingly roaming my chest. She kissed my neck and breathed in my scent as if it was something to memorize. Something she might lose. I held her tightly before I surrendered to sleep, never having felt so loved in my life. But even with this freedom, I can't ignore what I know is coming. I can't ignore my past any longer. Please review, constructive criticism would be very helpful :) ","Summary":" A/N: yo…to anyone who may be reading. This is a fantastic movie for reasons I can't fully explain i"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Tomorrow","Author":"Honeycreeper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7922758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] disclaimer : I own nothing. Tomorrow Houston, Texas 2023 There was a certain comfort in the early morning hours. Sometimes when you're in the dark outskirts of large cities you can sit and listen to the rustle of cars and life, see the blue and purple neon shining, yet still hear the wind whistling in your ears. All the good people are asleep; this leaves only the drunks, heathens and vagrants awake. The most conniving, yet paradoxically honest crowd on Earth. Benicio sat on the hood of his car, his arms folded over his chest, his phone in one hand. He flipped through his inbox yet he'd had no new messages. He sighed. Tonight was dragging and he just wanted to go home now, to sleep in his own bed and wake up so he could make some pancakes and play some video games. Immediately after relaxing his hand and looking away, the phone buzzed. He snapped it back towards him to see who'd sent it. \" When u coming over 2morro ?\" it read, coming from the sender Devon. \" Idk, like 1 .\" he sent back, leaning back on his car and sighing once more. His phone also told him that the time was currently 2:36 AM, which meant the people he was supposed to meet were late by over an hour. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a pair of bright headlights making their way up the small hill into the industrial park he'd been waiting at. They pulled up right next to his car, and two sickly looking men popped out, both skinny and pale with glazed over looks in their eyes. One was carrying an old suitcase, the exterior of it peeling off in chunks. \"Ben?\" he said, pointing to Benicio. \"Yours truly.\" \"Ok, man. Listen, Felipe told me you had our cut, we want it first.\" Benicio frowned, \"Yeah, well I was told to get the product first.\" The man shook his head and gripped the small suitcase closer to his chest, \"Nah, I want the money first.\" \"Here's the deal; you show me that what's in that case is what I think it is, then I'll give you the money.\" The man flipped open the case and displayed the three kilos of cocaine. They didn't look sinister, just like three bags full of sugar or flour. Seeing them like that, it was hard to believe that is was the substance men fought wars for and ruined their lives for. \"Fair enough.\" Benicio turned and went to his trunking, opening it and then throwing a sack at the men. The one with his hands free caught it and looked inside, nodding when saw Benicio had kept his bargain of the deal. \"It's good.\" he said to the one with the case. \"Now bring it to me.\" Benicio said, extending his hand. Soon the suitcase was in his possession and he stashed it safely in his trunk, underneath and old tire and some dirty clothes. \"Pleasure working with you guys,\" he said, waving his hand, \"But a word of advice. Next time, don't be late. And if you're late next time you work with me, well,\" he grinned and curved his hand into a gun shape, pointing it towards them, \"Let's just say I won't be so lenient.\" He got into his car and didn't bother to look back at them, instead he sped off into the night, happy to be returning home after a long day. He'd just been jerking those guys around when he threatened them; Benicio rarely brought a piece with him when he went on runs, since usually the mules he met were imbeciles or too naive to carry their own weapons anyway. Some of them were girls, obviously prostitutes, who didn't want trouble and just wanted their pimp's money. Others were blood debters, those who bit off more than they could chew from the hand that fed them. That's probably what those guys tonight were. They didn't need more trouble than anyone, and Benicio wasn't going to play the chump. Despite his current job, he rarely thought of himself as being on their level. He was just a runner, just a courier for the other's. Barely even part of the game. More like an observer, a referee to run between teams. The job wasn't even as dangerous as it sounded, though he knew he could never let on to anyone about it. But it was over now, at least for the night. Now he could go home to his own home, to his own bed in the middle of the lonely night. Of course he knew just as he was falling asleep his mother would be waking, rubbing her eyes and knocking on his bedroom door. Benicio didn't like to scare her, he knew she wanted him safe at home by a certain hour. After she knocked he would call out to her that yes , he was indeed home. He knew the sounds of her walking down to the bathroom and getting ready by heart; the shower handles turning, her blow dryer humming. They were comforting sounds to him, ones he'd heard since he was a little boy. By four o'clock she would be gone, off to her post as a manager in a twenty four hour diner. Once he reached his own street he turned off his headlights, careful to not wake her by shining them through her bedroom window. He pulled into the driveway, and quietly as he could stepped out of the car, careful not to slam the door. He would leave the suitcase in the car, just for now, just so he wouldn't have to bring it in his mother's home when she was there. The thought of that disrespect made him blush with shame, being as she had warned him for many years to not turn into his father. Her disapproval was the one thing he couldn't bear. Benicio slipped in through his window, which he left unlocked on nights like this. He shimmied out of his jacket and shoes and crawled into bed, lying there stiffly and staring at the ceiling. Tomorrow he would wake up and maybe make some breakfast, and after that he'd sign on to his classes. Maybe he'd turn in those papers he'd half heartedly written, wracked with writer's block and apathy. Then would go to Devon's house, and maybe they would screw, or maybe they would drink, or maybe they would just sit there and watch videos all day. Later, in the middle of the night he'd go out, meeting God knows who, and do it all over again. He sighed and closed his eyes, willing himself to go to sleep. Across the hall Irene looked out her bedroom door, happy to have heard the noises coming from his room. He was home now, safe and sound in his own bed, in her line of vision once more. She breathed a sigh of relief, knowing she couldn't go check on him for another half hour, lest she be suspicious. She wanted to see his face right now, to know he was still breathing, but in the darkness of the hallway all she could see was the golden scorpion emblem blazed across his door. To be continued.[Chapter 2] Tomorrow Part II The only sound filling the dim room was of soft breaths and bodies rustling. Benicio felt a head against his chest, and hot air being blown onto his skin, two arms circling his middle. He never wanted these moments to end. There's nothing simpler and more fulfilling than just holding your lover in your arms. Devon was one to curl up easily, keen to fall asleep in his lap for a catnap. Benicio liked that about him, his nearly feline nature, always brushing up against him and purring. Benicio reached down and swept back a whisp of Devon's copper colored hair out of his face, remarking on how boyish he looked as he slept. Strange, since Devon was almost two years older than he, but since he was a small man the dynamics of their relationship were reversed. When he tried to move the sleeping man a bit, just so that he could move his own numb arm, Devon began to stir. \"What time is it?\" he muttered, rubbing his eyes with his fists. \"Almost five.\" \"You want some dinner?\" Devon rolled off him and grabbed his glasses from the bedside table, trying to straighten them on his face. \"Sure.\" Benicio said, standing to his feet and extending a hand to help Devon up. They both staggered to the kitchen, where Devon lit up the stove and cracked a few eggs into a pan, intent on making some omelettes. \"Are you free tonight? You could just stay over. My uncle is going to be gone until Friday morning.\" Devon said, flipping the greasy mass of eggs and vegetables over in the pan. \"Can't tonight. I've got to do a run for Felipe.\" Devon stiffened and shook his head, \"What's this? An entire seven days? A full week he uses you?\" \"C'mon. I'm just doing it for the money. I'm doing it for us, remember?\" It was true. He'd hoped that eventually there would be enough money so they could move in to their own place, and start a new life unencumbered by their immediate family. Devon had wanted this too, but being an unemployed college drop out didn't put him in any position to complain. \"I just wish you had more time to yourself.\" Devon said, bringing out their food and settling it on plates, \"I don't get to see you too much, you're up all night dealing with freaks. I worry, really I do.\" \"I know.\" Benicio said, watching Devon's every move as he sat down across from him. Devon was a thin, nervous man, the kind of person you'd expect to see fixing computers or doing corporate accounting. The two looked strange together, like total opposites. Benicio had grown to look much like his father, tall and muscular, with swarthy good looks. He and Devon barely looked like friends, let alone boyfriends. \"Promise me you'll take less assignments, starting this week.\" Devon said between bites. \"I promise, babe, I promise.\" \"You know how I feel about this shit.\" Devon grunted, \"I don't want another early morning phone call from the cops.\" A shot of guilt ran through Benicio. He reached over and grabbed Devon's hand, \"I won't do that to you. I'll always be here, Dev, always.\" He squeezed his hand and the two sat there for a moment. Devon smiled sadly, \"I hope so.\" XXX The Splish Splash Car Wash was a small affair, painted bright teal and orange, with a row of vacuums hooked up to the side of the building. Day in and day out cars rolled through the center hall of the building, large scrubs and swirling rags banging over their car. The service was good, and when they pulled out they could expect a few Mexican and Honduran kids to run up and wipe their car down, smiling expectantly and holding their hands out for a tip. Benicio was here often, more often than he wanted to be, but this was Felipe's place. It was a good front, people came and went all the time, there were too many cars to count so who could assume which was simply a customer and which was a courier? Every time he came he let the workers shine his car for him, paying them more money than the job warranted, telling them to go get something nice or give it to their parents. His car was nice but not too guady, not too noticeable by any police force. It was a sleek black Dodge Charger, once a junker. He'd bought it at sixteen with money he'd saved from his monthly Social Security check. If there was only one upside of being an orphan, it was that the government was forced to pay you for it. Slowly he'd replaced almost every part of it; a new enginge, radiator, even brand new leather seats. It smelled new and almost unused despite the fact he used it every day. Felipe seemed to be in a good mood today, laughing with his workers and making small talk with the customers. When he saw Benicio he made a beeline towards him, throwing his hands up in the air. \"Ben, my boy, how are you?\" Benicio nodded his greeting as Felipe came towards him, the older man grabbing Benicio in a bear hug and squeezing hard. \"Okay, I guess.\" Benicio said, pulling back. \"Well, have I got a job for you.\" Felipe said, his eyes going wide, \"Come inside.\" He followed Felipe through the small halls of the car wash, back into one of two offices in the building. They went into the smaller one, the one that was oddly absent of any desk or paperwork, or even framed papers on the wall. Felipe crossed his arms and leaned back against the wall, \"So, this one's a little different. Are you ready for something new?\" \"Sure, anything.\" \"It's a girl.\" Felipe said, \"Not my problem originally. I'm doing a favor for a friend, trying to get her out of the city.\" \"Oh? Why's that?\" \"Not entirely sure.\" he said, looking out the window to see if anyone was watching them. The workers and customers were all oblivious, the day's activities moving on without the two men in this small room. \"She used to be a call girl, this kid. Something happened, she's in a bit of trouble with - heh, someone, God knows who. He needs her out of the city as soon as possible. I knew you were the man for this job.\" \"Alright, where am I taking her though?\" \"I've arranged for you to meet with another driver in New Orleans.\" \"New Orleans?\" Benicio interrupted, \"But that's a five hour drive from here.\" \"Yeah, I know, I know, but I'm told that's where the other driver operates from. My friend wants this specific guy to handle the situation. He's going to take her to her final destination, wherever that is. I didn't ask, because quite frankly I don't want to know. We're only getting involved in all of this because I owe a friend a favor, but it will be over soon. It's a safe job as far as I know, so long as we work quickly.\" \"Alright.\" Benicio said, stroking the stubble on his chin, thinking, \"Two questions. What's my cut and when do we leave?\" \"I can't pay you much. I'm looking at five thousand for this run, round trip obviously. You would leave either tonight or early tomorrow morning.\" \"One AM. That's when I'm going. Where will you be keeping the girl?\" \"She'll be here, behind the building. One of their drivers is bringing her, then you'll get her. You're sure you want to do this?\" \"Oh definitely.\" Benicio said, \"See you later.\" XXX His mother was still sleeping soundly when he left. Benicio pulled out a wad of fifties and put them on the dining table under a flower vase. He did this monthly, yet she never asked him where the cash came from. Giving her compensation was the least he could do, especially for living in her household. \"Bye Mom, be back soon.\" he said under his breath as he wrote it on a piece of paper and placed it next to the money. He scribbled \"Love, Ben.\" under it and sighed. He wasn't sure when he would be home, and he knew that as long as he was gone she wouldn't relax. One day he would make it up to her. A/N: Chapter three up on Saturday.[Chapter 3] Tomorrow Part III Route 10 was an anomaly in the landscape. Tractor trailers zoomed along the road, as well as interstate commuters and all manner of out of place transients. The communities surrounding it were fast asleep still, the sun beneath the horizon, waiting to bloom across the land. Benicio hadn't talked to the girl. She was young, very young, too young. He estimated she was fourteen perhaps, judging by her style of clothing and juvenile haircut. She'd barely hit puberty, her elbows and knees still knobby, not an ounce of fat on her. The only part of her that seemed to have aged was her face, strangely wrinkled around the mouth, dark circles under her eyes. He didn't want to know what she was running from, or why. She was in the backseat now, her thin arms wrapped around herself. She shivered lightly, enough for Benicio to notice the little tremor in her fingers. \"Do you need me to turn the heat up?\" he asked. It was only the second thing he'd said to her, the first being \"Hey.\" when she got in the car. \"Um, it's fine.\" she said, her eyes barely meeting his as he looked at her in the rear view mirror. \"I'm going to pull over at a rest stop in about fifteen minutes. You can use the bathroom, stretch you legs, whatever. Are you hungry? I can get you something.\" \"Mm, maybe.\" she said softly, looking out the window at the passing vehicles. \"Okay then.\" Benicio turned his attention back to the road, and noticed that he was in between two rather large eighteen wheelers. One false movement, one accident ahead of them, and those two behemoths would fall on top of his car, crushing the two inside. He tried to turn his thoughts away from dark places, but sometimes when he was on the job the strangest fantasies of disaster entered his mind. A few signs notified him of their impending arrival at a busy rest area, lots of one way exits and huge pictograms of gas pumps and food items. Benicio loved these places, they always had a calming effect on him. He could remember that night she'd packed their stuff up. She'd been waiting for three days, sitting near the window, her phone in her lap. He could hear her as she stepped outside of their apartment and went down the hall, knocking lightly on the neighbor's door. Those three days were the worst of Benicio's life. \"Don't come out, Benicio. Don't look out the window and definitely don't leave the apartment.\" she'd said to him as she forced him under his bed. \"If anyone comes in here you stay as quiet as possible, okay? Don't even breathe. If they get me, hide until they're gone. Then run, do you understand me? You run!\" He was terrified. A seven year old can barely grasp death but he knew he didn't want to die, especially not like his father. Especially not like the driver. After seventy two hours, his mother had figured out that the neighbor was dead. There was no coming back this time, her story was not a fairytale. They wouldn't run away together and Benicio wouldn't have a replacement father. In the middle of the night she strapped some posessions to her back and crept in the darkness to their van, throwing Benicio in the back and hauling out of the parking garage like a bat out of hell. No one followed. No one noticed. Just another van in the depths of the night. His tiny heart pumped so fast he thought it would explode. Eventually they left the Los Angeles city limits. A few hours later they made it across state lines, a \"Welcome to Arizona\" sign greeting them. Sure enough, billboards advertising a rest area came into view. Benicio whined and whined, complaining of a full bladder and empty stomach until his mother pulled over. She fed him tater tots and slurpees and let him pick out a few toys in the gift shop. Looking back he felt bad for keeping her there nearly an hour. She'd been looking over her shoulder the entire time, hoping no one had followed them this far. Now he realized that was the one moment of contentment for him during the entire ordeal. The few precious minutes he wasn't thinking about gun shots and men that creep in the night. Benicio rounded the corner and parked in front of the building, which was brightly lit with a large glass front. Inside were a few dozen people mulling around. \"You coming?\" he asked her. She nodded and they both got out, breathing in the fresh Louisiana air. \"Ever been to Louisiana?\" Benicio asked her, trying to make small talk. \"No.\" she said, \"But I went to Oklahoma once.\" \"That's it?\" he asked, \"I've been to almost every state in the union. My Mom likes to go on road trips.\" She gave a weak smile, \"Must be nice.\" \"Well, hey, you'll get to one day too.\" he said, though he knew even his mother's simple working class wage was more privileged than she'd ever known in her life. \"I hope.\" They stopped off at the coffee shop, Benicio ordering a large, knowing he'd regret it when the caffeine wore off. \"Do you want anything?\" \"A hot chocolate.\" He ordered her a large hot chocolate, and it looked ridiculous in her small hands. In the bright lights of the building she looked even younger, so much smaller than her peers. Benicio began to worry, hoping no one would find a nineteen year old man and a young girl too suspicious. \"I think we should get going,\" he said, looking around for signs of cops or nosy people. He reached out and grabbed her arm but she winced noticeably. Benicio pulled back, throwing his free hand up and shaking his head, \"Sorry, sorry, force of habit.\" She nodded and relaxed a little, \"It's okay.\" she said, and the two made their way back to the car. He put the key in and turned the ignition, but before he reached for the shift he turned and looked back at her. \"My name is Benicio by the way.\" he said. He didn't usually tell clients his name, just in case they could use that against him. \"My name's Connie.\" \"It's nice to meet you Connie.\" \"You too.\" XXX It was closer to seven o'clock when they finally rolled into New Orleans. They would've been there a half hour earlier had they not stopped, and Benicio hoped he hadn't angered the other driver. After all, he hated when his clients were late. They'd agreed to meet at Armstrong International Airport which laid on the western side of the city. It was a good drop off. Amongst the crowd who would notice one girl? Benicio felt bad about leaving the girl now. He wanted to know more about her story, he wanted to try and help her. Knowing a thing or two about being on the run gives a person copious amounts of empathy, and he was sure that she was probably as anxious as he was that day his mother drove out of LA. \"This is it, kid.\" he said as he parked. \"Yeah.\" \"Do you know who you're meeting?\" \"No.\" \"Oh.\" Benicio looked around. There were lots of idling cars here, impossible to tell who was who. He spotted a blue car a few rows down from them, it's driver standing against it, his back to them. \"Look,\" he said to her, pointing, \"Waiting for someone.\" \"How do you know it's for me?\" \"I don't. I'm just taking a wild guess here. Think about it; if he knew the person he was waiting for well he'd be in his car, they'd have texted him their location. \"I see.\" Connie said, \"What should I do?\" \"Go walk past him. See if he calls you or says anything. You can always go up and ask for the time or something stupid. I'll be waiting right here in case I'm wrong.\" \"Okay.\" she said, and opened her door, \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome.\" Connie braced herself and got out, walking slowly towards the other car. Benicio watched closely, his heartbeat growing louder as her small frame got closer to the other car. I hope this is not a set up , he thought, his hand on the wheel and foot on the gas, ready to bolt if he needed. She walked by the man and he said something to her, Benicio guessed this much watching the man's jawline move. Connie turned and nodded. The driver opened the door and she got in. \"Thank God.\" Benicio said audibly, relaxing against his seat. He hoped she was safe now, or safer at least. He took a glance at the clock in his dashboard, wondering how long it would take to get back to Houston. When he looked up he paused and chuckled, until he realized his eyes probably weren't mistaking him. He froze and focused in on the profile of the other driver, as if it was something long forgotten that was sitting in the back of his mind. That face is so familiar, he thought, I haven't seen that face since I was a child. A lump formed in his throat and his heart sank as he watched the driver turn around and get into the car. The eyes were unmistakable, and though his hair had gained some grey and lost it's shine it was still the same blond shade as that strange man he'd known so many years ago. No, it can't be, can it? his mind raced wildly, and as the other car began to pull out, he began to panic. What if it is? What if -? But he died! It was then he realized there was only one way to find out. Stepping on the gas and backing out into the center lane, Benicio went as fast as he could without drawing attention until he found the car again. When he saw Connie's head bobbing up and down in the backseat he knew he'd spotted them, and he pulled up behind them. He hoped he'd be able to keep up. XXX Devon's phone beeped loudly, pulling him out of a deep sleep. \"Oh, what is it now?\" he thought, pulling it off his side table and opening the new text. I'm not gonna be back as soon as I thought. Gonna spend some time in NO. See you later, luv ya. - Ben Devon sighed and threw his phone to the foot of his bed, groaning and rolling over again. \"Figures.\" he muttered, before falling back asleep. TBC.[Chapter 4] Tomorrow Part IV He could barely keep up with the car as it swerved in and out of traffic. After all these years the driver hadn't lost his edge, and Benicio tried desperately to catch up. Now they were headed northeast bound, because if his calculations were correct they were going north on Route 10 and leaving the city limits. His mind was too clouded to look at the shores of Lake Pontchartrain as they rode the bridge across it, and even though his eyes were trained on the road he was barely seeing. Right now he was thinking, and his body had gone on autopilot, leg hitting the gas pedal without a concious effort. All his memories seemed like a lie now. For twelve years he'd believed one man dead, only to see he was alive and well. When they settled in Houston, Irene had bought a dining that table had four seats. Two were always unoccupied, both facing each other. He knew exactly why she put those chairs there though her family consisted of only two. Twelve years, he realized, twelve years one chair should not have been empty. Finally he found their car again, but he still stayed two vehicles behind them. He didn't want to be noticed at this stage; career drivers always have amazing peripheral vision. It went on like this for awhile, because before he realized it they were crossing the next state line into Mississippi. XXX The driver's car finally made a detour in Biloxi. The city was just recovering from a recent hurricane, so the streets were full of the National Guard as well as some airmen from the local base. Luckily the city hadn't been hit too hard, and the only visible damage was some debris in the streets that had yet to be disposed of. Now Benicio was right behind them, not even trying to hide. He could see Connie's head resting on the window, but he couldn't see the driver's eyes in the rearview mirror. The license plate was Louisiana issue, and the car seemed brand new. It was probably just a working car, but he wondered which city the driver was operating out of. As they pulled up to an intersection the light turned yellow, and without warning the car in front of him began to speed up at a dangerous rate. Sure enough, the light turned red yet the blue Honda went barrelling through it at about seventy miles per hour. Benicio froze but only for a moment. Shit, they're getting away! he thought, and similarly stepped on the gas. He nearly collided with oncoming traffic and was greeted to a symphony of blaring horns as he crossed the intersection. Their car was speeding up and he tried to catch up once more. His failure had of course been following them into he city proper. On Route 10 it was hard to keep dibs on a car, but here with stop lights and narrow streets it was far easier. Too easy, especially for someone the likes of who he was following. They sped down city streets and Benicio knew he had to end this little game simply because he didn't need the police on his trail, so he began to honk at them. Someone intent on causing real harm wouldn't be doing that, they would just stalk their prey until the bitter end. But he was putting up a white flag of sorts. The car slowed down and eventually pulled over into a commercial parking lot. By this point Connie had turned around and was pointing out of the back window. Good girl, Benicio thought, tell him everything. Benicio pulled up behind them and put his car in park. His fingers hovered over the ignition and he shook with anticipation, fearful and hopeful all in the same moment. Connie gave a brief wave from the back seat and suddenly the driver side door was opening. The driver emerged slowly, visibly sighing as he slammed the door behind him. He made his way over to Benicio's car, pulling on his leather gloves. Benicio gulped down, now positive he'd made the wrong choice, given the old saying of sleeping dogs lying. Soon enough he was beside Benicio's window, the knuckle of his index finger tapping on the glass. Benicio rolled it down, no words forming in the back of his throat. \"You got anything you want to tell me?\" the driver said, a stern look on his face, \"She your buddy or something?\" \"Uh, no, not really.\" Benicio stammered. \"Then why have you been following us for the last hundred miles?\" \"I - erm,\" he might as well just get it all out now, \"You looked like someone I knew.\" The driver laughed then and shook his head, \"Believe me kid, you don't know me. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to get to work.\" He turned to make his way back but Benicio shouted out again, afraid he'd lose the chance. \"Los Angeles! It was 2011, do you remember?\" This made him stop dead in his tracks and he turned abruptly, \"Excuse me?\" \"You knew my parents. The Gabriels. Helped them when they got in a little trouble.\" There was anger in his face but suddenly a smirk played at the corner of his lips, \"A little trouble?\" \"I'm Benicio. Remember me? You used to take me for rides down the aqueducts and watch me while my Mom was working.\" The driver squinted and started walking back to Benicio's car. \"Damn, you've grown up kid.\" he said as he looked in at him, \"I barely recognize you.\" There was an awkward silence before the driver asked the inevitable question - \"How's your mother doing?\" Benicio shrugged, \"Surviving.\" Though his face didn't falter, a brief look of pain crossed through the driver's eyes, a longing sadness brought on by this conversation. \"Listen,\" he said, leaning over, \"I don't have to be in Jacksonville for another two days, so let's take a break from driving, shall we?\" \"Deal.\" Benicio said, turning his ignition again, \"Where should I meet you?\" \"Just follow me. I'll find a place to get lunch.\" He trailed back to his own car and once inside turned back to assumed he was probably telling her what was going on, since she turned one last time to look back at him. Honestly, he couldn't believe his luck. A/N: Thanks for the reviews! ","Summary":" disclaimer : I own nothing. Tomorrow Houston, Texas 2023 There was a certain comfort in the early m"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"Roaring Like a Lion","Author":"Emachinescat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10251987","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead . Roaring Like a Lion A God's Not Dead Fan-Fiction by Emachinescat SUMMARY: A series of one-shots exploring the aftermath of the movie and what happens to the characters. Josh and Ayisha, who is trying to land on her feet after being kicked out, begin to form a relationship, one that a suddenly possessive Kara isn't very happy with, and Josh must deal with Raddison's death and the mixed emotions associated with it. Martin grows in his faith, but his future is threatened by an angry father. Amy continues her search for answers and healing as she begins her cancer treatments, and Mina mourns her ex-boyfriend and tries to reach out to her brother while her mother sinks further into dementia. Everyone's faith is tested even more, and as friendships form and trials rise up to oppose, only One can help them - and He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion. A/N: So I watched 'God's Not Dead' over the weekend and immediately fell in love. It was such a compelling, beautiful story, with wonderful, deep characters and so much potential for even more stories! Even if you're not a Christian, I think the movie would be enjoyable, especially since it's not forceful or in-your-face-down-your-throat... It's not a movie that says CONVERT! It's a movie that says, you have a CHOICE. You can't make someone believe, and you can't make someone not believe. And it had so many smaller plotlines that I decided I'm going to have a series of one-shots to explore many of them and the future of the characters. I loved the way the movie ended, but I wanted a little more closure. And this is what this one-shot series is going to (hopefully) provide. Closure. And what happens next. Because I loved the movie so very much and I want to explore it and its characters even more! I requested that this movie be added to , but as of right now, it's not a category. I'll change it from Misc. movies to God's Not Dead whenever they add it. I just couldn't wait to post. Please read and review. :) Roaring Like a Lion Part One: Just Like Job Josh and Martin didn't even make an attempt to escape from their seats until well after the shoving, pushing crowd around them had waned. Martin had been ready to jump up and try to make his way to the exits with the rest of the concert-goers, but Josh, who had been to his fair share of concerts in his lifetime, held him back. \"Trust me, man,\" he said, grinning. \"These may be a bunch of Christians, but they'll still trample you.\" Martin laughed, and the sound was so genuine, so real and full of happiness, that Josh laughed right along with him. Josh couldn't quite believe how amazing this night had been. True, he had originally bought the Newsboys tickets as a six-year anniversary present for Kara and himself, but so much had changed since the beginning of his first semester of college. At first, it had all seemed to be for the worse, and Josh had found himself being pitted against not only his angrily, stubbornly atheist professor, but his girlfriend and even his parents had disapproved of his decision to take up Professor Raddison's challenge. He'd almost given up when Kara had broken up with him. He'd known that she could be a little… he didn't want to say bossy (but that's what she was), and that she liked to plan out every little detail of the things that she wanted so that they could have their (or rather, her , as it turned out) happily ever after. He'd dated her for six years. He knew what she was like. But this… To insist that he was being selfish when he was following God's will, to break up with him for standing up for what and Who he believed in… That had totally thrown Josh. He'd only hesitated in his resolve for a few moments, though, because he felt that familiar tugging on his heart and he knew without the slightest inkling of a doubt that it didn't matter that Kara was breaking up with him. As long as he continued to trust in God and do His will, no matter what effect it had on his life, God would provide. Yes, it stung. It ached . Even knowing that she was being selfish in this whole thing, and knowing that God was showing him that if she wasn't going to support him in this leap of faith, she wasn't the one for him, he still loved her. And to have her reject him like that… Funny thing was, that night, he'd been flipping through his Bible, heart heavy, and he'd wandered into Job. Upon reading one of his favorite stories in the Old Testament, Josh had suddenly seen glaring similarities to his situation with Kara and Job's situation with his wife. Sure, their circumstances were exponentially different. But one thing remained the same: both Kara and Job's wife had one suggestion (i.e. demand): Take the easy way out. Don't fight it. Turn your back on God, do what you have to do, and get over it. Curse God and die, said Job's wife. Denounce God and get on with your life, said Kara. Job hadn't listened to his wife, and eventually God had blessed him tenfold. Josh knew that he had to remain strong in this, see it through to the end, no matter the consequences. Because if he stayed true to his Father, then God would bless him, just like He had with Job. \"So I take it you enjoyed the concert?\" Josh asked his friend, feeling blessed tenfold at all the amazing things that had happened since he'd refused to write those three little words in Professor Raddison's class. He'd won the debate. He had a new, close friend, and Martin had accepted Christ. He'd shown Jesus to his whole philosophy class, and several of them had spoken with him afterwards, showing a genuine interest in learning more about God. Not to mention, Michael Tate and Willie Robertson had talked about what had gone on at the school in front of the whole concert venue, and what had started out as a simple refusal to say that God is dead had turned into a full-fledged movement, prompting thousands of people to text all of their friends with one simple message, so profound, with so much truth: God's not dead! Martin beamed. \"The Newsboys are amazing! I cannot thank you enough for giving me this opportunity! I always thought Christian music was slow and boring.\" Josh laughed. \"Not always.\" He thought for a moment. \"I think I'm going to have to introduce you to TobyMac and Third Day next.\" \"More wonderful music! Count me in!\" Martin agreed, nodding his head vehemently. \"Hi,\" said a voice. Someone tapped him on his shoulder. He turned around to see the girl that had spoken to him briefly during the concert, asking him if he was the one who had gone against Professor Raddison, smiling widely at him. She was very pretty, he noticed, with skin the color of milk chocolate, long black hair, and warm, dark eyes that held their share of both joy and pain. \"Oh, hey,\" he said, smiling at the girl. \"Did you enjoy the concert?\" She nodded. \"I just wanted to introduce myself. We go to college together. My name's Ayisha.\" Josh nodded. \"I think I've seen you some around campus. I'm Josh Wheaton, and this is my friend, Martin Yip.\" Ayisha chuckled. \"I know who you are, Josh. And I'm very glad to see someone standing up for what they believe in, no matter what the consequences. You stayed strong, and are an inspiration.\" Josh noticed even above the din of the dwindling concert crowd and clean-up crew that there was a deep sadness and maybe even fear in her voice. \"Thank you,\" he said slowly, \"but it was all God. If it hadn't been for Him, I wouldn't have been brave enough to just get up in front of the class, let alone go against the professor.\" Regarding her seriously, well-aware of Martin's eyes on him as well as he spoke, he said, \"I've found that when you're facing something that seems impossible, and when everyone and everything you know and love has seemed to turn against you, that the only way you're going to be able to stand up is if you let God stand up for you, you know?\" Her eyes watered, and a single tear made a track down her face. \"Thank you,\" she said. \"Are you all right?\" Josh asked. She nodded quickly – too quickly to be genuine – and the nod quickly melted into a shake of the head. \"Not really,\" she admitted. \"But I will be.\" \"Well, hey, if you ever need to talk, or someone to pray with, give me a call,\" Josh offered, pulling out his cell phone and handing it to her so she could enter her number. In turn, she gave him her phone so he could add his own contact information. \"Or you could always talk to Rev. Dave; he's helped me a lot, too. He's the head of the Religion Department, and he's—\" Ayisha finished typing in her number and handed his phone back, smiling warmly. \"I know him,\" she said. \"He has helped me very much in the past week. But I would enjoy talking to you, too, I think.\" She glanced down at her watch. \"Actually, I'm staying with a friend right now and I think she's waiting for me outside. I've got to go, but I'll talk to you later. It was nice meeting you, Josh, Martin!\" And she was gone. Josh must have had a strange look on his face when he turned back to Martin, because the other student flashed him a blinding grin and said, \"I think you are in love with Ms. Ayisha!\" Josh blinked. \"What? No! I was just helping a friend in need.\" \"A pretty friend in need,\" Martin clarified, winking at Josh. Josh rolled his eyes but didn't refute the point. She was pretty! \"I just got out of a pretty long-term relationship,\" Josh argued weakly. \"It would be too soon, anyway.\" \"But what did you tell me just yesterday?\" Martin questioned. \"When a door closes in your face, God opens another one, right? So your old girlfriend was behind the first door, and maybe this girl is behind the second door!\" Josh shook his head. \"I don't know anything about her.\" \"Then maybe you should find out,\" said Martin coyly. \"You've got her number. Text her. Ask her out.\" Josh didn't answer, only said, \"The place is pretty cleared out now. We should get going.\" \"Pray about it at least!\" Martin insisted as he followed the taller young man up the stairs leading to the main lobby of the stadium. \"She likes you too!\" Josh didn't mean to, but Martin's words took him by surprise and he spun around, almost causing the Chinese boy to stumble back. \"She does? How can you tell?\" \"The same way I can tell with you,\" said Martin. \"I'll think about it,\" Josh conceded. \"Happy now?\" \"I've been happy all evening!\" Martin crowed. Josh slung his arm around Martin's shoulder. \"I couldn't tell.\" \"Really?\" Martin asked, not quite used to the American dialect known as sarcasm. \"Because I think I smiled a lot.\" Snorting, Josh replied, \"No, I know you're happy. And so am I. I think God's got some great things ahead.\" When they got to the doors and went outside, it was to see a concerned-looking Ayisha standing to the side against the wall of the building, worrying her bottom lip and anxiously turning her cell phone around and around in her hand. \"Ayisha?\" Josh said. \"I thought you left.\" The girl's face lit up momentarily when she saw her two new friends, but then she frowned. \"I got a text from my friend. She said traffic's backed up for miles just down the road. Apparently there was some sort of accident, and they're just now clearing the scene.\" Josh's heart fell. \"An accident? Was anyone hurt?\" \"She doesn't know…\" Josh's heart went out to whoever had been involved. Whenever he heard of an accident, or the sound of sirens reached his ears, he always stopped what he was doing and prayed for whoever was involved. He was about to suggest this when Martin spoke up, \"I think we should pray for them.\" \"Me too,\" Ayisha said solemnly. \"I've been praying since I got out here, actually.\" Praising God for putting such wonderful people into his life, for blessing him so much, tenfold, Josh nodded emphatically. \"God, we pray for whoever was involved in the accident that blocked up the road tonight. I pray for their health and safety, and most of all, I pray that they know you. If they did not survive, or if they are not going to survive, I pray that they knew or will come to know You and Your grace. Be with their family and loved ones through this time. We love You, Lord. Amen.\" A/N: Hope you enjoyed! In the next one-shot, Josh is going to find out about Professor Raddison's death but not his death bed conversion, and he struggles with his feelings, guilt, grief, anger, and he begins to question what the point of all of this is, and no one has the answers, and the one person he really wants to talk to is at Disney World with his missionary friend... This wasn't supposed to happen like this! And just when everything was turning around... God, what are you doing here? What's the point? Hope you stay tuned for it! I don't know when it'll be out, but I'm going to mark this story as complete because it is technically a collection of completed stories. I'll post the next story ASAP. PLEASE review and let me know what you think - no flames or debates though, please. You don't have to read, and you don't have to believe, and therefore, you don't have to be offended by the content of the story. This is, however, based on a Christian movie, and therefore will have Christian elements all throughout! :) Thanks for reading! ~Emachinescat ^..^ ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead . Roaring Like a Lion A God's Not Dead Fan-Fiction by Emachi"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"we will open our eyes (wide, wider)","Author":"eponnia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12115207","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AUTHOR'S NOTE: The title is from John Arndt and Lisa Gungor's \"This Is Not the End\". This is not the end This is not the end of us We will shine like the stars Bright, brighter \"I still don't understand why you did it,\" Grace says as they stand on the front steps of the dark courthouse. \"Why you turned on me.\" \"It was to flip the tables on Kane,\" Tom replies, streetlights casting shadows on the contours of his face. \"To get the jury on your side. To-\" \"Yes, but,\" she begins, and her throat tightens. \"I trusted you. I told you the personal, private things of my heart, and you used them against me.\" \"No,\" he says, looking into her eyes. \"I was playing the devil's advocate so the jury could hear your side.\" \"You shouldn't have to play the devil's advocate!\" she cries, her gut twisting. \"God could have won that case without you betraying me!\" \" Betraying you?\" he repeats, incredulous. \"You used my words against me!\" \"The jury needed to hear-\" \"I don't care what the jury needed to hear!\" Her chest is heaving and she's swaying on her feet; he reaches out to steady her, but she leans away from his hand. \"You became like Kane, just so we could win . You forced me to admit the most personal encounter I have ever had to a courtroom full of strangers!\" \"Maybe it wasn't just the jury who needed to hear what God said to you,\" he says after a long moment. \"Maybe you needed to admit it to yourself, out loud, in front of everyone.\" He turns and walks away down the sidewalk, leaving her alone on the steps of the courtroom. She knows she should forgive Tom, knows that that is what a good Christian would do. But she also feels like he had run her through with a sword during the hearing, had twisted the blade until she had been forced to admit what she wanted to keep private. Tell a few close people about what God had told her, fine. But not everyone. Not a room full of strangers. Not the court reporter whose file will be forever preserved. Not the reporters who will spread the intimate details of her encounter with the Lord to the world. But isn't that the point? she thinks wearily, suddenly drained of all energy. To spread the Good News in any way we can? Even if it is uncomfortable for us to do so? And if she calls herself a Christian, she has to follow everything in the Bible. Not just the commands that are easy to follow, but the hard ones, too. She can't pick and choose what suits her. \"Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud,\" she reminds herself under her breath. \"It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered…\" She swallows. Hard. \"It keeps no record of wrongs.\" She suddenly remembers Brooke, and the question that started it all. \"You have heard that it was said, 'Love your neighbor and hate your enemy,'\" Grace whispers, tears coming to her eyes. \"But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you.\" Kane is a clear cut antagonist in the tableau her life had become; he intimidated her, sometimes even frightened her with his intensity and hatred and bloodthirstiness, but she knew she should pray for him. But Tom… Tom had seemed friendly and reasonable and not like the average lawyer. He dressed casually and, outside of the courtroom, did not put up shields of legal jargon. She had let him into her home, introduced him to her grandfather, and opened up to him. And he had taken that and used it against her. But what about the Great Commission? What about telling others about the risen Lord? Even though a courthouse wasn't the most obvious place, she should be willing to spread the Good News anywhere, right? \"Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,\" she murmurs, eyes falling closed, \"and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.\" Eyes still closed, she tilts her head towards the dark sky as a gentle breeze tugs at her hair. Jesus, help me forgive Tom, she prays silently. I can't bring myself to do so on my own. What he did hurt too much. Guide my heart towards Your will. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, amen. The heaviness on her heart lifts, and she breathes deeply, clearly, and unhindered. \"Thank you,\" she breathes, eyes fluttering open, and she hurries down the steps of the courthouse. She knows there is no chance of Tom still being there as she heads down the street, but then she sees his car sitting in front of the parking meter and the lawyer himself leaning against the vehicle. \"Tom?\" she calls, and he looks up. \"Hey.\" He lowers his phone. \"My car won't start, even though it worked perfectly fine this morning.\" She stops in front of him. \"We need to talk.\" \"Go ahead,\" he says, but sounds almost resigned, as if he expects her to start yelling at him again. She knows, in her bones, that that is not who she wants to be. Who God wants her to be. \"I want to apologize.\" He raises an eyebrow, but does not reply. \"I acted very un-Christ-like back there, after everything you've done for me.\" She draws in a shaky breath through her nose. \"And even though you hurt me, you were right. I do need to be more willing to share every part of my testimony. So I forgive you for all the things you said, and I ask your forgiveness for what I said.\" She stands there, trembling slightly, and releases the breath she didn't know she had been holding. She has to be content with knowing that she has done her part, no matter Tom's response. \"I accept your apology,\" he says after a long moment that seems to last a year. \"And… and I apologize for my actions during the hearing.\" He gives her a wry smile. \"Your steadfast, unwavering belief in this whole Christianity thing has… well, it got me thinking.\" Her heart leaps into her throat. \"I might look into it,\" he says nonchalantly. \"If I have time.\" \"Read the Gospels first,\" she advises as hope blooms in her chest, courses through her veins, and spreads right to her fingertips. \"Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.\" \"Sure.\" He shrugs, but she is ecstatic . \"Can I pray for you?\" she blurts out. He hesitates. \"Okay…\" She bows her heads, folds her hands, and closes her eyes. \"Heavenly Father, we praise Your Name. You won the case today, not us, and we thank You for that. I also pray that You make Yourself known to Tom. Speak to him as You spoke to me all those years ago. Please help everyone in that courtroom today, Kane and the judge and the jurors and Brooke, that through today they might come to know You or that their faith would be strengthened by what happened. Please heal that pastor on the jury whose appendix burst, that he might go back his church fully healed and continue Your work.\" She pauses. \"And please fix Tom's car. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, amen.\" She opens her eyes to see the lawyer watching her carefully. \"How can you pray for Kane? He doesn't deserve it.\" \"Jesus forgave me of all of my sins,\" she says honestly. \"After that , I should do the same for others, no matter what they do to me. It's the least I can do.\" He raises an eyebrow. \"You're something else, Grace Wesley.\" She smiles. \"It's what God did in me, not my own doing,\" she says as the Les Schwab Tires truck drives up. But when the Les Schwab employee examines every inch of the engine of Tom's car, the gray-haired man only says, \"There's nothing wrong with it.\" \"What?\" Tom protests. \"I've been working in this field for fifty years,\" the older man says. \"And I can tell you without a shadow of a doubt that there is nothing wrong with your car.\" \"Try to start the engine,\" Grace suggests. \"But–\" Tom begins. \"Have a little faith,\" she says with a smile, and he gets into the vehicle without another word. The car starts. \"Praise the Lord,\" Grace says immediately. The Les Schwab employee smiles politely but only says, \"We should probably take a look at your car at the station, sir,\" as Tom gets out of his car. \"Of course,\" Tom answers, and as the employee heads for his truck, the lawyer turns to Grace. \"Well, you can head home if you like,\" he suggests. \"I think I can make it to the Les Schwab place in one piece.\" \"I'll pray for your safety tonight,\" she replies seriously. \"Thanks,\" he says after a moment, and shoves his hands in his pockets. \"Do you want to get coffee, after this is all over?\" He lets out a breathless laugh. \"Off the record, of course.\" A corner of Grace's mouth turns up. \"I know just the place.\" AUTHOR'S NOTE: \"Love is patient… It keeps no record of wrongs\" is from 1 Corinthians 13:4-6. \"You have heard it was said… pray for those who persecute you\" is from Matthew 5:43-44. \"Therefore go and make disciples of all nations… And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age\" is from Matthew 28:16-20. All Scriptures mentioned in this fic are from the New International Version translation. ","Summary":" AUTHOR'S NOTE: The title is from John Arndt and Lisa Gungor's \"This Is Not the End\". This is not "},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"God's Not Dead - Radisson's Homecoming","Author":"GBJackson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10974472","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I neither own nor claim any rights to \"God's Not Dead\" GOD'S NOT DEAD Radisson's Homecoming \"It's okay,\" the Christian man said. \"In a few minutes, you're going to know more about God than I do... than anyone here does.\" But it wasn't a few minutes. As soon as the man had helped Jeffrey confess his acceptance of Jesus, whom he had always known was Lord deep down, but could never bring himself to openly admit to until now, Everything went quiet and he was plunged into darkness; and the excruciating pain of his crushed ribs and punctured internal organs was suddenly gone. He floated in the void of nothingness, not breathing, heart not pumping blood, but he was fully aware. Then he became aware of someone behind him. And as impossible as it would seem for someone floating in emptiness and not standing on anything, he turned to face the presence. darkness and emptiness shattered and a meadow, more beautiful than he could have ever imagined exploded into existence around him. The grass was greener than any green he could remember ever having seen, and the sky was bluer than any blue. All around him were wildflowers, some of them in colors he had no name for. The presence he had turned to face took shape before him. A man with olive skin and dark hair turned almost white by the glorious radiance that shone round about him. A man who held out a hand towards him. A nail-scarred hand. Jeffrey reached out a trembling hand and took the one offered him. \"You are Lord\" \"I am,\" came the reply, in a voice that came from the mouth of the man before him and from all around at the same time. \"Jesus,\" Jeffrey said. falling to his knees and still holding the Lord's hand. \"Please forgive me for my sins. I have spent most of my life denying you. Hating you. But I have always needed you. I am so sorry.\" With his other hand, Jesus gently raised Jeffrey's chin. \"My child,\" came that all-encompassing voice. \"I forgave you the moment you said 'yes' to the question that My servant had asked, about whether you were willing to take a chance on trusting in Me. With one word of acceptance, you undid a lifetime of denial. One acceptance of My love for you undid a lifetime of hatred from you.\" Looking into the very eyes of Jesus and hearing His voice speaking comfort to him almost broke Jeffrey's heart. \"I want to cry, Lord,\" he said. \"But I can't. Is it just me being stubborn?\" \"No, My child,\" Jesus said. \"By My hand and by My will, I have wiped away every tear. This is not a place of sorrow for past deeds. This is a place of joy eternal. Here you will know no more pain, nor will you know any more loneliness: For I am with you, forever. Amen.\" with that, the Lord was gone. Well, not gone. Jeffrey could feel Jesus all around him and within him. He turned slowly, taking in his surroundings. Off to the side, he saw a woman wearing white robes picking apple-like fruit from one of the trees at the edge of the meadow. He found himself standing next to her. He didn't walk to her. He was in the middle of the meadow one moment and at the woman's side the next. He had moved at the speed of thought. \"Amazing,\" he said. \"Isn't it, though?\" asked the woman in a voice that was all too familiar. \"Mom?\" Jeffrey asked. She turned to him and smiled. \"Yes, Jeffrey. It's me. When Jesus told me you were coming home today, I rejoiced. I have prayed so hard for you, and now you are here. And nothing will part us from each other again.\" Had Jeffrey known that this would be how reuniting with his mother would ultimately be, he never would have let the bitterness that came with her death take control. But he was only twelve when God called her home. All he saw was this wonderful woman who had loved him so much and had cared so deeply for him waste away with cancer. He had once demanded of God to know why anyone should endure such suffering. But then only a few minutes ago he was laying in the street, suffering an agony he had never endured before. he tried to remember the sensation, but strangely enough, he could not. Not even the shadow of the memory of pain existed here. After a moment, he stopped trying to remember what dying had felt like, and he turned his attention to the purple-ish fruit growing on the trees before him. \"What sort of fruit is this?\" His mother smiled. \"This, my son, is the Fruit of the Tree of Life. All who have come here may eat of it freely, for it is not gluttony to eat what has been prepared for you.\" He reach out and plucked one of the fruits from the tree and was amazed as a new fruit grew and matured in its place. He looked at the fruit in his hand, and saw not a single blemish or bruise upon it surface. It was shiny like an apple, but as he bit into it, he found that it was soft as a pear. Blue juice ran down his chin and dripped onto his own white robe. But before he could think about having soiled the robe, the blue stain faded away, leaving him to focus on the taste of the fruit. It was like nothing he had ever tasted before. If this was the only thing in Heaven he could eat, he didn't think he would ever get tired of it, and he said so. His mother laughed. \"Of course this isn't all there is to eat. Everyone who comes here arrives in this garden meadow. The fruit here is a welcoming gift. Almost like a fruit basket in a lavish hotel room. Wait until you enjoy your first feast at the table of the King!\" \"where will I be staying?\" he asked. \"A place has been prepared for you by the Architect and the Carpenter of the Ages, she said. She looked to the side and smiled.\" Jesus was at Jeffrey's side again. \"In My Father's house there are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. Come, my child. Come and see the place I have prepared for you.\" \"Mom?\" Jeffrey said, looking at his mother, who smiled back at him, reassuringly. \"Go ahead, dear,\" she said. \"we'll be seeing a lot of each other.\" So Jeffrey followed the Lord. There were indeed many mansions here. All of them were different. In size, in shape, in style. He asked the Lord about the smaller ones, if size was representative of a believer's status. \"No, My child,\" he said. \"Some of the souls residing in these places are content with simplicity. Every home I have built reflects the desire of their heart and I have made sure that they more that meet their expectations. This one is yours,\" It was huge. And when he entered it, he saw why. There were rooms and rooms of books. His mansion was a library. \"Knowkedge has been the greatest desire of your heart, Jeffrey Radisson,\" the Lord said, using his name for the first time since he had arrived. \"In these rooms are the writings of every philosopher who ever lived on every world I created, who ultimately placed their faith in Me. Each book written here in Heaven with the author fully aware of the Truth of all ages. Some praise with song. Others praise with the written word. This wealth of knowledge told from the unique perspective of millions of individuals is meant to meet that greatest desire of your heart.\" \"My Lord and my God,\" Jeffrey began, once again wanting to weep but finding himself incapable of doing so, \"It more than meets that desire. I want to write my own book of praise.\" Jesus smiled at him. \"And I shall look forward to reading it.\" Once again, the Lord was gone while still being present. Jeffrey wandered around the place that Jesus Himself had built for him. All of those books giving a unique perspective on personal faith in Jesus were tantalizing him. Jesus had said they were written by believers from every world He had created. He was never one to believe in the existence of extraterrestrial life. And yet the Lord confirmed its existence. But here in this place where time had no meaning, and where one could move at the speed of thought, it was not surprising to learn of it. Three things were missing from his mansion. There was no bedroom, there was no bathroom, and there was no kitchen. As he thought about it, though, they weren't really missing at all. They were not needed. He now existed in a form that needed no sleep, no food, and no need to relieve itself of bodily waste. The mansion was about having a unique place to call one's own. There was, however a lavishly comfortable living room, large enough to be called a fellowship hall fit for entertaining a multitude of friends. He stepped out on the balcony of the third floor of his mansion, which overlooked rolling hills and beautiful trees. \"All you see is yours, my child,\" the Voice of the Lord echoed around and within him. \"You have a world as your back yard and in all of eternity you will never know the entire length or breadth of it. It is yours to build what you will or to simply enjoy as it is.\" With the speed of thought he was back in front of his mansion. He moved to look past it and saw another mansion not more than what looked to be twenty meters behind his own. He wondered how that was possible considering what he saw from the balcony of his mansion. \"There are no limits here,\" came the Voice of the Lord again in answer to his unspoken question. \"As I purpose it, so it is.\" He looked around at the residential area of the Holy City, which the Bible referred to as \"New Jerusalem.\" the streets were paved with gold, that was so pure that it was almost like glass. Things he always heard believers talking about, which he had scoffed at in life, were very present and very real around him. While he did not feel worthy, one thing that he could not deny was the unshakable feeling of knowing that he had come home. THE BEGINNING ","Summary":" I neither own nor claim any rights to \"God's Not Dead\" GOD'S NOT DEAD Radisson's Homecoming \"It'"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"One Flesh","Author":"Hakeber.N","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10708234","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You are thirteen years old, and you have just met the most beautiful girl you've ever seen. You're at your first real rock concert. Your dad dropped you off, saying he'd wait for you nearby, leaving you to brave the front-row chaos on your own. You're taking in the music, shouting along with every word, reveling in the feel-good energy thrumming around you. Jostling and being jostled. And gosh, everyone else is so tall— you can barely make out the members of Newsboys between the trunks of bodies and branches of arms. But eventually, you get tired of the closeness. (And just plain tired.) Your phone tells you it's late, later than you thought the concert would run, and you're trying to find a place quiet enough to call your dad when you bump into her. Well, not literally, of course—back here, in the middle of the concert hall, the crowds have thinned enough that everyone has a little space. But it's still so loud that when she tries to say something, all you see is her lips moving, and all you hear is the music. You must look confused, though, because she smiles (the strobe lights catching fish-like on her hooked teeth) and grabs your shoulders and pulls you close. Yells into your ear. \"You look so familiar! Do you go to Brownfields too?\" You try to answer, but it's still too loud, and you're not really comfortable with getting close enough to respond. Heck, your face is still red from when she just grabbed you—but thankfully it's too dark for her to see. You make a few gestures suggesting she follow you outside, and she must understand them well enough because when you step out onto the sidewalk, she's right behind you. The two of you stand still for a second, waiting for your hearing to adjust to the relative silence of downtown Baton Rouge. You sigh—a happy-tired sigh, like after a rough day of football practice—and turn to face her. Even here, bleached a flat orange under the streetlight, she's terribly beautiful, and you stall and stammer and finally get a question out. \"What did you say in there?\" She takes a minute to respond, her surprisingly dark eyebrows furrowing under that shock of blonde hair. \"Ummmm. You go to Brownfields, right? The Christian school? I thought I knew you from somewhere…\" \"Oh, right,\" you say, grinning at the sudden recognition. \"Yeah, I just moved here. My name's Josh Wheaton.\" She says her name's Cara…Kera? Kara? You can't figure out how to spell it, and she giggles when you say so. She pulls a red sharpie out of her purse. \"I thought we'd get here early enough to find the band and have them sign my CD,\" she explains parenthetically. \"Did it work?\" She laughs—gently, not mocking, although you feel like an obvious concert newbie. \" Heck no. We got here two hours before doors opened, and the line was already halfway to the river.\" You're about to ask if she's joking or not when she reaches out, grabs your hand, and pulls it close. You're blushing again, you can feel it: but she doesn't notice, biting her lip in concentration, willing your hand to stay still, though you couldn't stop it shaking if you tried. A flash of nail polish—a memory of warmth, a ghost of a squeeze—and you've got your hand back, emblazoned with a schoolyard tattoo. Kara. \"Nice to meet you, Kara,\" you say, and kiss your own hand instead of hers, right on the still-tacky ink. A parody of old-fashioned gentlemanhood. \"Eww, gross,\" she squeals, then laughs at the grimace the ink-bitter taste gives you. You laugh too, then both of you pause. You look down at your phone, while she cranes her neck towards the concert revelry still going on inside. \"Well, I better get going,\" she says, making a quarter turn back towards the concert hall. \"My youth group's probably in there looking for me.\" You say, \"Yeah, you better find them then, haha,\" or something similar, babbling really, as she approaches the venue and opens the heavy wooden door. She turns back to you, flicking her hair out of her face with a seemingly unconscious motion. \"See you around?\" \"Definitely,\" you say, hoping you sound \"confident football player\" and not \"creepy concert stranger.\" You raise your hand in a half-wave. \"See you, Kara.\" She smiles at that, or maybe at the dull red writing still on your hand, and the door closes with an incongruous slam, and it's too dark in there for you to see her anymore. OOOOO You are fifteen years old, and she's still the most beautiful girl you know. She's charming when she talks, and vivid when she fights, and glowingly pretty when she cries—a pale moon crying opal tears, clutching your jacket with a fierce love-hate grip. She's in your arms like this one day when you tell her the line about the moon. You hope it'll make her feel better. Instead she snaps, \"Oh, just stop with the Shakespeare already, Josh. I don't care about your love poems. But what I do care about is you getting your grades up. \" She nods over to the coffee table in front of your parents' couch. It's strewn with papers and half-dead pens, the food scraps of a study date gone sour. \"You're ruining our future, you know that? Just ruining it.\" And at that, she curls up again, her face tucked against your chest. Soaking your T-shirt with opals. You don't know what to say. It's always been…well, interesting , being with Kara. Her clairvoyant—or maybe just desperately optimistic—plotting of your lives together. Her mood swings. Her sudden declarations of breakup and reconciliation, as frequent and temporary as rainstorms. But you love her. You know you do. You just…haven't been able to tell her yet. So instead you run your hand through her hair, down a cascade of curls, until it rests on the back of her neck. Your thumb traces circles, spirals, nonsense words. And you wait. Eventually she calms down, gulping a little, and looks up at you. This close, her eyes are huge—more gray than blue, really, and lost in her tear-jeweled eyelashes. You think of saying that, but then you realize, no, you really shouldn't. You wait. And you're not sure who closes the gap but you're kissing, the way you always do after a fight—softly, wonderingly, every time as if it were the first. She moves in your lap, turning, maybe, trying to face you better, her clenched fists opening like flowers against your chest— And suddenly the front door clatters open and your mom comes in from the garden. You hear the gentle tmp of boots on linoleum, and her call from the kitchen: \"Everything all right in there?\" In a flash, Kara's at her designated end of the couch, shuffling her papers together. Leaving enough room for Jesus, and a couple of His disciples besides. \"Doing fine, Mrs. Wheaton,\" she sings out, then stands up and shrugs on her backpack. You're not sure if she's still mad, or thinking about it, or what, until she looks over and winks at you still dazed on the couch. She leaves, and you hear her say, \"Just on my way out, tell Mr. Wheaton hi from me,\" before the door slams shut and the barking of your dogs sees her home. OOOOO You are seventeen years old, and you just told her the news. You've been accepted to LSU with good financial aid. It was your reach, and her safety. Your next choice was a thousand miles away, and you'd both instantly agreed to do a long-distance relationship. You're not sure how you feel, now, knowing that won't be an option. She kicks her sneakered feet against the park bench and sighs. It's not a disappointed sigh, you think. But it's been a long week—a long year—for both of you. You sit in silence for a while, thinking your different thoughts, soaking in the same sun. \"Well.\" Whatever disappointment she might feel is carefully masked. She bends over, rummages in her backpack, and pulls out a well-thumbed notebook. Takes notes while she talks—she's always been a great multitasker. \"We need to think about what we're doing this summer. You've got your job, of course—but you might want to find one that gives you better hours. We should make sure we get dorms that are pretty close. Oh, and—\" Jot, scribble, underline, jot—\"we'll need to find a church with afternoon services.\" \"Of course.\" She writes in silence for a while, and you just watch her, hoping fruitlessly that some of that sniper-aim concentration would float off her and make its way to you. It hasn't worked yet, but hey, you never know. She stops, looks down at what she's written, then turns to look at you. \"Josh.\" \"Hm?\" You don't know what it is, but something about what she sees makes her smile, and her gunmetal face softens. \"You know I love you, right? I love you. And we're going to make this work.\" You grin and reach over, gently closing her notebook, leaving her pen marking its place. It's been so long now, and so familiar, and you'll never find the right words to say it, but…kissing her feels like home. You pull away and look at the ground. Somehow, in the middle of things, the notebook fell, cover down, its pages splayed in supplication. You can hear the smile in your voice when you respond. \"Yeah, I know, Kara. I love you too.\" You've said it before. You'll say it again. You hope you'll be around to say it to her forever. \"And we're going to beat the hell out of college—\" \"Josh!\" Fake shock accompanies her pseudo-slap. \"Language!\" You laugh, and kiss her again, trusting that the open notebook keeping watch won't tell anyone what happens next. OOOOO You are nineteen years old, and she's still beautiful, but that's not enough anymore. You're at your first real funeral. You've gone to funerals before, of course—a smeared amalgam of memory, of shiny shoes and huge bouquets, of your mom dabbing her eyes with a Kleenex. Both of your grandfathers are dead. But back then you were insulated, muffled by youth and distance. The funerals didn't make you feel. You can't even remember if you cried. You shake loose your thoughts as you approach the casket. Radisson looks—well, old. Older than he ever looked in class, in your debates, in life. Your throat feels raw, like it'll tear apart if you move your lips. You're not even crying. And you don't feel anything. Ayisha's behind you, waiting her turn, but you pause. You rummage in your pocket and pull out a pen—black, glossy, heavy in your palm. The kind you see businessmen use in movies. You bought it yesterday, and you hope he likes it. You slide it in the chest pocket of his blazer, feeling self-conscious, hoping you're doing the right thing. This act completed, you take a deep marathon breath and shuffle down the line. Ayisha catches up to you and puts a hand on your shoulder. And then you see Kara. Your mind's still hazy, trapped in webs, thinking of death and stings and evolution and love-hate grips. And so your first thought, thankfully unsaid, is, Wow, she doesn't look good in black. Her dress is tight. Her face is rigid, and livid, and very pale. And finally she speaks in a whisper. \"I hope you're happy. You know this is your fault, right? If you hadn't done all this—\" She gestures, hunting for the right words, or maybe mustering the guts to say them. \"All this bullshit , with the debates, and the witnessing , he wouldn't be like this. He wouldn't be dead.\" Ayisha's grip on your shoulder tightens as you open your mouth and try to speak. You rasp for a second, and cough, your eyes stinging, and finally respond. \"You don't know what you're saying, Kara. I didn't—I couldn't have done this. He died in a car crash. You know that. I didn't have anything—\" \"I know what I said. I stand by it.\" Kara shoots a poison-dart look at Ayisha, and apparently she understands it, because she lets go of your shoulder and walks to the door, starts talking to the Unitarian preacher. Leaves you and Kara alone. Kara looks down for a minute, chewing her lip. Then she continues. \"I also hope you know that this—that us—\" She flaps her hands, successfully distilling six years of both your lives into a single dismissive gesture. \"That we are through. Absolutely through.\" You're falling. Your necktie's a noose, and the handle's been thrown, and you're falling , and Ayisha's hand isn't there on your shoulder to pull you back up. You swallow and cough again. \"Kara, I—I can't, I mean, you can't do this, we've had— six years, Kara, you turned down goddamn Vanderbilt for me, you can't—\" You're babbling, and you don't blame her at all when she cuts you off. \"I know.\" And then, like a femme fatale, a master of paradox, in a thrift-store dress and sneakers, she gets on tiptoe and kisses you, her hands at her sides, clean and brief and cruel. She breaks the kiss with steel in her eyes. \"Goodbye, Josh.\" She walks through the church doors as if they were opened just for her. She doesn't look back. And it takes Ayisha, lovely Ayisha, dark and sweet, shining her faith like a star—it takes this girl you've hardly known for a week to come back and hold you as best she can. You're shaking all over, and crying, finally, and you can't help but feel like a sinner, because you and Radisson both know your tears aren't for his sake. You are nineteen years old, and a third of your life just walked out the door. And as your crying trails off, and you're wiping your eyes like the tears will rust, you realize that you're happier than you've been in a long, long time. OOOOO (A/N: This is my first fanfic in five years. It feels good to write again. And the characters in this movie just begged to be headcanoned, to be backstoried, to be fleshed out and given life. I hope they're satisfied.) ","Summary":" You are thirteen years old, and you have just met the most beautiful girl you've ever seen. You're "},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"Spiritual Warfare","Author":"sierra.steinbrecher","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12906282","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One: Opening Shot Edmund strapped on his Kevlar vest and watched his fellows also prepare. They all knew why they were here. This battle took place every few months, going by earth time. Different angels fought every time, because different souls came under fire. Well, except Matthias. He was always here for this, always led the battle, even if his wings were crippled by his soul's hatred. But he helped Edmund and the others understand what they were up against. Those who had armor wore it, even though it was scarce. A sad fact. From the other side of the classroom came the demons. Some mockingly kissed the professor's cheek as he joked about slackers, others jeered at the students neatly lined up at their desks and the angels hovering over them. Edmund watched as one particular demon pointed at his soul and ran a finger over its throat. He gripped his rifle, happy for the many rounds of bullets and the spare handgun in his belt. This was more demons than had ever come for Josh's soul, but Edmund was well armed, thanks to his soul. Still, that was an awful lot of demons. Then the professor flipped the bigger whiteboard and the horde surged forward. Quickly aligning himself, Edmund propped the end of the sniper rifle against Josh's desk and began firing into the melee below on the lecture floor. He was careful not to hit his comrades, who sometimes had only their hands to fight with. Many of those he picked off were circling Matthias. Crippled as he was and sticking close to his soul by the whiteboard, almost a fourth of the horde saw him as the easy target. But protecting Matthias was easy. Firing into the mass was harder, especially as the horde moved from the whiteboard to the railing. The first demon into the side isle was a big brute, long-fingered hands that clenched in and out of fists. Before it could get one more step, Edmund put a bullet between its eyes. \"Empty mag,\" he called out, and Lily leaned over with her boomerang. Throwing with ferocity, she kept the horde from getting too comfortable while Josh's angel loaded more bullets into the sniper rifle and took his position again. \"Thanks,\" he said to his female friend, both to tell her he was done and to, well, do the obvious. She nodded to indicate she heard and went back to throwing. As Raddison walked behind the podium and picked up his stack of papers, the demons surged away from the floor and into the stands. Edmund ignored the red on the carpet behind them and kept firing at those climbing up the side isle. The demons had to climb over corpses now, slashing at angels who'd hurried to protect their souls. Angels with projectile weapons or guns whose souls were seated in the higher rows took out as many as they could, but the fight was getting harder. Angels with swords suddenly found themselves holding daggers as the teacher kept speaking. Wading through the demonic bodies, Raddison started handing out his stack of papers. The students passed them down the lines. Then a white hot pain opened up on the bag of Edmund's leg. He whipped his rifle up and right across the demon's face, knocking it back and away from Josh. Then he put a bullet in the creature's leg for good measure and vowed to watch the horde, not the professor, as he descended the stairs, still talking. There was a shriek, Lily. Don't look, he commended himself. If you do, you will lose more than just them. Again, the demons swarmed up the stairs, and were there more of them? Had they even made a dent? Another magazine emptied into the demonic attackers, and the stairs were fully clogged by corpses staining the carpet black. Hot breath was the only warning Edmund got before a dark face filled his vision, jeering. Then a dagger sliced right through its back and pinned it to the desk, dead. A scream rose, from the spot the dagger had come from. Edmund immediately looked around, took out the three trying to get at him and Josh from the right, and discarded his rifle. They were so close now that all he needed was the smaller handgun. For a minute, it almost looked like they'd have a chance. God's angels could fight in all conditions, without weapons. But the screams and shrieks grew harder to ignore as the souls crippled their angels with written words and the horde gleefully ravaged them. The students passed their papers and the demons, after taking out their weakened targets, converged on Edmund. Josh, please don't let me down. God, give me strength, Edmund prayed to his father as he shot a demon approaching from the left and pistol-whipped the one trying to sneak up on his from behind. He grabbed his rifle and started swinging it around in wide arcs, keeping the demons at a distance where he could pick them off. Then his magazine ran out. \"I'm a Christian,\" Josh said, and all the demons did a full body cringe, shrinking away from that word. Edmund almost smiled as he loaded another load of bullets into his handgun and fired at seven demons before they recovered enough to try and dodge. Josh continued to argue with the teacher, saying he couldn't write what the teacher wanted him to, and Edmund kept firing. For some reason, this magazine had more bullets than the last one. Three demons tried to lunge forward past the swinging rifle, but their ankles had been grabbed, Edmund noticed peripherally. The interest of some students had healed their wounds. Well, easier targets for him. He kept right on firing. As the teacher descended the stairs, the demons went with him, throwing Edmund and Josh loathing looks over their shoulders. They sank through the floor, finally, and as Raddison began on his lecture for the day. Edmund fired a signal flare heavenward and the medics came down to gather up the wounded. The demons would have to drag themselves back to Hell. As a devout, passionate Catholic, I have always been enthralled by the idea of Spiritual Warfare. I've seen it fought in my daily life, how the Devil wars with God to get at us. For a long time, I've wanted to put this concept of spiritual warfare together with both the idea of guardian angels, and this movie. This story will only be four chapters long, with each chapter showing the battle behind each of the lectures in the original movie. Please review if you have questions, comments, even flames. Because of someone hates it, I know I'm doing something right! ","Summary":" One: Opening Shot Edmund strapped on his Kevlar vest and watched his fellows also prepare. They all"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"Changes","Author":"Hezzy.Ash","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11757761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You'd think that, being an ordinary teenage I would have a normal life. Well actually I do….. Until. But we can talk about that when it comes to it. Right now I want to tell you my life story, your probably thinking now I want to put this story down, because all the stories that start with 'this is the story of my life' or something cliché like that are boring. Well Life for me is pretty boring, until I met this certain person who changed my life. And no I can't tell you who it is until the end. My story starts with school, so cliché, I know but it really starts at school. It was the end of the day on a Friday and it was the last day of school. The bell had just rung and everyone was filing out of the room. The Sun was setting, blasting at us all as we came out of the classroom. We then had to take a long walk to go from the English room, (which by the way is far away), to the classes lockers. As I gathered all my books for the night, I found that there was a note in my locker. I guess it was more like an envelope than a note. I slowly picked it up thinking it might've been like a bomb that might've exploded if jostled too much. I turned the envelope over and found elegant sliver writing on it. It says that I am invited to a ladies brunch with the girls from my youth group, hosted by Amber Wilson, my best friend that I have known since I was little. After I have taken all of my books that I needed, I go to the front of the school to find Amber. Amber is sitting at the bench with my friends, Lily, Amy, Jack, Peter, Daniel and Alice. As soon as Amber sees me she stops the conversation, gets up and rushes straight towards me. Hugging me as she comes closer. I openly accept her hug and I say, \"Hi, I got your invite.\" She looks up at me with the most adorable look. \"You did?\" I nod excitedly. I can't wait until the day comes! I then hear a loud honk from behind me. I turn to see my mother looking very annoyed and maybe a little angry. I let go of Amber and say my goodbyes to the group. They mumble responses and go back to their conversation they were having, something to do with star wars? I don't know. Sometimes it seems that they wouldn't care if I left. I had the sudden urge to run in front of a car and be done with this. Mums honking horn was the thing that snapped me out of my inner thought. I quickly got into the car without another thought. \"So, how was school?\" mum asks. But considering I had my headphones in I didn't hear her. So she does a rational thing, she punches me on the leg. \"Oww, what was that for\" I ask while pulling my headphones out. \"You didn't answer my question\" she retorts \"So…\" I mumble things in response, not really putting my heart into it. Mum can tell I don't want to talk, so she spends the rest of the ride home in listening to the radio in silence. As soon as we are home I retreat to my bedroom, my sanctuary, my place of Zen. The rest of the night goes in a blur, dinner, homework, and then everything slows down when I am trying to sleep. That annoying moment when you want to sleep, but you can't, my brain is just swarming with so many possibilities, what would happen if I did that?, what would my friend think if I said that to them?. I then finally get so tired I fall into a deep sleep. \"Sirena you'll be late for the ladies brunch!\" my mum shouts while opening my bedroom door, to let the light in. I cower away from the light, like a vampire would in an old black and white movie. I then suddenly realise that, one my mum went through my stuff, she might have found 'The note' and two I'm late for Amber's ladies brunch. I suddenly bolt up and get ready. Ten minutes later I'm arriving at Amber's house, fully dressed and nervous. I slowly advance the steps, I then knock on the door and I am welcomed by the delicious smell of waffles, maple syrup and the image of Amber running down the hallway yelling my name. She welcomes me with a warm embrace, then dragging me towards the kitchen/ dinning area to meet everyone who is there already. The whole day was filled with eating, braiding each other hair, and laughing, a lot of laughing. I was having the best time, mucking around and telling jokes. Then with everything goes bad. My mum walking in and ruins the moment, telling me we have to go. I reluctantly say goodbye to Amber, walking out of her home, dreading what my mother will say. \"Is there anything you want to tell me?\" my mother asks me. \"No, I just want to go home and sleep, I woke up pretty late\" I reply with. And with that, I didn't talk to her the whole way home, even though she tried to make a conversation with me, but I replied insouciantly. The days went by in a burl. Me manly sleeping in, watching movies and doing a little bits of homework that was set for the holidays. Then one day, I woke up, late as usual. I get dressed, in black ankle boots, black skinny jeans and a white, black and red checked long sleeved top. After that I find that my stomach has been Borborygmi all morning. I saunter down the hallway to find the inviting smell of scrambled eggs and toast. I get myself breakfast and sit down, on the far end of the table, opposite my sister at the other end of the table and next to my mothers intense stare. My mother finds her composure quickly, and starts up a conversation with my sister. \"So, I was think you and Sirena could go to the shops while I go have coffee with my friend, what do you think?\" my mother asks my sister, acting like I'm not in the room. I drop my forehead into my palm, still listening to there conversation. \"Why do I have to go with her?\" she asks. \"Because she is your sister, now stop arguing with me\" my mother demands \"So, it's final, you and your sister will go shopping, while I have coffee with my friend, we will leave in five minutes\" Ten minutes later we're in the car park of Biltmore fashion park, Phoenix. I love going to this place, it's calming shopping or being in the malls library/ bookstore. \"Ok, you got your phone, Katie?, Are you listening?\" my mother asks. My sister looks up from her phone, only to shake it at mum. \"You girls be ok, bye… oh and don't kill each other\" my mum says teasingly. As time goes on my sister has chosen and tried on so many outfits I can't count. I then had a bright idea that I would let my sister go on a shopping 'can I have it all?' Rant and I can go to the lovely little bookstore a few blocks down. I told her this while she was changing in a way to tight and small 'shirt' not a skirt that the tag says it is, which showed off way too much cleavage, if I might add. She agreed and off I went, faster than a rocket out of that slut shop and into a quite small bookshop. It was perfect. I slowly walk up and down the isles while reading all the spines of the books, when a title, drew my attention. 'Miracles can happen', I don't know why that stood out to me but it did and now I had to buy it. So I did. When I had just payed for it, my fingers itched to open the cover and start reading. I had to know what was so interesting about this book. I checked my watch only to find out that, I had told my sister I would be back 5minutes ago. With that, I quickly put my book away, not really wanting to and ran. I was running so fast I didn't even notice that a car was coming out of the drive way and being so uncoordinated as I am I run smack bang into the car! Who knew that instead of going quickly to my car while not get yelled at by my sister, I would instead be spread out on the concrete in front of a car that had just hit me? The person behind the wheel of the car hopped out to see if I was ok. I hurriedly got up and started to brush the dirt and sand off my jeans. Only just noticing that I had I cut on my forehead and it was dripping blood down my face, splashing on my cheeks. From a strangers perspective it would look like I was crying tears of blood. The person then notices me and my stuff all over the ground and picks it up. The guy finds my book which offcourse had to come out of my bag and looks at it. He than turns to me with a smile on his face. \"Here you go. Are you ok?\" he asks. His voice was like melted chocolate. Sweet, rich, deep, a delicious sound. I then realise he had asked me a question and I had to reply, \"Yeah, I fine\" I said in a small and quite voice. Taking the book back from him, only to notice that my sleeve had ridden up and you could see the scarlet ribbons of blood from fresh cuts. He looks down, his eyes widen when he sees my cut and I quickly take the book shove it in my bag while pulling my sleeve down. Then not meeting his gaze, I turn and start running towards my car again. When I got back, I got a strong talking to, well more yelling then talking to, telling us to be more careful and sticking together. But I didn't hear any of it I was to busy thinking about that guy. How stupid of me I didn't even get his name. Latter that night after dinner I went into my room, to start the book I have desperately wanted to read. When I open the front cover I find that there is a business card. With a name, number and an address of a church. I think about it for a long time, to long I say. Thinking of how it got in there. It could be some random person and then it hits me, it was that guy that hit me with his car. His name was Sam. His name was the only thing running through my head when I fell asleep. Time went on and I was stuck doing the same thing over and over. Homework, reading, breakfast, lunch, dinner. I knew I had to do something different. So I jumped on blue book and saw that my friend Amy wanted to do something with me. I called her up and asked if she wanted to come over for a movie day, she said yes and the next day, I'm sitting with Amy discussing the differences between The Maze Runner movie and The Maze Runner book trilogy. The rest of the day went so quickly, I didn't realise that Amy had to go back home. When Amy left I felt empty and hollow. I had find something to fill that gap, I tried everything, dancing, painting, drawing, even blowing bubbles, but no luck. Then I saw my book on nightstand, I walk over to get it and read it. All in one night. The book was amazing, but what was more amazing was Gods miracles, he healed them, cured the sick. I was so moved by God work, that I on Saturday I went to the address on the card. The service had just started. I quickly slipped in the door and took a seat at the back. The service was lovely; I was captured by the moment it started. Afterwards there was tea and coffee. I went to go grab a coffee and I was waiting in line. When it was my turn, I found that the guy who was serving the tea and coffee, was the guy who hit me with his car … Sam I think?. He looked surprised but then smiled, that heart-melting smile. He then asks, \"So, do you want to grab a coffee and talk?\" To Answer that Question at the start, the person who changed my life was God. THE END ","Summary":" You'd think that, being an ordinary teenage I would have a normal life. Well actually I do….. Until"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"God's Not Dead 4: God May Not Be Dead, But I Surely Am","Author":"RidragonWasAMistake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12969767","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: The Girl Josh walked in to the sound of loud, blaring music. Attending concerts of his favorite band, the Newsboys, has always helped him take his mind off his life. The crowd was roaring, as every God-loving, innocent, and selfless Christian watched the Newsboys perform the only song anyone knew them for: God's Not Dead. Josh, however, was in deep tonight. He kept replaying that fateful moment in his head over and over, repeating his life-changing moment: the day he finally defeated Radisson. However, he was appalled to hear that he had died shortly thereafter. Even if he was the enemy of all he ever stood for, he didn't want him to die! Just as Josh reflected on the moment he lost his enemy, a seemingly modest girl walked up behind him and tapped him on his left shoulder. He nearly jumped to attention after being startled awake, but he turned around to lock eyes with this unknown woman. His innocent gaze was met with piercing green eyes that could make stones shiver and shake the soul of the strongest man. \"Are you Mr. Wheaton?\" she asked, with a coy smile. \"Yes, I am. How may I be of service, Ms.?\" replied Josh. \"I've something I'd like to ask you. Just a quick little question. Do you believe in reincarnation?\" Her question came as a surprise to the young man. \"N-no, it goes against my beliefs. Why do you ask?\" Josh said, worried about the conversation's path. \"Ah, that's sad to hear. There's something I'd like to tell you, Mr. Wheaton,\" she said before being interrupted by a buzzing phone, \"but it seems I'll have to get back to you. Meet me by the college at Seven PM sharp, please. You'd love to hear this.\" She said, before answering the blaring phone and walking away. \"W-wait! May I have your name?\" he shouted. However, he did not shout loud enough to be heard over the band as they continued to play their one song over and over. He watched as the mysterious girl disappeared into the crowd. Chapter 2: The Meeting Josh woke up, dazed from last night. He had stayed up late at the concert, listening to the Newsboys song God's Not Dead repeatedly. He planned to go again the next time it was convenient for the plot. He got out of bed and wet throughout his morning routine, his mind fixated on the events of the preceding night. Just who was this woman who decided to approach him, and why did she ask him about reincarnation? He had dwelled on it for a while. However, he had college to worry about as well. He ate a quick bowl of his favorite cereal, brushed his teeth, groomed his hair, and read a passage from the Bible. He decides to read a passage from Lamentations today, as he had felt particularly glum ever since Radisson died. He had wanted to talk with him more, see if he could convert him. However, he was unable to reach him before his untimely demise. He went throughout the day as normal from there on out, paying special interest in his psychology class. His teacher, Mr. Rupertsheckel, was a disinteresting man who could barely hold his attention. Radisson challenged him, at the very least. At the end of his school period, he felt his phone ring in his pocket. He checked to see what it was, and saw the reminder he had set: \"Meeting with Woman 7 PM\". He decided to stay for a while at the college, waiting for his mysterious appointment. Eventually, she arrived, dressed slightly formally in a semi-casual ensemble. \"So, I'd like to continue our talk yesterday.\" Josh shouted to his enigmatic partner. \"I'd love to. So, according to you, you don't believe in reincarnation because it goes against your faith. I'm correct in this regard, right?\" she asked. \"Yes. I believe that after life, a person goes to God to either stay with him in heaven or be sent to hell to pay for their sins.\" His response was more concise than what he would usually give to a question like that. \"Alright, I have a scenario for you. What if God had sent a person back to live a new life in a new body?\" Her question struck Josh as odd. Why would she propose such an odd scenario? \"I am a practicing Christian as well as you, for your information.\" \"That's wonderful to hear! And in that scenario, I guess it'd be God's will. So, I guess I get your angle here. But why do you ask this?\" \"Ah, I guess I had forgotten to introduce myself. My name is Jeffery Radisson.\" \"What.\" It was all Josh could muster in this moment of brain-blasting realization. He was absolutely floored, his mind reeled from a few simple words! \"I guess Jeffery isn't a good name for me anymore. So, Jessica Radisson now. I've gotten a second chance, I guess you could say.\" \"But... I... What? I don't... What should I... Uh...\" Josh's vocabulary had fled him at an astonishing rate. The well-spoken gentleman was reduced to a stuttering madman at the revelation that his presumedly dead teacher cheated the grave by divine favour. \"Anyways, I'd like to thank you. Without your words, I probably wouldn't have had this second chance. So, I'd like to take you out to dinner. Is that fine with you?\" \"Uh, sure, yes. When? Where?\" \"How does Outback sound, and this Thursday?\" \"That sounds good, I'll set a reminder, see you then!\" Josh stumbled away, desperately trying to figure out what on earth was going on. Radisson watched her rescued walk away, and a slight laugh came from her lips. She would enjoy going to dine with him soon. Chapter 3: The Dinner 2 days turns out to not be a long time to wait when you have other things on your mind. Josh was still in college, after all. As Thursday quickly approached, he mentally steeled himself for his quote-on-quote \"date\" with Radisson. Josh, being the good God-fearing Christian that basically defined his life, was not gay, but he did always believe that Radisson had a surprisingly good-looking body for a roughly 30 year old man. He looked youthful and full of vigor, and Joshua enjoyed his debates with him. But now, Radisson was a shockingly beautiful woman. A light brown halo of hair encompasses the head and shoulders, and striking green eyes drew a person in. Josh realized that there was no actual time set in stone, so he spent his day after school hanging out in front of the local Outback. Eventually, Radisson showed up. She wore a formal dress that, while modest, still was able to show an average frame. \"Well, shall you escort your lady?\" Radisson teasingly asked, walking up to Josh. \"Uh, sure. Let's head in.\" They were seated quickly, as it was fairly empty due to being a Thursday night. Josh ordered a Grilled Chicken, and Radisson got a Caesar Salad. As they waited for their food to arrive, Radisson eyes over her date. Josh was a fairly tall and good looking man. He had a fairly muscular frame, but not one that made a person think that he worked out much. He wore his brown hair short usually, and today was no exception. Overall, he wasn't bad looking, just a bit rough. Their food arrived, and they began to eat. \"So... why did you want to eat with me again, Ms. Radisson?\" Joshua asked. \"Just Jessica is fine. Or even Jess. And I feel as if I owe you. Without your words, I would've never turned towards God.\" Radisson didn't say, but she was also interested in him in particular. \"Ah, ok. That's good to hear. So, is there anything you'd like to talk about, Jessica?\" \"Sure, I have a few questions for you. Firstly... do you have a girlfriend?\" The question shocked Josh a little. \"Uh, no. Not any more. I had one for a few years, but she and I broke up when I decided to go through with the debate.\" \"Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to break you guys up, even inadvertently.\" Radisson inwardly grinned. She would get more chances with the target of her obsession, it seemed. \"Well, it isn't your fault. If our relationship ended over one argument, I guess it went very strong in the first place. And she also was never a Christian and was generally a terrible person. I'm glad she was burned at the stake by our pastor for not being a Christian.\" \"Ah, so it all worked out for God's will in the end, huh?\" \"Yeah, I guess so. Anyways, it seems that we're both done. Before I get going, here's my phone number so we can text more often. I'll talk to you later.\" Josh got up to leave free paying for the food, but Radisson quickly turned him around to give him a kiss on the cheek. He stood dazed as she walked away, a skip in her step. Chapter 4: The Part Where The Author Conveniently Skips Characterizing The Relationship Josh had spent a lot of time texting and talking to Radisson afterwards. Firstly, it was to figure out why she suddenly pressed her face against his, but a genuine love began to blossom between the two. Initially, Radisson said it was to tease Josh, but over time, came to admit to herself that she was infatuated with him. Eventually, Josh mustered up the courage to ask her out. Gleefully, she accepted and they decided to eat at insert restaurant here. Once they had arrived, they immediately noticed a sharp drop in the quality of writing and the Chinese guy from GnD 2 with the Muslim chick from GnD 1. They had caught up on old times with Mrs. Muslim and found out that they were a couple now. Neat. Eventually they ordered their foods. Josh had a heaping plate of Lasagna, and Radisson has cat meat. Raw. They decided to talk about their relationship and where it's going. It was fairly obvious that they were immensely interested in each other, and they wanted to act on it. So, Josh did what any sane person would do. He proposed with a plastic vending machine ring. Because I'm completely destroying lore, Radisson agreed, and they did the kissing. And then they headed back home. However it just crossed Josh's mind again he was technically dating a nearly 30~40 year old. it didn't really bother him though; this is fanfiction. Chapter 5: Loose Ends 20 years has passed. Radisson and Josh are happily married with 2 children because they are the perfect nuclear family. Eventually, Child B asked mommy and daddy how they met, and they told them the whole story. it fucked him up good ","Summary":" Chapter 1: The Girl Josh walked in to the sound of loud, blaring music. Attending concerts of his f"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"If only he knew","Author":"JohnGilbertVampirehunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11601760","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If only he knew Disclaimer:I don't own God's Not Dead. Author's Note: This story is dedicated to a ten-year-old girl from church that died on November 7th 2014. \"Tell that tome the day you lose someone you love.\" Josh looked away from professor Radisson as his words hit a seven-year-old wound. If only he knew. ….. \"Josh wake up.\" Josh opened his eyes to his little sister Creda staring down at him. \"Creda it's Saturday. I don't have to get up yet,\" Josh said. \"Me and daddy are going to leave soon and I wanted to show you this picture I drew\" Creda said. Josh sighed then sat up. \"Ok. Let me see it\" Josh said. Creda smiled and handed him the piece of paper that was in her hand. It was a drawing of two kids with crowns on their heads holding hands with a smiling man with a beard in front of a castle. \"That's very nice Creda. Who are the two kids?\" Josh asked. \"Me and you silly\" Creda answered. \"Why do we have crowns on?\" Josh asked. \"Because we're both children of God and he's a king so that makes you a prince and me a princess\" Creda answered. \"And the guy holding our hands is Jesus right?\" Josh asked \"right\" Creda answered. Josh smiled and started giving the drawing back to her. \"No that's for you\" Creda said. \"Thank you\" Josh said. \"Creda it's time to go\" Mr. Wheaton said appearing at the doorway to Josh's room. \"OK. Bye Josh\" Creda said as she ran over to their dad. \"Bye\" Josh said. He put Creda's picture on his computer desk and went downstairs to see what his mom made for breakfast. An hour after Creda and their dad left Mrs. Wheaton opened the door to his room. \"Josh we need to go, you're father and sister have been in an accident\" she said. Josh sprang from his bed and ran down the stairs to the car. When they entered the hospital they walked quickly to the registration desk. \"I need information about Ward and Creda Wheaton\" Mrs. Wheaton told the receptionist. \"Are you family members?\" the receptionist asked. \"Yes they're my husband and daughter,\" Mrs. Wheaton answered. The receptionist typed information into her computer. \"Your husband has some cuts and bruising and his collar bone was broken but he's going to be OK.\" \"What about my daughter?\" Mrs. Wheaton asked. \"You'll have to wait for the doctor I'll let him know you're here,\" the receptionist answered. \"Thank you\" Mrs. Wheaton said. She and Josh walked over to the waiting room and sat down. A few minutes later a doctor walked over. \"Family of Creda Wheaton\" the doctor said. \"Here\" Mrs. Wheaton said. The doctor walked up to them. \"My name is doctor Davidson please come with me.\" Mrs. Wheaton and Josh followed him over to the vending machines. \"Is my daughter OK?\" Mrs. Wheaton asked. \"I'm afraid you're daughter was seriously injured. She stopped breathing while we were trying to tend to her injuries. We did everything we could to resuscitate her but were unsuccessful. I'm sorry\" \" doctor Davidson said. As doctor Davidson's words sunk in the look on Mrs. Wheaton's turned from hopeful to utter horror. \"God no please not my baby no!\" she said, and burst into tears. Josh's vision began to get blurry from unshed tears. He couldn't believe it. His little sister was gone. Author's Note: I have never gone to the hospital after a family member has been in a serious car accident so if I got something wrong I would appreciate it if you could help me get it right (and please sign in so I can ask if I have questions.) I came up with the idea for this story after watching God's Not Dead for the hundredth time and I noticed after Professor Radisson said \"Tell that tome the day you lose someone you love.\" Josh had this look on his face like maybe he had lost someone and then the ten year old died and the rest is history.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead. was raining the day of Creda's funeral, which added to how miserable Josh felt as he walked from the car into the church. He and his parents went into the auditorium and sat in the front pew. Creda's coffin was in front of the stage. It was opened so people could view her body. People would come up to it and then come over to them and say how sorry they were and what a wonderful little girl Creda was. When the service began and pastor Adamson talked about Creda and God Mr. Wheaton held his wife with his uninjured arm as she cried. Josh could tell that even though he was trying to be strong his dad was close to losing it. Finally it was time for friends, teachers and family to speak. First to speak was Creda's best friend from Sunday school, then Creda's school and Sunday school teachers then it was his and his Dad's turn. Mr. Wheaton stepped up to the microphone, took a deep breath and began. \"Even though she was here for a short time there are so many stories I could tell. I will never forget the first time I got to hold my daughter after she was born. She looked up at me with her beautiful brown eyes, gave me a small smile and fell asleep like she knew I was her dad and she was safe with me. Or the dayI took her training wheels off her bike and helped her ride it. She was terrified she going to fall. Before she got on it she looked at me and made me promise not to let her fall. After I promised she smiled, got on and started peddling while I held on to the seat. Eventually I let go and she rode it without my help. As all of you know Creda had Autism and I may be biased and though she had her moments I don't believe that made her less of a human being or anything like that. I believe that made her even more thoughtful and kind. Creda was my princess. I will always miss her.\" Mr. Wheaton backed away from the microphone and put a hand on Josh's shoulder as he took his place at the microphone. \"There are so many words that can sum up my sister. Kind, energetic, funny, a good friend and the best little sister I could have hoped for.\" Josh paused as his throat tightened. \" From the day she was born I protected her and tried to love her as a big brother should even when she was acting up because of being autistic. I will carry her with me forever.\" With that said he stepped away from the microphone, his dad gave him a one-arm hug and they walked off the stage. After the reception everyone got into their cars and headed to the cemetery. Josh had volunteered to be a pallbearer so he helped carry his sister's coffin from the hearse to where she would be buried. After a prayer there was a moment of silence as Josh and his parents had one last chance to say goodbye. Mr. Wheaton walked up to the coffin and laid his hand on it. All the sorrow he had held in until that moment came rushing to the surface as he let a sob and tears ran down his cheeks. \"Goodbye my little princess\" he said. Then the coffin was slowly lowered into the ground. As people began to walk back to their cars or to console Mr. and Mrs. Wheaton as they walked back to their car Josh walked over to the edge of the hole that now held his sister's coffin. \"Goodbye little sister. I miss you,\" he said. Then he joined his parents. ","Summary":" If only he knew Disclaimer:I don't own God's Not Dead. Author's Note: This story is dedicated to a "},{"Movie":"Ravenous","Title":"Before I Was Ravenous","Author":"TravelingThroughTime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4239562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The historic letters of John Boyd and his experiences with everyday life during the U.S. Mexican War and traveling the Oregon Trail. BEFORE I WAS RAVENOUS LETTERS PART I September 17th 1846 Dear Pa, The pipe I smoke it burns my throat, but it's somehow a feeling I like. I see these people gathered about their camp fires, sharing their small rations and serving soup from the dutch ovens. I sit near my tent on an old worn log, my horse tied to a small tree. We've been traveling through these prairie grass lands for nine weeks now. I, along with some other men, met up with this wagon train and volunteered to guide it through Donor's Pass. They came through the Fort Wataka where I was stationed. Ever since I joined the army, my life's been harder it seems. And I miss home and the familiar faces of family something awful. The thing that worry's me most is the war with Mexico…I fear it's looking grim for our soldiers. And there's something inside me that makes me fear the battle; the battle I know I'll face again eventually…But don't tell mother, I shan't have her worrying over me. The days are comfortably warm with small breezes here and there, but the nights are growing colder. I can feel winter nearing. The prairie grass isn't much to look at itself; but the mountains are quite a sight and at night you can see millions of stars…it reminds me of how you and I would sit out on the porch after dinner; just talking man to man and looking at the stars all the while. Speaking of dinner, I sure miss Mother's cooking right about now. The military keeps you full on good days, but sometimes you have to eat stuff you can't bare. I've never been one for meat. The good news is that I've been promoted to Lieutenant. I rather like being called Lieutenant Boyd. I reckon I'll close for now. Give Mother all my love and tell little Beth I'll be sending her a real genuine military bullet. It's from my own gun. Take care of yourself Pa. - John September 30th, 1846 Dear family, This morning we went buffalo hunting on the range. Food has been getting scarce and the soldiers and settlers spend most of their time fishing now by the river, picking vegetation and eating some of the livestock. On our hunt we made distant contact with some strangers on horseback. We eventually realized that these strangers were Indians, so we decided to give up the hunt and head back to the wagon train…it's best we don't muscle in on their buffalo if they're hostiles. I pray these Indians will pose no threat to us. We hope to move on westward in the morning. With all my love, - John October 1st, 1846 Dear Pa, I write today once more of a terrible event that happened late last night after our Indian encounter. When everyone was settled, there was a faint sound over Joseph's harmonica…we all thought it coyotes at first, but when the arrows started flying and the sound of hoofs began to trample around us, we knew it to be our Indians. It was hard to see them in the dark, even with the lanterns and torches. The women and children crouched inside the wagon's circle while me and the rest of the men folk took the savages on as best we could with our rifles. Five of my men were wounded and two settlers were shot dead. Unfortunately one of the settlers was the only doctor with us. We managed to rid ourselves of these savages; luckily there was only a small group of them, and we're moving on in an hour's time. The settlers are burying the body as of right now. I do feel sympathy for his family. There are no plans for going after the savages, it's too risky and we haven't the time. I'll keep you posted as best I can. Take care, -John October 10th, 1846 Dear family, We crossed a small river today. One of the heavy Conestoga's got caught in some mud so me and my men had to help pull it out with our horses and some spare ox. Thankfully nothing was lost. You all may be surprised by your John, but there's a young lady here who I've been talking to a little more everyday. Her name is Jenny Livingston and she's actually the daughter of the doctor who was murdered by Indians. I know you'll be particularly proud of me mother. I'm not saying anything is to become of us, but she's a fine young girl and very smart too. She's tall and slender and she has long red locks that she sometimes allows to hang down. And her Irish accent is her best charm I think…besides the gleam I see in her eyes. It's been hard on her with losing her pa, but she's a strong willed girl. It's a bit embarrassing, but yesterday I saw her wearing a calico dress with her hair streaming down, and when she smiled at me I thought she was the prettiest little thing a man could ever see. I'll be having lunch with her and her ma on our next stop. Maybe I'll get to knowing her better. It's amazing the people you'll meet on a wagon train, and from so many cultures too. Love, -John October 15th , 1846 Dear family, I have some grim news today. I fear that Jenny has come down with a terrible ailment. We're not quite sure yet, but her ma suspects scarlet fever. Yes, scarlet fever…it sickens me to think of losing her now. Jenny and I have been growing very close. I've told her all about you all. She is very interested in you, Beth. I do pray you'll both get to meet. Lord knows if she gets sicker, I'll be at a loss. What am I to do? I just don't know. I'm no doctor. We haven't much medicine…I just want her to be well. I pray we won't have to burry her as we did her pa, God rest his soul. I'll keep you posted on Jenny…I pray that by the time you receive these letters, she'll be good as new again. With love, -John Author's Notes: I hope everyone enjoys this. I'll add more along and along. I got inspired to do this after I read a re-print of some actual pioneer letters. I absolutely love history like that and am truely a Ravenous fan. If you haven't seen Ravenous, I suggest you do unless you don't like gore. It's a great movie with a twisted yet incridibly interesting plot. The only thng I hated was the way it ended. To Ravenous Fans: Please keep in mind that this is before the movie, before John was really messed up by the war...I kind of want to pick up on who he is as a person and get a little deeper into that character...We all know that he tended to be timid and ensecure of himself so I'll try and keep him in character as best I can.[Chapter 2] BEFORE I WAS RAVENOUS LETTERS PART 2 October 27th 1846 Dear family, I've been beside myself. It's took me some time just to muster the desire to even write, judging by the deep state of depression I've fallen in since the seventeenth of this month, because that was the day that Jenny Livingston died of scarlet fever. We tried everything, gave her medicine, kept her warm, but scarlet fever is a difficult thing to treat; especially in the wilderness. My heart was broken by her passing. She told me, before her final day, to give her locket to you, Beth. I don't know why, but it seemed important to her and she made me promise. The locket is laying beside me on my saddle bag as I write. It's a shiny piece of gold. I must say it was mighty generous of her. I know it'll look smart on you, little sister, just as it did on Jenny. In my prayers, I always speak Jenny's name, hoping that she's found her peace with her pa. And I pray the same for her ma. Yes, besides Jenny's death, another disaster took place that same day. Her mother seemed to want some time alone for her grieving. There were no tears in her blue eyes, but I could still see the pain of her shock. When some of the women folk wandered down to the river to wash some of the tin plates and cups, they came running back not long afterward; screaming and crying all at once. When we finally calmed the women down, they managed to tell us that they had found Maggie Livingston's body floating face flat in the river bank. And it was so. The men folk and I wasted no time on the investigation; and when we arrived, we found her just like the women said; face flat in the water of the bank. It didn't take us long at all to find the body, and it was a horrible thing to witness. I think that all of us bared a broken heart that day, for both Jenny and her mother. Mrs. Livingston just couldn't bear the loss of her daughter, and I know the pain she must have been going through…they were both fine women. Until I write again, Love always, -John November 4th, 1846 Dear family, More grim news. One of the young girls has gone missing from the wagon train. My men and I spoke with the parents, and they gave us a description; brown hair, freckles and fifteen years old. Her name is Molly Sage. We searched all day, but found nothing but a red ribbon. The parents identified it as hers and we plan to continue the search tomorrow. This will indeed hold up our journey, but we can't leave a child behind. I just pray she's alright. I couldn't bear the thought of anything becoming of Beth in this manner. Love, -John November 6th, 1846 Forgive me for writing again of grievous accounts. My heart is going out to the Sage family right now. The little girl's body was found somewhere in the woods by my men. They brought her back to the encampment of our wagon train, and I was the first to look over her. Her body was battered and covered in blood and she had been stripped of all her clothing. One of the men said she must have been raped by Indians and I literally relieved myself of the sickness that plagued me of this dilemma right then and there. But my vomit was no where as sickening to me as the sight of an innocent child being harmed. I will not even go into the details of her parents' reaction, or the reaction of the other settlers. All I can say is that many of them are beginning to think our wagon train is cursed. Take care, -John Author's Notes: So what do you guys think so far? Sorry for the lack of updates; I'll try to post more frequently with this story.[Chapter 3] BEFORE I WAS RAVENOUS LETTERS PART 3 November 10th 1846 Dear family, The last three days have been harsh and the wagon train has been unable to continue. The reason is due to a harsh blizzard that came through this way on the 8th . It hit like a hailstorm, literally out of nowhere. As I write, my fingers feel numb, and my teeth seem to cling against each other like marbles. My face is covered with white flickers of the icy drops and I'm huddled inside of an almost pointless wool blanket that gives my bones little to no warmth in this hole bearing rag. Most of the settlers have found shelter within their covered wagons. We lost four of our good tents along the trail while crossing another river, and the only two we have now are being shared between nine of my men. The wind whips one's skin like that of a pop whip, and there's a few settlers beside me struggling to keep a fire kindling for the sake of their coffee and chilled hands. In this sudden harshness of nature, I only fear for the worse. I don't see how we'll manage in this climate. Food is getting scarcer amongst our train, and hunting and vegetation gathering would be an endless struggle to success at this point. We're forty three miles from reaching Fort Yukon, and if God willing, we'll get there somehow. It may be on a wing and a prayer, but if we can make it to the fort, there may be hope for our party yet. I'll write again soon, -Your John.[Chapter 4] BEFORE I WAS RAVENOUS LETTERS PART 4 December 7th, 1846 Dear Family, God's blessings have carried us through. We have been stationed at Fort Yukon for three days now, retaining the much needed rest and nourishment that we needed. As I sit on the wooden planks outside the Colonel's office, I watch a few of the settler children frolicking about with their hound. The soldiers have been very generous to our train. Even Emmet, one of the farmers who's yoke was lost, has been given a new one from the stable keeper. Everything is peaceful now, and we'll be staying put till winter calms. But our coming here was the utmost difficult of tasks. At times, I doubted any of us would make the forty miles that led us here. Another blizzard came and went before our arrival at Fort Yukon; and in the snow we were blind but desperate. Against my counseling, the settlers were determined to carry on in the snow, anxious to find the Fort where they could feed the starving children. But the snow was so deep until they were forced to stay put, despite their efforts and rebellions. We shivered in the snow, the soldiers and I. The settlers bunked up in their empty wagons. All their belongings, save the blankets and quilts, were put out for the making of extra room in the Conestogas. There were times when I thought, that if I didn't do so myself, one of my men would surely freeze over to death and I couldn't bear losing any of them. When the snow storm passed us by in it's forgiveness, we were relieved, but it was a struggle to pull the wagons and the animals out of their snow pits in which they were buried. And to add to our little list of dilemmas, we found that one of the elders and two young children had been stricken with fever. We weren't delayed by the ill-fated news, and we moved on. Staying behind and trying to tend illness with unskilled hands would be futile and there was better hope in reaching Fort Yukon for doctoring. We trailed on for four days until we reached the woods. There we rested and luck returned to our side in small quantity with the gathering of timber for the fires and the killing of a stag. Our meager meal of deer meat was accepted by all of us with gratitude, and one of the mothers brewed some deer stew over the fire for the sick ones. That night we caught no sleep. Wolves crowded round us in the foothills of the woods, smelling the carcass remains of the stag, though we carried it far off, and growing curious of our camp. I held my rifle close, keeping my eyes open, tired as they were, and listening out for wolf-mischief. The next day came not a moment too soon, but in a manner we would not welcome. We discovered, from news of Emmet, that his wife, the mother of the ill little ones, had caught fever as well and that the children and the elderly lady were only getting sicker. We settled her into the comfort of the wagon along with the other sick ones, and we started back on the trail not a moment too soon. We didn't take the time to settle out what few rations of food we had. We figured we'd eat on the way. Ten days came, another child fell ill and I was coming to worry that our train would not last another week with the ill tidings of fever it brought us. The following day, Emmet had made some soup for the sick, and when he brought it to them he came blundering out of the wagon screaming; \"Miss Lucy's dead! Miss Lucy's dead!\" We gave the old woman as best a funeral as we could; and afterwards we moved on with heavy hearts. We knew the possibilities at hand and I could only imagine the fear that Emmet felt for his sick-ridden family. In the days that followed Miss Lucy's death, my soldiers and I and the other strong bodied settlers hunted like scavengers, returning only with small foul or vermin if anything at all. The food just wasn't enough to sustain us all. We were getting weary along the trail. Five days passed us again and we were moving slow. Everyone was getting ravenous and it made me uneasy. \"What about the cow? We don't need her!\" shouted one of the hungry men. \"We need her milk!\" Protested a woman who cradled a baby in her arms. The old Jersey was all we had left of the livestock and I wasn't about to let the horses or oxen fall victim to hungry humans. They were all we had to pull the wagons through the snow. Despite the whimpering woman with the baby, the men butchered the poor cow and roasted her remains on the flame. I strayed off into the woods during the event, keeping my horse close at my side. I couldn't bear the sight of blood that was yet to come. The blood made me ill in my mind as did the cow's cries. Night came and went and I watched the stars till they disappeared. As I readied myself for the new day, I caught sight of a small number of horsemen headed our way from the dale. With the gathering of my men, we rode out to meet them and to our relief, they came from Fort Yukon. The soldiers followed us back to the wagon encampment, and helped ready the settlers. It was a three day's journey but we made there in time. The children and Emmet's wife are still under the doctor's watch and from what I understand, are doing well despite their raspy coughs. Last night the Colonel told me that he'd like to meet with me in his office tonight. He said he had news concerning the war against Mexico that he wanted to share with me. I'll be going to speak with him in about an hour. I'll close for now. - Your John. ","Summary":" The historic letters of John Boyd and his experiences with everyday life during the U.S. Mexican Wa"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"God's Not Dead 3: God's Even Less Dead Than He Was Before","Author":"MostlyEinsteinPoems","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12846293","Passage":"[Chapter 1] God's Not Dead 3: God's Even Less Dead than He Was Before Chapter 1 Sarah Markerson hurriedly made her way through the brightly lit halls of Wellesly High School with a lot on her mind. As Junior Class President, Chairwoman of the Prom Committee (not to mention a shoe-in for Prom Queen the following year), and President of The Christian Students Club, she was never left with much free time. \"Hey Sarah!\" \"Afternoon, Sarah!\" \"You look so pretty today, Sarah!\" Compliments and greetings showered her from every angle. She had so many friends. Nearly everyone liked her. All the boys wanted to date her, the prettiest, most popular girl in school. Even better, her father, Pastor Mark Markerson was famous in the town of Wellesly, Idaho. He was known as the Godliest of all the town's ministers. Sarah was bathed in the light of the Holy Spirit through and through. She was known for throwing the best prayer parties in all of Wellesly High, and all the cool kids went. She always made the most rockin' snickerdoodles for the guests, and if anyone forgot their Bible, she ALWAYS had spares they could borrow. In short: She was Grade \"A\" Certified Cool. Finally reaching the classroom where the Junior Class Council was meeting, she bounded through the doorway. \"Sorry I'm late! The prom committee meeting ran a little long! I convinced them we needed to end it with a prayer for a wholesome and Godly prom!\" \"Oh, it's ok Sarah, we know how busy life can be when you're doing the work of the Lord!\" said Laney, Junior Class Vice President. \"Would you like to start our meeting off with a prayer for God's guidance in our governance of our beloved classmates?\" \"Sure!\" Everyone bowed their heads. \"Lord, we ask humbly that you guide us, your lowly servants, in our meeting tonight. We ask that you guard our hearts from evil as we decide on the lead story for the student government newsletter. We ask that you lead us not into the temptation of sinful debauchery when discussing pep rally fundraising ideas. We give thanks for the many potato chips on our refreshment table, for we know there are refreshment tables in Africa with no potato chips at all. Be with us as we move on to the upcoming election for next year's student body government. May the most Godly person win. In Jesus' name we pray, amen.\" \"Amen,\" parroted the room. The meeting went on as it usually did, with votes on the newsletter, and the pep rallies. Finally, there was one more order of business: The upcoming election of the Senior Class President, the most important position in all of the student body government. To make the ballot, prospective candidates needed fifty students' signatures, the endorsement of three members of faculty, and a $25 filing fee. It was daunting, by far the most onerous set of requirements of candidacy for any officer position. Everyone expected Sarah to be the only candidate running, as only she could charm so many students and teachers in the short window between Spring Break and the filing deadline. \"Madame Secretary,\" said Sarah, \"will you please read aloud the candidates who have applied for positions in Senior Class government?\" Stacey Rodgers looked down at her notes. She read through the myriad candidates for various Senior class committees before finally getting to the top officers. \"Treasurer: John Matthews, Blake Jefferson, and Rodney McLane.\" \"Secretary: Stacey Rodgers and Alicia Green.\" \"Vice President: Laney Sanders.\" Laney smiled. \"President: Sarah Markerson, and Sergei Ivanov. The election is to be held two weeks from today.\" Sarah's perpetual smile did not break; it only dimmed a little. \"Before we adjourn, let us once more pray to God for his guidance in the upcoming election, and a safe trip home tonight for all of us.\" And so they prayed. After the meeting adjourned, Sarah met up with Laney, who was giving her a ride home. \"Congrats on being the only candidate for VP, Lanes!\" said Sarah. \"Thanks Sarah. I'm sure you'll win the presidency,\" said Laney as she buckled her seatbelt and adjusted her side- and rearview mirrors for safety. She slowly backed out of her parking spot while frequently checking her surroundings for oncoming cars and pedestrians. She double-checked that her headlights were on for good night-time driving visibility, but that her high beams were only in use when she was more than 500 feet away from any other vehicle. She had made sure to adjust her radio and air condition before setting the car in motion so that she would not be distracted while driving, and she was confident that her tire pressure was at the manufacturer's recommended level for safe operaton. \"I guess I haven't had much time to meet new friends. Who is that Sergei fellow, anyway? I'd love to invite him to a prayer party as a show of sportsmanship.\" Laney's smile began to fade, and her 10-and-2 grip on the steering wheel tightened. \"Sarah, haven't you heard?\" Laney's voice lowered, as though afraid to be overheard by even the Lord himself. \"Sergei is the president of that new Atheist club that started after Christmas Break.\" \"Atheist club?!\" cried Sarah. \"What in the world are you talking about? How could there be such a thing at Wellesly High! They'd have to get principal approval and a faculty sponsor! There's no way an atheist club could start up! Not here! Not here!\" Sarah's heart was pounding. Tears were welling up in her eyes. Atheism was something that happened in big cities, where there was violence and pornography and multiculturalism. God's hand was protecting Wellesly, wasn't it? \"I was as surprised as you, Sarah. When I first heard a group of students were experimenting with secularism, I was taken aback. However, I was confident Principal Miller would put a stop to it.\" \"Didn't he? Principal Miller is such a Godly man. I know he would do anything to protect students' hearts from atheism's Satanic pull.\" \"I'm sure he tried, Sarah. But something must have gotten to him. If even a Godly man like Principal Miller can be turned, what hope is there for us?\" Sarah was on the verge of a full meltdown. \"And the faculty sponsor? Every teacher I know is a lover of Christ! They would never aid in the creation of such a club!\" Laney's voice lowered even further, almost to a whisper. \"It's that new biology teacher, Sarah. Mr. Petrov. He didn't get his Associates in education at Wellesly Bible College. He didn't go to Wellesly Bible College at all! I heard he has a degree in biology from Boise State. Do you know what that means?!\" Sarah, trembling, nodded. \"He's lived in Boise. The big city. A den of secularism and debauchery.\" \"That's not even the worst of it. When you go to a big, secular college like that, they brainwash you. And then they make you brainwash others! Mr. Petrov has been spreading crazy theories about the origin of man to everyone taking his AP Bio class.\" Sarah was puzzled. \"AP Bio? Why would the school offer an AP Bio class? My dad said Wellesly Bible College doesn't recognize AP credit so I should take home economics and learn how to care for my future husband instead.\" \"They don't, Sarah. Do you know what that means? Mr. Petrov is trying to get kids to go to college in big, flashy cities like Boise! He wants to help godless professors brainwash people like they did to him!\" Laney came to a complete stop at a stop sign. She looked to her left, her right, and then her left again. When there was no oncoming traffic, she proceeded through the intersection, continuing to check her right and left for oncoming cars, as well as crossing pedestrians. Sarah felt sick to her stomach. She had almost taken the AP Bio course. Without her father's guidance, she could have fallen astray from the Path of Christ. She looked at Laney, her fear turning to righteous anger. \"Tomorrow, I'm talking to Principal Miller. I'm going to get to the bottom of this 'Atheist Club'.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Room 107 was dimly lit as the members of the Wellesly High Atheist Club poured in. When the club first began four months earlier, there were only seven of them. However, as Mr. Petrov's atheistic theories began to take root in the young minds of his AP Bio class, their numbers swelled. Now, there were nearly thirty. Sergei Ivanov strolled to the front of the room. \"My fellow secularists. Our plans have nearly come to fruition. With the aid of our Benefactors, my candidacy for Senior Class President has been established. Soon, our Benefactors will ensure my victory, and control of Wellesly High will belong to the Atheists! We will end prayer in the morning announcements! We will fill the student government newsletters with glorious Blasphemy! And every student in the entire school will be forced to cry out with one voice: GOD IS DEAD!\" The atheists let out an animalistic howl in celebration. They had already come to see themselves as nothing more than mere beasts. \"Silence!\" yelled Sergei. \"Our impending victory would not have been possible without the assistance of our beloved sponsor, Mr. Petrov. Mr. Petrov, do you have any words for us?\" A small, bald, pale-faced man, aged beyond his years, stepped forward from the shadows. He wore a dark, hooded cloak, and smelled of Arm & Hammer-brand deodorant. \"Remember only this, my children: Life is meaningless. There is nothing in this universe to be worshipped but ourselves. Now, let us begin the ritual. Feast of my blood, young ones.\" Sergei bore an evil grin as he pressed \"Play\" on a large boombox. The hellish music of Slipknot began roaring through the speakers. Mr. Petrov moved to the desk at the front of the room, where a large chalice filled with water awaited him. He took out his pocket knife and sliced over his wrist, letting the blood pour into the chalice. Finally, he bandaged his wound and stirred his blood into the water. One by one, the atheists stepped forward to drink the blood of their teacher so they might gain his power, as was taught by Darwin's theories.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Sarah tossed and turned in her sleep. She had nightmares of Satan and atheists dancing in the darkened halls of Wellesly High, proclaiming that the Earth was more than 10,000 years old. They taunted her, ripping Bibles and snickerdoodles from her hands. Her heart cried out to Jesus for peace. Suddenly, she found herself on beach, waves lazily lapping at the sandy shore. She stood up and saw a man in front of her. She remarked that he looked just like Dr. Sol Harkins, the protagonist of her favorite movie, Let There Be Light. \"My name is Jeffrey Radisson,\" said the man. \"I once was an evil atheist like Mr. Petrov. Only by the grace of God does my spirit visit your dream tonight. Listen to me, Sarah. The atheists want more than to control student government. They want to control all of Wellesly High. They want to rid the entire school of the light of God! You must stop them. Trust in the Holy Spirit. It will always show you the way.\" Sarah's alarm clock sounded. She awoke to realize she was clutching her Bible. She felt the Peace of the Holy Spirit coursing through her. She was on a mission from God. She would start her investigation into the infestation of secularism with Principal Miller. She ran down to the dining room, where her father was waiting on her mother to finish cooking breakfast. \"Father, I need advice.\" Mark Markerson looked at his daughter with kindness in his eyes. He was a bit older than the average Wellesly father of a teenager. He had taken his sweet time settling down, and gotten married at the ripe old age of twenty. Now, he was paying for it: He was nearing thirty-eight and had yet to receive a single grandchild. \"Sweetie, we've been over this. Please, call me Pastor Markerson.\" \"Pastor Markerson, has the spirit of a brother in Christ ever visited your dream?\" Mark furrowed his brow. \"Only once, child. When a man tried to open a restaurant serving food from the godless land of China. I remember the horror on my parishioners' faces. They could scarcely pronounce half the menu.\" \"Who visited you, pastor?\" \"It was Colonel Sanders.\" \"Is that a relative of Laney's?\" \"No, it was the Colonel Sanders who started KFC. He assured me that all would be well. And sure enough, that very month the restaurant was bought out and converted to a KFC franchise. The moral of the story is this: Always trust in the Holy Spirit. It will never lead you astray. You're a Godly child, Sarah. One of these days you will make a fine housewife. And a fine mother, too, I should say. You've certainly got the hips for it.\" Mark Markerson gave his daughter a knowing wink. \"Thank you, fath- I mean, Pastor Markerson!\" And with that Sarah was out the door. Mrs. Markerson entered the dining room with eggs, toast, and bacon on a platter. \"Where did Sarah go, dear?\" Mark Markerson's smile grew ever kinder. \"Sweetheart, we've been over this before, please call me Pastor Markerson.\" \"Sorry, Pastor.\" \"Young Sarah was in a hurry to leave, sweetheart. She must have smelled your terrible cooking. Sometimes I wonder why God led me to marry you.\" The couple clasped hands and shared a hearty laugh.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"Remember, Sarah, don't unbuckle your seatbelt until the car is safely in 'Park',\" said Laney as she pulled into her parking spot. Laney was always in the know when it came to defensive and safe driving. She never drove without her seatbelt on, or while under the influence of caffeine. She had elevated turn signal usage to an art form. She dreamed of the day that she would finally have children of her own to teach the art of safe, defensive, and Godly driving. Of course, she was only a Junior in high school, so that day was at least 18 months away. \"Thanks Laney, you're the coolest!\" remarked Sarah brightly. \"Do you want to lead our prayer this morning for a safe and productive school day?\" \"You know I do! Let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you again for delivering us safely to school this morning. Thank you for keeping my speed under the posted limit. Thank you for maintaining a safe level of tread on my tires. Thank you for the synthetic oil which so efficiently lubricates the engine.\" Sarah winced when Laney said the word \"lubricates\". It was such an impure-sounding word. Nonetheless, Laney continued. \"Please guide us throughout our school day, and guard our hearts from the sinful pleasures of the world. In Jesus' name we pray, amen. How'd I do, Sarah?\" \"A little shorter than God probably would have liked, Laney, but that's fine: I've got to meet with Principal Miller before class.\" Lacey's eyes widened. \"Oh no, I forgot to mention your meeting with Principal Miller in our prayer! Do you want to have an auxiliary prayer for that?\" Sarah was already on her way out of the car. \"No time, I'll pray on the way there! Bye!\" Sarah jogged toward the principal's office. Time was of the essence. She knew that secularism was tightening its grip on her beloved school with each passing minute. Principal Miller's door was open when Sarah got there. She marched past his secretary unannounced. Principal Miller was sitting at his desk, apparently in deep contemplation. He looked up at Sarah. \"Sarah!\" he said, \"what a pleasant surprise! I was just saying my morning prayer. Would you care to join me?\" \"I'd love to, Principal Miller, but there's something urgent we need to discuss. Do you mind if I shut your door?\" \"Go ahead! A lot can happen between an adult administrator and a high school student behind closed doors. Like intense Bible study!\" said Principal Miller excitedly. \"Principal Miller, I wish there was time for an extra Bible study today, but there's a serious issue going on.\" Sarah looked around, as if searching for hidden microphones. \"I've heard that the school has… an atheist club.\" Principal Miller's face took on a sour look. It was not one of shock, but of shame. \"Sarah, I know all about the atheist club.\" Sarah's heart sank into her stomach. \"Then HOW, Principal Miller, could you have allowed students to continue to operate an atheist club in a Godly place like this? Why didn't you try to stop them?!\" \"Sarah, I did try. When that slimy Mr. Petrov told me his student Sergei wanted to start an atheist club, I was like 'No, way, Jose!' And I showed him right out the door along with one of the pocket Bibles I keep handy for students who misbehave. \"But a few days later, Mr. Petrov showed up again, along with Sergei. And there was someone else with them, too!\" Principal Miller began clutching the small silver Cross he wore on a chain around his neck. He was trying to hold back tears. \"Sarah, they had brought a lawyer with them.\" \"A lawyer? Who? Every attorney I've ever met was a Godly man!\" \"Sarah, this lawyer was a woman.\" Sarah knew that was a bad sign. Women had no need for that kind of career in Godly places like Wellesly. A woman lawyer had to have come from the Big City. She had to have come from Boise. \"And worse, Sarah, she was from the ACLU.\" The tears were welling up in Principal Miller's eyes as he spelled the acronym. Sarah took on a puzzled look. \"What's the ACLU, Principal Miller?\" \"Oh, blessed child! How the Lord has guarded your sweet, innocent heart! The ACLU is a dark, sinister group. They're like an atheist club for grownups. They're cold, Godless people who have dedicated their time- no, their entire lives to keeping the light of Christ from the hearts of the unsaved! Wherever there is a community that refuses to succumb to Satan's influence, the ACLU sends in its lawyers and its reporters and its activists to force God's children into subservience to Lucifer!\" Tears were streaming down Principal Miller's cheeks. \"Truly we live in the last days when such an evil force roams the land! This lawyer, she told me that if I didn't let this atheist club organize, she would sue the school! She would take all the money we had set aside for prom, and student government, and prayer groups, and give it to organizations like the Church of Satan!\" Sarah was on the verge of tears herself. \"Why didn't you fight them? I don't care about prom, or student government. It is better to keep our souls than to gain the world!\" \"I was going to, Sarah! I wasn't going to let the ACLU march into my office and make me introduce secularism to our students! But it was too late: She had already called the superintendent. It was out of my hands. She told me that if I tried to fight her any further, she'd go after the morning announcement prayer as well! Not that it matters; I reckon this atheist club'll have those prayers off the air before the school year's end. I've failed the students, Sarah. I've failed you!\" Sarah saw that Principal Miller was truly a broken man. She had to share her hope with him. \"Principal Miller, last night a man spoke to me in a dream. His name was Jeffrey Radisson.\" Principal Miller looked at Sarah, bemused. \"Jeffrey Radisson, the reknowned Atheist Professor? I heard he died months ago!\" \"He did, Principal Miller! But he was saved, bathed in the blood of Christ! He warned me of the atheist plot to control to school. He told me the Holy Spirit would guide me to defeating them. We mustn't lose hope. God will see us through.\" \"Oh Sarah, your faith is an inspiration to me. You're right. With God's help, we'll unravel this plot and keep Christ in our school! Remember what the Bible says in Deuteronomy 7:1-2, 'When the Lord your God brings you into the land you are entering to possess and drives out before you many nations, and when the Lord your God has delivered them over to you and you have defeated them, then you must destroy them totally. Make no treaty with them, and show them no mercy.'\" \"The Bible is right, Principal Miller. We must show the atheists no mercy!\" Sarah marched out of Principal Miller's office more determined than ever to get to the bottom of this atheist club. The first step was to know her enemy. She had to venture into the Lion's Den. Sarah was going undercover. ","Summary":" God's Not Dead 3: God's Even Less Dead than He Was Before Chapter 1 Sarah Markerson hurriedly made "},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Over Your Shoulder","Author":"HpVamp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8202709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ''For the rest of your life, you're gonna be looking over your shoulder.'' Bernie was right. That son of a bitch was right. It didn't matter how far he drove, how far from Los Angeles, from its filth - the emaciated whores staggering through the Hills, key bumps still trailing from their nostrils; its worthless pushers and gangsters; violent crime bosses who didn't think twice about putting a bullet in your head - no, it wasn't far enough. Mostly, he couldn't get far enough away from himself. Sure, he'd picked up before. Moved entire continents to escape something, some deal gone sour, someone who wanted his head on a plate. Hell, it wasn't long before he'd started using a fake name, then another, then used no name at all. He'd kept a pretty tidy existence then, leaving no friends, no lovers in his path, just to be sure no one would ever be hurt because of him, that he'd never have anything to lose. Then he had met her. The scenery changed outside of his '73 Cutlass, the rolling California hills to flattened, bowl-like desert; the desert to snow-capped mountains; the snow-capped mountains to endless rows of corn. The scenery changed, but he could have driven into the Atlantic Ocean before he was far enough away from Irene. All the things he had done to her, for her. All the things he was still doing for her - taking the shit storm that was sure to follow Bernie Rose's death across the country, making damn sure she would never see him, never be bothered by him again. She would be safer that way. The whole world would be safer that way - without him. Two days into his journey, and he turned off his rumbling engine in the parking lot of Ruby's Dagwood Cafe, just outside of Kansas City. It was quiet, early in the morning, just before the sun peaked from its bed of golden corn. He sat for a moment, surveying, waiting. He hadn't slept or eaten in days, needed a shave. His abdomen throbbed from a deep stab wound which hadn't stopped bleeding until this morning. His driving gloves smelled of motor oil, and the rusty smell of fresh blood, and they shook with fatigue and a seemingly endless supply of adrenaline. Still, he kept one hand on the ignition and the other on the wheel, his eyes darting for anything suspicious. There is no one here, he thought. This is bumfuck. You can get out now. Minutes, what seemed like hours passed before his fingers found the door handle. Come on, asshole. Move. He pushed the handle down and opened the door, his worn Converse High Tops lightly touching the ground. He slowly stood up, his head dizzy from sitting, and steadied himself on the hood of the car, his other handing clutching his wound. He limped across the parking lot and through the front door, realizing all too late the effort it took to do so. He sat down at the counter, on red cracked vinyl, and slowly, painfully slow, slid off one glove, then another. There were two men at a table in the corner. An old woman three seats down from him at the counter. Another man in the kitchen. The fluorescent bulbs flickered over head, the glare of them harsh against the shiny tiled floors and walls. He reached for a menu, a laminated paper disc just beyond his fingertips, and stared down at it. Eggs. Bacon. Sub-machine guns. Pancakes. Omelettes. Key bump from Columbia. \"What will you have, sugar?\" He looked up at the waitress, an aging red head with heavily lined eyes and yellowed teeth, her Southern accent spilling over the menu at him like molasses. \"Coffee. And two eggs over easy with a fruit bowl.\" She blinked at him and raised an eyebrow, surveying his spattered jacket and five o' clock shadow. \"Are you sure that's all you want? We have a special today. Biscuits and gravy - \" \"Just bring me what I asked for, please.\" His voice was sharp, grating like sand paper. She eyed him warily, jumped back a little. There was a moment of silence between them as her eyes narrowed. \"Fine,\" she said, grabbing his menu and turning to the coffee pot. He expelled a long breath, finally relaxing for the first time in days. \"Sorry,\" he said, \"it's just that I've -\" \"No,\" she said, pouring his coffee, \"I've worked at a diner off the interstate long enough to know not to ask questions.\" She set down his coffee, surveyed his jacket again, then added, \"There's a dry cleaners around the corner. Opens in an hour, if you're interested.\" Fifteen minutes later and she'd brought his eggs and fruit, and refilled his coffee twice. He practically inhaled his plate, finally realizing just how ravenous he was. In minutes, she'd brought the check, muttering something about how he should have gotten the biscuits and gravy. He looked down at the thin paper slip in his hand: $7.75, a modest fee from what he was used to paying in LA. He reached into his back pocket for his wallet, and, finding nothing, reached into the other. Nothing. God dammit, he thought, must've lost the fucking thing. He looked at the waitress, who stared at him with her judgmental eyes, her no-bullshit eyes, waiting for him to tell her he needed to wash a few dishes. He reluctantly reached inside his jacket and produced a roll of cash thousands, maybe hundred-thousands thick. Her eyes widened, her crow's feet unfolding, her mouth slack-jawed. He slipped the stressed rubber band from it and laid a hundred dollar bill on the table. She stared down at it and licked her lips, her dry tongue lolling from one side of her mouth to the other. \"I'll just get you some uh...change,\" she said, expelling a quick breath of air and clutching her heart. \"No,\" he said, catching her arm, \"just...just take it. It's fine.\" For a moment, it looked as though she would burst into tears, then as though she would have a heart attack. She stared at him, her blood red lips curling into a disbelieving snarl. Her eyes darted to the corner for a moment, then back to him as she leaned in close. \"Ok,\" she said in an almost-whisper, \"I wasn't gonna tell you this, 'cause I didn't wanna get involved and frankly, it looks like you may have murdered somebody,\" her eyes moved again, \"but those two gentlemen in the corner have been starin' at you ever since you walked in.\" Slowly, he turned his head towards those two gentlemen, hoping, praying she was mistaken. She wasn't. And what was worse, he recognized them. One man wasn't more than 20. He was some sort of Hispanic, with a white bandana that he doubled up to cover his forehead. He was dirty, looked as though he'd been up for a long time. The other man was older, maybe 45. He was white, Italian perhaps, with eyes that looked straight through the young Driver at the counter and side burns that met at his chin. Both of them had worked for Bernie Rose. Driver turned slowly back towards the waitress, gripping his coffee so hard it could have broken. She looked at him knowingly, almost sadly, her heavily lined eyes brimming with fear. As she left his side to hide in the kitchen, the two men made their way toward the counter, the Hispanic one reaching inside his jacket. Without hesitation, the Driver broke his scalding coffee on the Hispanic's face, and he fell to the ground, clutching his it and screaming. The Italian he elbowed quickly in the nose, then pushed into the counter and ran, ran like hell, to his trusty Cutlass, the more-boat-than-car monstrosity he'd chosen for its anonymity, not its speed. A bullet whizzed past his head, then another, clipping the mirror of the Cutlass and sending it crashing into the ground. He flung the door open so quickly it almost flew from its hinges, and he reached for his keys, jamming them into the ignition and letting the rumble of the car vibrate through his fingertips. Immediately, he felt ready, at ease - there was nothing he couldn't do. As he peeled out of the parking lot, he checked his rear-view mirror and witnessed the two henchmen leaping over the hood of their Mustang and into the cabin. A much faster car than this, he thought, his gloves squeaking on the steering wheel, but I'll lose them. I have to lose them. He sped down the half-mile drag toward the I-470 entrance ramp, finally plowing over a cement median and onto its sacred pavement. He pressed the accelerator into the floor - 50, 60, 70, 80 miles per hour, and the entire cabin shook beneath him. The Mustang was gaining on him, the Hispanic with his arm and glock out the window, hell bent on revenge. The sun peaked over the horizon, just enough to blind him and impede his view. He came up all too soon on a gold sedan, swerving just in time to avoid it, the Mustang mimicking his every move. Fuck, he thought, fuck fuck fuck! The Kansas City skyline was in view, its few office buildings and high rises providing just the shelter he needed to avoid them, so long as he could get there first. His eyes darted quickly to the large green sign above him: Downtown exit, 1 mile. The Mustang was next to him, the Hispanic's glock out the window, taking aim at the Driver's head. The Driver swerved into the Mustang, and the two pieces of metal crashed together, the Mustang falling slightly behind as it regained its composure. Downtown exit, 1/2 mile. The Mustang fell behind him, repeatedly crashing into the left side bumper, and the Cutlass's wheels skid, turning the car backwards. Driver threw it in reverse, pressing the accelerator into the floor yet again - 50, 60, 70, 80, 90 miles per hour. The sedans and mini-vans of the Midwest whizzed past, some hoking their horns, most too terrified to respond at all. He checked his rear-view mirror - he could see the exit now, and he threw his wheel to reach the correct lane. He was front bumper to front bumper with the Mustang, and it followed him down the exit ramp, both the Italian and the Hispanic desperately trying to keep up. Driver slammed on the breaks and turned the wheel, spinning the Cutlass forwards again, and throwing it in drive and speeding down the street. A convertible came to a screeching halt, waiting for the Cutlass to pass, but it was too late for the Mustang - it plowed into the Convertible at 50 miles per hour, and the hood of the car crumbled like a soda can, and it spun the wrong way, finally stopping just beyond the exit ramp. Before Driver turned the corner and left them, he saw the Italian's door open, who stumbled out, falling to the ground. The Convertible driver was unconscious, her head lolling unnaturally to one side, blood trickling from her mouth. Driver got lost in the city, turning this way and that, making sure that no one would find him - for now. His hands shook, and he expelled a deep breath, his fingers almost numb from adrenaline. He slowed to the speed limit now, less than the speed limit, maybe 20 miles per hour. There was a high pitched noise, the wail of a siren, and for an instant, his eyes darted to his rear view mirror - for an instant of weakness, he took his eyes off of the road. And, for that instant of weakness, of inattentiveness, he was punished. He saw her before the car struck her, was able to make out her slender frame for just a moment before twisted metal got the best of her. He hit the breaks hastily, but it was too late - she hit his windshield, then rolled to the pavement where he could no longer see her. He sat there for a moment, panting, his disbelieving eyes watching the businessmen, who were just arriving at work for the day, pointing at the Cutlass and calling 911. The sirens were closing in on him, and she was not getting up. Come on, dammit, he willed, get up. But his salvation never came, the defenseless flesh refused to move. Through his open window, he heard her groan. He threw the door open and came to the front of the car to look at her. She laid on the ground motionless, her head gashed open and her dark eyes wide, staring up at him sadly, almost angrily. Her legs were contorted oddly, her ankle broken at a sideways angle. She extended an arm up towards him, her fingers covered in her own blood. She said, almost asked him, \"Help me.\" He took a long look at her again. Her strawberry-blonde hair was pulled into what had been a tight bun. He studied her legs again, and realized she was clad in a leotard and tights, the bag she was clutching spilling ballet shoes into the street. \"Help me,\" she said to him again, a tear spilling down her cheek. \"Please.\" The businessmen had started to meander over, asking if he needed help, if they should call an ambulance. The sirens were almost on top of him now, closing in on him like a pack of wolves. He looked down at the Dancer again. In a move of impulsiveness, he scooped her up gently, and she made a yelping noise. He opened the back door of his Cutlass, and she began to squirm. \"Wait,\" she said quietly, \"what are you doing?\" He slid her gently inside, and she cried out, trying to open the door on the opposite side. \"No,\" she said, a little louder this time, \"somebody call the police,\" she said, even louder, \"somebody help me...somebody...somebody...\" She passed out, her head falling to one side, and he shut the door, jumped in the driver's seat, and sped off.[Chapter 2] When he checked into that seedy motel just outside of St. Louis, he didn't think she'd ever wake up. On the way that afternoon, she had stirred, had even opened her eyes once or twice to look around, and tried to speak to him. They'd make eye contact in the rear view mirror for an instant before her head would roll back again, and she would sleep. He opened the door to the motel room and peered inside. The dampened floors writhing with cockroaches, the curtains and chairs yellowed and reeking of cigarette smoke, the bed spread stained with blood and semen - this was a scene he knew all too well. He turned back to the parking lot, stared into the back seat of the Cutlass. Her eyes were still closed, her head still tilted back and rested against the window. When he made his way to the door, he paused for a moment and stared at her through the streaky glass, like a child might study an animal in the zoo. She was pretty, but not beautiful. Her face was round and her nose upturned, her lips thin and unexpectant. The gash on her forehead had stopped bleeding, and the dried blood had made a trail from her hair line to the bottom of her ear lobe. Her tights had been torn beyond recognition, and her right ankle hung sideways at a grotesque angle. He reached for the door handle, then paused, thinking better of it. Slowly, he raised his leather-clad knuckles to the window and rapped gently three times. Her eyes fluttered open immediately, and she was alert, judgmental, staring up at him coldly. He pursed his lips and sighed, pointing at the door handle. She didn't move, didn't blink. She only stared. \"Oh Jesus,\" he muttered, running a hand over his eyes and through his hair, \"I'm opening the door,\" he said loudly, as if she were deaf, pointing again at the handle, \"I don't want you to fall out and hurt yourself.\" She looked at him in disbelief, her eyes wide and angry. \"Hurt myself?\" She asked, her voice muffled behind the glass, \"How chivalrous of you!\" He put his hands on his hips. \"Yeah, well...\" he began, not knowing quite how to answer her, \"...sorry.\" She paused and stared at him for a moment, then flipped him off. His short temper got the best of him. He gripped the handle and flung the door open quickly, but stopped her before she could tumble to the mangled cement below. Her head turned toward the motel, and she digested it, her mind racing through a hundred scenarios - women being kidnapped, women being raped, women being murdered. \"What the fuck?\" She asked quietly, staring up at him. \"The fuck is this?\" As he picked her up into a cradle carry, she began to kick and thrash at him, yelling at the empty parking lot and the deserted field beyond it. \"HELP!\" She screamed, \"SOMEONE CALL THE POLICE!\" He placed a hand over her mouth and she bit into it, her teeth making a squeaking noise against the leather gloves. He screamed out and ran quickly into the motel room, kicking the door and letting it slam behind him. He tossed her onto the bed, and she yelped as she bounced once, clutching her side and reaching for her ankle. He leapt to the mattress and straddled her, careful not to touch her ribs. She slapped him hastily, her nail tracing a small blood line across his cheek, then tilted her head back and began yelling at the wall, screaming at the empty room beyond it. He dropped his knees on her arms, pinning them to the bed, and yanked off a glove and tucked it in her open mouth, tucking it so far back she gagged. \"Listen to me now,\" he said with quiet intensity, his voice sharp and pingy. \"I don't want to hurt you, and I don't want to kill you. But right now, I need you to be quiet, and just because I don't want to do something doesn't mean I won't do it.\" There was a pause as the two of them stared at each other, panting. \"Now,\" he said, a bead of sweat rolling down his cheek and onto hers, \"if you give me a few hours of peace, I can help you.\" He forced a slight smile, trying to make her feel comfortable, \"I can set your ankle. I can stitch up that gash, good as new. But I can't do any of those things if you don't stop screaming. Will you stop screaming?\" A tear rolled down her cheek and she searched the ceiling, searching so long that he almost searched up there himself. Finally, her eyes met his, and she nodded slowly. He nodded back, then slowly took the glove from her mouth and removed his knees from her arms, reclining back in a keeling position on the bed. She didn't say anything for a long time, so long that the glisten of tears in her eyes had subsided. She sniffled a bit, again staring at the ceiling listlessly. In a way, she made him uncomfortable, her stillness, the way she said everything and nothing. He watched her chest heave up and down slowly, deeply, as if she were relaxed, sleeping even. After a while he couldn't look at her anymore, instead stared at himself in the vanity mirror across from the bed. He looked old, tired, dirty. After what seemed like hours, she said calmly, \"Could you help me sit up?\" Her cool voice snapped him from his trance, from the spell she had put him under. \"Yeah, of course,\" he said quickly, rising to the side of the bed and placing her arm around his neck, helping her to rise. She winced and expelled a breath, gritting her teeth and smiling in pain. He grabbed a pillow from the other side of the bed and placed it behind her back. \"Thanks,\" she said, staring at him warily. \"Sure,\" he answered, and sat on a cracked pleather chair on the other side of the room. He liked this better, he thought. This way he could survey her from a distance, keep her at arm's length. He stared down at the carpet, avoiding her gaze. \"Are you going to rape me?\" She asked quietly. \"No.\" \"Did you already rape me?\" \"Does it feel like I did?\" She adjusted, visibly perturbed by him. \"No,\" she said, \"so then it's worse than I thought.\" His head snapped towards her. \"What does that mean?\" \"Well,\" she began, \"if you're really going to 'fix me up' like you say, you must have some sort of conscience, but if you weren't willing to wait for an ambulance and talk to the police, well,\" she blinked and swallowed, \"then you must be in some kind of trouble.\" He looked at her long and hard, his eyes stern. \"You're a smart girl.\" She stared down at her hands, which were scraped and bruised from the accident, then put a hand to the gash in her forehead, running her fingers over it. She winced from the pain, but did not pull her hand back. He studied her, then cleared his throat. \"What's your name?\" She looked back at him, and opened her mouth as if to speak, but paused and shook her head. \"No. You first.\" He stared out the half-drawn shades at the Cutlass in the parking lot. \"That's of minor importance to you.\" \"No, it is of major fucking 's your name?\" Her voice cut like a knife. His eyes narrowed and he went to the window. \"For a ballerina, you've sure got a nasty mouth on you.\" \"You don't spend a lot of time around ballerinas,\" she said. He sighed. \"How about this: I don't have to know your name, and you don't need to know mine,\" he said, peering around the parking lot for anything suspicious, \"sound good?\" She laughed, but it was strained, uninviting. She was exhausted, and her patience was clearly wearing thin. \"What do you do for a living?\" She asked suddenly. He stared at her, a thousand answers coming to him at once. \"I drive,\" he said suddenly. \"You drive?\" She asked sarcastically. \"Ok. That's fine. Your name is Driver. We'll just call you 'D'.\" She laughed her awful laugh again. \"I'm a Ballerina, so why don't we just go ahead and call me 'B'.\" He turned to face her and sat on the far edge of the bed, his hands between his knees. \"Ok, B. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.\" \"The pleasure is all mine.\" She stretched out a hand to shake his, leaning forward to reach him. As she leaned, her ankle curled sideways, and she screamed out, \"MOTHERFUCKER!\" She fell back down to the bed spread, tears running down her face, a guttural yell escaping her lips. Then, as quickly as it had begun, she bit her hand, stifling her scream. She peered up at him, her eyes brimming with tears. \"Sorry,\" she said, growling with pain, \"I didn't meant to scream again.\" He jumped from the bed and grabbed his keys. \"No, it's fine...uh...I should have gone to the pharmacy a long time ago. I'll be back.\" He opened the door, then stopped. \"Just don't go anywhere. What I said before, it still stands.\" She stared at him blankly for a moment. \"Where the fuck would I go, D?\" He shook his head. \"Nowhere, I guess. Fifteen minutes.\" He slammed the door, locking it behind him.[Chapter 3] The Driver pulled into the CVS parking lot, the engine of the Cutlass uttering one last roar as he turned the keys in the ignition to an \"off\" position. It had already been fifteen minutes since he had left the motel. He'd never been late in his life, except for this moment, and considering the circumstances, it could cost him dearly. What was she doing right at this moment? Crawling towards her bag, reaching for her cell phone and calling the police, no doubt. Was there a phone in the room next to the bed? Shit, he thought, what if she didn't have to crawl, and the police have been there for ten minutes? I should have smashed the phone. Why didn't I smash the phone? He reached for the keys, almost turned them in the ignition, then stopped. And what if you hit her with the car and she's in terrible pain? He sighed and shook his head, then got out of the car. He crossed the parking lot into the pharmacy, the automatic doors opening just a hair too late for his taste. The fluorescent lights flickered, hi-lighting the grime and dirt on the tile floors below. It wasn't crowded - a young African-American teen worked the register, and every so often it would beep as he rang up the few customers in line. Nobody was looking at him - it was safe, as safe as it could be for someone like him. Even so, he was on edge, ready for anything - his muscles were tense, his brow broken out in a fever. His hands gripped to fists, then relaxed, gripped, then relaxed. He made his way to the back of the store, to the aisle that housed the pain killers and braces, stopped in the middle and scanned the shelves. He bent over and grabbed an extra-large bottle of Ibuprofen, and an extra-small ankle brace, just to make sure it was tight enough. What if it doesn't fit? His hands shook, half in anger and half in worry at his thoughts. Well, then I'll have to come back, won't I? What are you, some kind of - A sneaker squeaked behind him, close, dangerously close to his back. His ears perked up, his back arched, like a cat ready to pounce. He could feel a hand inching towards his shoulder, and the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. Slowly, he put the pills and bandage in his pockets, then whirled around and gripped the wrist of the would-be assailant, twisting it quickly and throwing him into the shelves behind him, which vomited Tylenol and Advil onto the ground. He began to advance on the man, his fist raised menacingly, but stopped - the African American cashier was staring up at him with wide eyes, gripping his arm in pain. He held up his arms, guarding his face frantically, and said, \"Woah man, Jesus Christ!\" The Driver lowered his fist slowly, panting, his vision growing blurry, half from embarrassment, half from anger. An older, pudgy white man with a CVS polo came loping around the corner, and crouched down beside the cashier. \"What happened?\" He asked quietly, almost frightened, \"What the hell happened?\" Driver peered around the store, staring at the faces of curious and horrified customers as they pointed at him at stared. As his hearing tunneled in and out, he heard the cashier say something like, \"...just trying to see if he needed help...\" He stumbled backwards a bit, his forehead breaking out in a sweat. \"I...\" he stammered, \"I'm sorry...\" He gripped the products in his pockets, and ran out of the store. When he pulled into the parking lot of the motel, he'd been gone for two hours. He gripped the steering wheel tightly, staring at the room in front of him. The lights were on inside, the door pushed open slightly. He felt hollow, like he always did when he knew something was wrong, something was amiss. The motel was still deserted - there was no one around, no sign that anyone had been here or was looking for him. But then again, they could just be hiding, he thought, waiting for you to go inside so they can blow your brains out. He nodded, his face wet with perspiration, his hands shaking. So this was it. This was how he would finally go. He reached into the backseat and grabbed the CVS bag, plus a bag of McDonald's he had purchased for her. Seems sort of arbitrary now. As if in slow-motion, he got out of the car and made his way toward the door, half hoping it would end before he saw her, before she could see him gunned down, or worse, arrested. Why did he hope that? He reached a flat hand toward the door, and pushed it open, his eyes shut, waiting for anything... But anything never came. He opened his eyes and stared at the lonely, dark and cold room. She was sitting on the bed, her eyes half-lidded, staring at him. It was exactly as he had left it. He smiled at her, and she smiled back half-heartedly. \"You were gone a long time,\" she said, her arms crossed, her eyes suspicious. \"I thought you said fifteen minutes.\" He crossed to the bed and set down the McDonald's bag, pushing it to her with an outstretched hand, as if she were a dangerous animal that would rip it off. \"I thought you'd be hungry.\" She looked at it for a moment, then unrolled the bag and peered inside. She took out a burger, unwrapped it and said, \"Thanks.\" They said nothing for a long time as she ravenously stuffed the burger in her mouth, bit by bit. He watched her, but she hardly noticed him, oblivious to his careful observations. She had somehow managed to undress herself and sat there in his denim button up, not blinking an eye when a glob ketchup dripped down the front of it. He saw his duffel bag sitting at the corner of the room, the clothes strewn about the floor, her decimated tights and leotard sitting folded beside them. She had taken her hair from the ruined bun, and it stuck out in all different directions, kinky and curly like a strawberry sun. She had wiped the blood from the gash at her hair-line, but the trail of it was still barely visible along her cheek. Her bare legs were splayed in two different directions, her broken ankle propped up on a pillow, purple and swollen to twice the size of her other foot. He reached into his pockets and produced the cardboard box that held the bandage, and opened it - his movements were slow and deliberate, reeking of a child who wanted to show something to an uninterested adult. His actions did not go unnoticed. For the first time in minutes, she looked up at him from her burger, studying his calloused hands, the way they opened the cardboard latch, the way they took out the cellophane package inside. She tensed as he pulled the brace's ends apart, the crackling velcro sound deafening in the otherwise silent room. He placed his hand above her ankle, hovering just above the hot flesh. He stared down at his subject, almost sweating - it was crooked, black and blue, and absolutely enormous, the kind of break that wasn't clean, wouldn't heal correctly. In all honesty, she probably needed surgery. A pang of guilt surged through him, hot and dull like a knife. He turned away from her and stared at the corner of the room, eager to hide his moment of weakness. He rubbed his eyes with his fingers. \"I'm sorry that uh...that I...\" He paused and turned to her again. She was staring at him expectantly, almost sadly, then switched her gaze to her disastrous injury. There wouldn't be any dancing. Not anymore. She nodded. \"It's fine.\" He nodded back at her, or didn't, avoiding her gaze as best as he could. He placed his hand halfway up her calf and gently lifted - she let out a yelp and a curse, but steadied her leg for him - and he slipped her foot into the brace, its rigid plastic stark and harsh against her purple and blue skin. He carefully criss-crossed the velcro to secure the brace, and gently set her foot back down. She let out a sigh of relief a mile long and swallowed. For a second, he thought she would cry, but thankfully, the tears never came. Instead, she picked up her burger again, and popped what was left of it in her mouth. Another long and exasperating pause followed. He listened to her chew, watched her eyes dart from her ankle to the door, back to him, then to her ankle again. She sighed again. \"I think some ice would help,\" she said finally, \"if you're willing to get it.\" An hour later and they were again sitting in silence. He held a Ziploc bag filled with ice on her ankle, occasionally refilling it when it had melted. At the fifteen minute mark, when the silence had become too stifling for either of them, he had turned on the TV, to the local news, and they sat there, watching it. Only, neither of them were really watching it - they were watching each other, waiting patiently for the other to make a move, a move that never came. He cleared his throat uncomfortably. \"Do you like dancing?\" \"Do you like breathing?\" Silence. Neither moved. She softened a bit. \"I guess dancing to me is like driving to you,\" she said, and he turned to her and met her gaze. \"I mean, I guess. I don't really know you, so...\" Her words trailed off and she stared back at the television. Another pause. \"Although, I don't know how much dancing I'll be doing anymore,\" she said, not unkindly, not to dig at him. Then, more quietly, to herself, \"I guess I'll just limp around like my Dad from now on.\" \"Your Dad?\" The question caught her off guard, partially because she wasn't prepared to give an answer, partially because he was interested. \"Um...yeah, knee injury. College football.\" He nodded and swallowed hard. A short burst of panic spread through him like a disease. This girl had family, people who would be missing her, people who would come looking for her. The panic was catching. She sensed his fear, saw him go rigid, which only worsened his feeling. He began to hyper-ventilate, and he took off his jacket, letting it drop to the floor. He stared down at the palms of his hands, sweaty and shaking from lack of sleep and too much adrenaline. A bead of sweat ran down his nose and to the floor. Her gaze snapped from the television and to his body, and she studied him for a moment, unsure of what to do. She reached out a hand to touch him, then recoiled, thinking better of it. She thought he would explode there, would finally break and kill her. Against her better judgement, she slowly, very slowly, extended her hand once more, letting it fall gently against his back. For a split second, she felt stupid, that her gesture was arbitrary, that she couldn't possibly help him. But she could. The Driver's breath expanded against her hand, his cotton shirt letting in the warmth of it. In that moment, he didn't feel alone - for the first time in a long time, he felt like he had a friend. He took another deep breath and the shaking subsided. He looked at her, really looked at her, and she at him. \"Do you wanna tell me what you're running away from, D?\" He told her. It felt good.[Chapter 4] He didn't have to say anything for her to know that he was there. It was 7am, and he stood over her, his arm outstretched to rouse her, but her eyes had already flickered open. They stared at each other for a second, and he put his hand in his pocket. She sighed sleepily and stretched her arms above her head, folding one under her head like a pillow. \"Why are you wet?\" She asked, almost accusingly. \"I took a shower.\" She nodded. \"Oh, yeah. I guess that's reasonable.\" She sat up slowly, wincing at the ankle that still rested on a pillow at the end of the bed. \"What time is it?\" She asked, yawning. \"We need to leave.\" His voice was steady, yet hurried and sharp. His duffel bag was slung over his left shoulder, packed and bulging with his clothes as well as her dance bag. She wiped the sleep from her eyes and shook her head, slowly waking herself up. \"Uh, ok,\" she said, sliding her feet from the bed to the floor, and reaching up for his duffel bag, \"just let me get dressed and -\" He grabbed her wrist tightly, the force of it knocking her off balance slightly. \"No,\" he said, his eyes boring into her soul, \"now. We have to leave right now.\" \"What the fuck? Why?\" She tried to pull her wrist away, and they struggled for a moment before he grabbed her other arm and stared her down darkly, ferociously. \"There are men in the parking lot.\" \"So?\" \"With guns. I have seen them before. They work for Bernie.\" There was silence between them as they stared at each other indignantly, their faces almost touching. There was a flicker of fear behind her eyes, but it was fleeting. As soon as it had gone, it was replaced with anger. \"I. Don't. Have. Any. Pants. On.\" He stared at her a moment before sighing and throwing her hands down. He dropped the duffel bag on the bed and unzipped it, almost tearing it from the fabric. His hands shook as he tore through the bag, half from anger, half from a sudden rush of adrenaline. He found them balled up at the bottom of the bag, black and shapeless, and began to hand them to her. Thinking better of it, his hand recoiled, and he pushed her backwards to the bed, catching her legs as they fanned into the air. Quickly, but gently, he pulled the stretchy black pants over her legs, then stood her up as he pulled them over her butt. He picked her up in a cradle carry and practically ran to the door, opening it so quickly he almost ripped it from its hinges. When the door opened, he realized the mistake he had made in his haste. In the parking lot, the newly fixed Mustang was waiting, the two men from the diner in the front seat. Next to it was a brand new Camaro, its grill grinning at him menacingly, its windows tinted black. They were both in danger, but he couldn't stop now. He set her down for a moment and opened the passenger side door, ushering her inside as fast as he could. He waited for the sound of car doors to open, for curses to be screamed, for bullets to fly. He raced around the front of the Cutlass and got in the driver's seat, waiting for a brass knuckle to catch him across the eye, for something, anything to happen. But it never did. Neither man in the Mustang moved, the Camaro practically lifeless beside it. The Driver rested his hand on the keys in the ignition, waiting to turn them, then paused. He looked at the two death mobiles through his rear view mirror. They were motionless, staring, waiting. \"What are you doing?\" Asked B from the passenger seat. \"Let's get the fuck out of here!\" He sat for a moment, listening to their synchronized panting, watching them intently. \"They're just sitting there,\" he said to no one in particular. \"So,\" she said, her voice shrill and panicked, \"what the hell are we waiting for?\" Her words suddenly snapped him from his trance, and he turned the keys. \"I don't know.\" He peeled out of the parking space and raced out of the lot, pulling hastily in front of a mini-van, which screeched to a stop and honked its horn. He sped down the street at 60 miles per hour, the traffic and prairie whizzing by him angrily. He pulled onto the Northbound entrance ramp, increasing his speed to 90. B gripped the armrest and the ceiling, her eyes shut tightly in a squint. He checked his rear view mirror. No one was following him. He let his foot off the accelerator a bit, decreasing his speed to 80, and checked his mirror again. Only the quiet calm of Mid-Western traffic was behind him, slow and dull, laughing at him. He almost laughed himself. \"Why aren't they following us?\" he asked no one in particular. She opened her eyes and whipped her head around, looking for a sign of either car, but there was none. \"Are you...are you sure you had the right guys?\" The blood rushed to his head in a flash of anger and his leather gloves squeaked as he gripped the steering wheel harder than he ever had in his life. He didn't want to look at her, didn't want to answer her stupid question. \"Yes,\" he said through gritted teeth, \"they were in Nino's restaurant after Shannon was killed. I'd remember them anywhere.\" She looked over at him for a second, her mouth open as if she were going to speak, but she said nothing. He sped on down the highway. After about 20 miles of complete silence and a cruise control on 80, the Driver finally slowed to the speed limit of 60, his shoulders raised rigidly, the adrenaline still pumping through his veins. He looked over at B, saw her staring out the window longingly, and felt the guilt well up inside of him again. He didn't know what to say to her now - quite frankly, he never really knew what to say to her. She seemed alien to him. He had expected her to be scared, to cry, to hate him, to run away, but she never did. She just kept staring at him stoically and breathing slowly, in and out, watching, waiting, listening. The plains of Missouri rolled alongside the Cutlass, boring and indistinct. He didn't know where they were going, didn't have any sort of plan. She knew that, and he hated it - her silence spoke volumes, and in that moment, he knew that she thought him weak. He waited for her to speak, his grip tightening on the wheel, listening for her to utter a single word. Finally, she said, \"I didn't know Shannon died.\" He looked over at her, surprised that after all they had just been through, that was what she had garnered from the situation. He stared so long that he almost forgot to look back at the road, and he had to swerve around a quickly approaching car. The sudden movement didn't illicit a response from her. She didn't even flinch. He looked over again, just to catch another glimpse of what he thought he had seen, stealing a quick glance every so often in the stifling silence of the highway. One single tear was streaming down her cheek. \"I'm sorry about your friend,\" she said quietly.[Chapter 5] B sat on the hood of the Cutlass, pushing around the contents of a Chinese food carton with a pair of chopsticks. Every so often she would take a very small bite, then go back to her digging. She hadn't said much since they'd left the cavalry in the dust in St Louis, close to ten hours ago. It was dusk, the sun almost hidden behind the trees of the St Paul woods they had decided to rest in. She had asked for a motel, but he'd refused: \"This will be safer.\" He leaned on the grill next to her, his hands in his pockets, his eyes staring blankly into nowhere. His carton sat next to him on the hood, completely full save a few bites from the top. He was still perplexed by the happenings of the day. Why hadn't they followed him? What were they waiting for? Even more troubling, perhaps, was the fact that they had seen her. They knew she was with him, and injured no less. In the span of a few seconds, she'd gone from travel companion to liability - a liability not only to him, but to herself as well. She broke the silence, her voice accompanied by the squeak of mediocre Chinese food sliding around on cardboard. \"You should eat,\" she said quietly. He didn't look at her as he said, \"So should you.\" She swallowed, taking a small piece of Orange Chicken into her mouth for show. \"C'mon, D,\" she said as if she'd taken a large bite, \"all this time, I haven't seen you eat a damn thing. At least I had a burger last night.\" He sighed, and picked up his carton and took a bite, still staring at the trees. A few minutes of silence passed, the chirp of crickets the only sound between them. Suddenly overcome with frustration and anger, he threw down his carton, spilling food all over the ground below. \"Hey!\" exclaimed B, \"What the fuck!\" He stood up from the car and paced in front of it, running his shaking hands through his hair nervously. \"This is a mess. This is a goddamn mess.\" He unzipped his jacket and threw it on the hood, continuing to pace. \"Why the fuck didn't they follow me?\" He rounded on her, genuinely asking her the question. She stammered for a moment. \"I...I mean, I don't -\" \"Something's not right,\" he said, his mind ticking, \"something had to...\" his voice trailed off as his vision zeroed in on the hood of the Cutlass, the spot where she was sitting. He practically ran to her and said, \"Get up.\" She stared at him for a moment, unmoving. \"B,\" he said softly, but urgently, \"get off the car, now.\" She again did nothing but stare. \"I can't,\" she said, gesturing to her ankle. He sighed quickly and picked her up, setting her not so gently upon the ground, and opened up the hood. He stared down at the parts inside, and extended his hands slowly, shaking with fear. He bent over so his eyes were level with then engine, checking underneath, scanning both sides slowly and thoroughly. \"What are you doing?\" asked B. He exhaled a puff of air as he continued his search for parts that shouldn't be there, for wires, for the ticking red numbers. \"There's a bomb in the car,\" he said, a bead of sweat dripping on the engine, \"there has to be. Why else would they let us leave like that?\" Finding nothing, he ran to the side of the car and laid down on his back, squirming his way under the car like a worm ducking from a bird. After a few moments, he squirmed his way out the other side, then scrambled to his feet, reaching into his pocket and frantically grabbing his keys. He ran to the trunk of the car and unlocked it quickly, throwing the hatch as though he might break it off. It revealed its contents - some ill-advised shag carpeting which lined the trunk, and his very own duffel bag. He swallowed hard and rubbed his eyes, expecting that when they opened again, the bomb would be sitting there, waiting for him. But it wasn't. He closed the trunk slowly and looked at B, who was staring at him sadly, with pity in her eyes. \"There's no bomb, D,\" she said quietly. He stumbled backwards for a second and took the Cutlass in again. He exhaled a deep breath, one that was ragged and burned his lungs. He ran to the passenger side door and ripped it open, then opened the glove box. He rummaged through the papers there, countless parking tickets and hundreds of fake insurance cards, titles, and registration papers. They fell to the ground like pathetic confetti at a party no one came to. \"No,\" he said to the air, \"I'll find it.\" His voice was determined, but plagued with worry. The sudden adrenaline rush had made his fingers numb, his hands tingly. He knew she was watching him, judging him, and worst of all, pitying him. He opened the door to the back seat and opened the seat back pockets, looked under the front seats, even in the ash trays. B cleared her throat. \"We have been in this car for 11 hours. There is no way - \" \"B, SHUT YOUR GODDAMN MOUTH!\" His voice cut through the darkness, which had all of a sudden closed in on them. For a moment, it seemed that even the crickets went silent. Nothing moved. Nothing even breathed. He stared her down, the anger boiling inside of him, white-hot. B gasped a little, her mouth falling open in shock. She looked hurt, scared even, as she nodded slowly, and looked away from him. His search only lasted a few more moments before he realized how arbitrary it was. He slammed the door and stared at the Cutlass, a wave of embarrassment rushing through him. He looked over at B, who was again picking at her food, trying with all her might not to see him, not to see that he was looking at her. His guilt stabbed at him again, sharp like a knife. He swallowed and made his way over to her slowly, afraid that she would somehow run away from him. He felt tired, and panted from his exertions. He squatted down and sat beside her, letting out a long sigh. \"I'm sorry,\" he said feebly. He stared at her like a school boy that had admired someone from afar, and had finally gotten to see her up close. She nodded, and handed him the carton. \"You need this more than me,\" she said. He took the carton from her, and in that moment, was more grateful for her than anything he'd ever had in his life. Anyone else would have been scared, would have cried when they saw him for the beast he really was. But not her. Never B. The crickets began to chirp again. In the distance, an owl sounded its call over its domain. B smiled, chuckling a bit. \"Who cooks for you?\" she said, mimicking the bird's pitch variation. She looked at him, and for the first time since they'd been together, she smiled widely. \"It's a Barred Owl,\" she said, meeting his gaze, \"they always say that.\" Later, they laid in the reclined seats of the Cutlass, staring up at the stars through the sun roof. She had wrapped herself in his scorpion jacket, unphased by how filthy it was, how stained it was with the blood of evil men. He stretched his arms upwards and folded them beneath his head. \"I don't really like Chinese food,\" he said. \"Me either.\" He swallowed and said, \"When I was a kid, it made me sick once. I haven't been able to eat it since.\" She looked over at him and smiled widely. \"That's the most personal thing you've ever said to me.\" He smiled back and they laughed, and never had a laugh felt so good. The silence fell between them again as they listened to the world outside, the crickets chirping, the owl speaking once more. B shifted. \"You know, considering the circumstances,\" she said nervously, \"this is actually...kind of...fun.\" The Driver said nothing, but the smile was still spread across his face, as if it were permanently stuck there for the rest of his life. She stared at him again, then rolled over and shut her eyes. He kept staring at the stars, and took his hands from behind his head to rest them on the gear shift, where they had always been most comfortable. What seemed like hours passed, and he looked over at her, saw her wearing the darkness like a shroud, saw her breathing silently, slowly. He knew she was awake, knew she was observing him even now. He cleared his throat. \"B?\" Nothing moved but her eye lashes, which flickered open quickly. He knew she was listening. \"Why did you cry when I told you Shannon had died?\" She sighed, and didn't say anything for a long time. After a while, he thought she had fallen asleep, her mind weary from contemplation. Finally, she said,\"Because I like you.\" She reached her hand behind her and laid it on his, and he wrapped his fingers around hers. They slept.[Chapter 6] The sun was harsh and grating when it shone through the sun roof the next morning, frying his face like an egg in a pan. He opened his eyes and squinted against the intrusion, holding a hand overhead to guard them. He opened the arm rest and took out the watch that resided there, a watch normally only used to time the span of five minutes. He stared down at it - it was noon. They'd slept for almost thirteen hours. He looked over at B, who had covered her face with his jacket to avoid the sunlight. He smiled. \"B?\" he asked softly. She stirred, her face still obscured by gray satin. A delicate hand took the jacket, and slid it down so she could look at him. She scrunched her face up at the sun, but smiled at him and stretched her arms up lazily. \"Hey D,\" she said groggily, wiping the sleep from her eyes, \"what time is it?\" As if her words had snapped her into reality, she sat up and looked around frantically. \"Christ, it's late, isn't it? We shouldn't be here this long, should we?\" She looked back at him, but he hadn't moved or sat up at all. \"Do you feel rested?\" he asked. She looked at him for a moment, puzzled. \"Well, yeah, but that doesn't -\" \"Then what does it matter?\" She relaxed and nodded slowly, a slight smile making its way across her lips. She laid back down and rolled over to look at him, and he at her. They stared at each other for a while, neither of them moving or speaking. A shadow of doubt crossed her face, as if reality had suddenly come crashing down on her. She cleared her throat. \"What's your plan?\" she asked, breaking eye contact with him and playing with the threads in the seat nervously. \"I mean...we can't run forever.\" The smile faded slowly from his lips as he stared at the threads she'd been picking at. He turned over and pulled the lever at the base of the seat and sat up, staring at the woods. He suddenly felt very stupid, and as if the very air was being squeezed from his lungs. What had he expected, that the two of them would run away together? That she'd somehow embrace his lifestyle and put herself in danger, for the sake of what? Him? In his heart of hearts, he'd thought maybe she would. But that was ridiculous. She'd maneuvered her seat upright as well, and was staring at the woods, perhaps searching for what he was looking at. He swallowed hard and took his jacket from her lap, then reached inside the pocket and pulled out his keys. \"Tonight,\" he said, putting them in the ignition, \"we'll drive to the border. Before we get there, I'll drop you off somewhere safe, and I want you to call the police.\" Her breathing increased as his words sank in slowly, painfully. \"Then I'll leave.\" He turned the keys and put on his seat belt. He sat staring at his lap, convincing himself that what he was doing was right. She blinked hard, and nodded very slowly, too crestfallen to say anything. He stared into the woods, trying to avoid her gaze at all costs. The sun felt even hotter than it had, made him sweat through his shirt. He turned towards her. \"If anyone comes after you, the police, or Bernie's guys or anyone, tell them where I went. Don't try to protect me, do you hear me?\" She stared at him, her eyes large and sad. \"No. I can't in good con -\" \"B,\" he said sternly, meeting her gaze, their noses almost touching, \"I have never been more serious than I am now.\" A fire rose in his chest, and he swallowed to keep it at bay. \"Forget me.\" Her eyes narrowed at him. They were angry, yet hurt, ablaze with indignation and awash with sadness all at the same time. \"Fine,\" she said, \"consider yourself forgotten.\" He swallowed again, this time with less ease than before. Her words cut him deeply, yet he said nothing, his face a picture of stoicism as it always had been. He took the car out of park and continued to the road. It had only taken about five hours to reach the border, and for the both of them, it had flown by. Neither had spoken, although they wanted to, words failing them and silence taking over. B spent most of her time staring out the window, and every so often would look over at him, desperately trying to illicit a single word. He wanted to reply, yet he never did. He had never known what to say to her, especially not now. When the highway signs read US/CANADIAN BORDER, 5 MILES, he pulled into a gas station that was practically empty. He parked out front, and they both sat staring inside, her hands folded meekly in her lap. He looked at her, and she at him, and he opened his mouth to say something, something meaningful, but it never came. Instead, he said, \"I'll get your things,\" and opened the car door to make his way to the trunk. When he got there, he paused, staring down at it, a feeling of anger and sadness rippling through his body. He balled up a fist and slammed it into the hatch door, then pulled it back, witnessing the small dent he had put in it. He paused for a minute, his hands on the trunk, bent over to catch his breath. He stared into the cab, and saw her, turned around in her seat, her face wet with tears. He opened the trunk quickly to avoid her gaze, afraid of what he might do if he stared at her for too long. He opened his duffel bag and rummaged through it, picking out her dance bag and stuffing it with her things. As he did so, he caught a whiff of her - of lavender and clean cotton, a sweet smell that overpowered the rusty smell of fresh blood and oil. He quickly shut the trunk, wanting desperately to waft the smell from his nose. When he opened the passenger side door, she had wiped her face clean of tears, and replaced it with a look of hurt indignation. She swung her feet out of the door and stretched her arms up, waiting for him to help her from the cab. He bent down and put his arms around her waist and gently lifted her from her seat to a standing position. They paused. To anyone else, they might look like lovers in an embrace - her with her arms locked about his neck, their faces so close their lips could touch, their eyes locked intensely, almost lovingly. He wanted more than anything to kiss her, to take back everything he'd said and put her back in the car, to take her somewhere safe and make love to her. She broke eye contact and stared at the ground, loosing her grip from around his neck to break the moment. \"Are you gonna be alright?\" she asked, almost whispering. His shoulders sank and he blinked hard, trying to clear the thoughts from his mind, trying to forget his more primal instincts. He pursed his lips and nodded, then looked towards the gas station with hungry eyes. They turned sideways, and she put her arm around his neck, hopping on her good foot towards the door. He opened the door with his free hand, and it felt heavy, burdensome, like nothing he'd ever felt before. They hobbled together towards the counter, to the Native American clerk who was reading a magazine disinterestedly. The Driver's grip tightened around her waist for a moment, and they stared at each other sadly, the smell of burnt coffee and the harsh glow of fluorescent bulbs hardly an afterthought to them. She squeezed his hand, gently stroking it with her thumb. \"Can I help you?\" said the clerk, with all the annoyance of a man who had been working too long at a gas station. He hadn't even looked up from his magazine. She turned her head towards him. \"Can I use your phone?\" The Driver steadied her on the counter, lingered as he slid his hands down her arm to her hand, and walked out the door. He paused for a moment as he stepped outside, the cool air suddenly seeming unreasonably cold. He reached in his pocket and gripped his keys, fingering the teeth of them. He stared at the Cutlass, stared down at the grill - it was bent out of shape from when he'd hit her, just another way she'd left an impression on him. He turned around again to get one last good look at her - she was on the phone, but she wasn't speaking. She was just staring at him. She put her hand up to wave at him, her fingers curled over slightly, half-heartedly. As he took his hand out of his pocket and raised his arm, a shooting pain went through his chest, and the glass of the gas station door shattered in a million pieces before him. He looked down slowly at his jacket, saw blood oozing from a bullet hole exit wound under his collar bone. The sticky red liquid grew, forming a large patch on the satin. He spun around quickly, taking the keys from his pocket, and another bullet hit the passenger side mirror, knocking it to the ground and destroying it. He'd seen them all too late - the Mustang and the Camaro were sitting at two gas pumps, with bullets flying from both cars. He leapt behind the grill of the Cutlass for cover, a feeling of terror spreading over him, not for himself, but for B. He tried to peek inside the store, but it was impossible to see anything from his angle. \"B?\" he screamed desperately. No answer. The gun fire stopped suddenly, and he could hear two men making their way across the parking lot, guns drawn, ready to trap him from both sides of the Cutlass. He heard a crunch of mirror glass under a booted foot, saw the younger Hispanic man coming towards him in the still-intact gas station door. \"Come on out asshole,\" he said, \"and maybe your girlfriend will live.\" \"Yeah,\" said the other one, dropping an empty clip to the ground and loading another, \"Bernie Rose is not an unreasonable man if you play by the rules.\" The Driver let out a long exhale, rested his head on the grill of the Cutlass. Maybe they were lying, but it was B's only hope at walking away clean. He stood up slowly, his arms over his head. The two henchmen laughed. \"That's right, you son-of-a-bitch,\" said the Hispanic man, whose face had shriveled up, scarred and burned from when the Driver had broken hot coffee on it, \"we got you.\" There was a moment of silence before another, louder gunshot. The Hispanic henchman was taken off his feet and half way across the parking lot, his chest blown apart by a double-barrel shot gun. Another moment of silence passed as the two remaining men stared in disbelief, and the henchman screamed, \"What the fuck?\" As if in slow motion, B limped from the gas station doors, the shotgun cradled in her arms as if it were an extension of them. The henchman raised his gun, but before he could shoot, she had cocked the weapon, aimed it, and fired it at him, his head exploding and sending an arc of gore all around them like macabre fireworks. She cocked it again and aimed it at the Camaro, blowing the front tire apart in one shot in an expert display of marksmanship. She lowered it slightly, then screamed, \"Get in the car, D!\" He didn't waste another second staring as he did what he was told. She limped quickly to the passenger door and threw it open, practically leaping into the car. He backed out of the space and spun the car around so quickly, the passenger door slammed shut. B leaned over and pressed a napkin to his bullet wound, applying as much pressure as she could muster as he jerked the wheel this way and that. As he sped out of the parking lot, he looked in his rear view mirror at the Camaro they had left in the dust. He blinked hard, rubbing a hand over his eyes to confirm what he saw. It surprised him, frightened him even, even more so than B's surgeon-like precision with the shotgun. Standing at the passenger side door with his hands folded before him, a calm look of reserved anger spread across his face, was Bernie Rose.[Chapter 7] By the time they reached the motel in Bismarck, North Dakota, they'd ditched the car for a stolen Impala, and B had managed to stop the bleeding of the bullet wound with an entire package of napkins, which laid on the floor in a bloody heap. He pulled into the parking lot and peered into the lobby at the clerk behind the counter, opening the door as he did so. B caught his arm. \"Let me,\" she said staring at his stained jacket, \"you attract too much attention.\" She got out of the car slowly and limped around the front so quickly you might have thought her ankle was healing. What a surprise, he thought, his grip tightening on the steering wheel. Seems a little strange that all of a sudden she's walking. He watched her speak with the clerk, watched her take the wad of cash he'd given her from her shirt pocket and hand it to him. And how familiar she seemed with a shotgun. She kept chatting with the clerk, turning on that dazzling smile of hers, that smile that told you nothing was wrong. He felt his adrenaline kick in, that old feeling of his stomach in a knot, the wave of nausea. He stared at the passenger seat, at the dent she'd made in the seat. What if she's not who she says she is? His thoughts were broken as she opened the car door and sat down. \"106,\" she said, rubbing her ankle for show and handing him the key. He continued forward and pulled into a space in front of the room, threw the car in park, and got out without a word. She followed, limping after him hurriedly. He opened the door of the motel room and went inside, taking off his jacket and throwing it to the ground, then slumping down on the bed. She shut the door behind her and locked it, putting the chain on for added security. She turned around slowly, her arms crossed, her eyes nervous. She cleared her throat. \"We need to clean your wound out, or it will get infected.\" She shifted nervously, trying desperately to make herself comfortable. He stared down at the carpet, stained brown with age and something sticky and unpleasant. The bed spread felt damp, the air smelled like cigarettes and latex. The blinds were bent so that a stranger passing by might see in the room, and a cockroach crawled up the wall in the corner, its tiny legs clicking the only sound. As awful as it was, it couldn't steal him from his thoughts. She started towards him, her hand outstretched to his wound. \"If I could just look-\" He grabbed her wrist and jerked her forward so she was at his eye level. She didn't yelp or protest, and on her face was the look not of surprise, but of a child who knew it had done something wrong. She swallowed hard, a flicker of fear moving through her eyes. His grip tightened on her wrist, a vice that would not loosen, but his voice was calm, his demeanor stoic. \"You're pretty good with a shotgun,\" he said, his grip so tight his arm was shaking. She didn't react, but stared him dead in the eye. \"D, you're hurting me.\" \"You're gonna tell me who you are, B,\" he said calmly, \"and if you lie to me, I'll hurt you more.\" He squeezed even harder, and she winced, then swallowed. \"I used to be a cop,\" she said as calmly as she could muster. \"Used to be?\" he asked, studying her hard, \"Or are currently?\" \"I said used to be,\" she replied indignantly, her lips pursed tightly. \"I quit last year.\" Silence fell between them, deafening silence. The roach on the wall clicked along hurriedly, as if it knew the violence that would erupt at any moment. \"Why did you quit?\" \"That's hardly any business of yours.\" \"I asked you a question.\" He jerked her arm again, and she let out a yelp. She took a deep breath and let out a sigh, her hot breath rattling in her lungs. \"D,\" she said, clearly losing her patience, \"let go.\" \"Who do you work for?\" he asked. Suddenly, the room got heavy, the air thick and hard to breathe. His words had sucked the life from them both, as if they were two corpses frozen, locked in a death stare for all eternity. The silence that lingered was telling, but telling of what? \"You are so paranoid I can't even begin to keep up,\" she said finally. \"Tell me who you work for, or I'll break your fucking arm.\" \"D, let go!\" He made a move to wrench her arm around, but before it was finished, she'd thrown her other elbow into his nose. They both fell backwards, he gripping his nose, she gripping her wrist, both of them equally broken. He stared up at the ceiling, could feel the warm, sticky liquid flowing against his hand. A feeling of anger rose up inside of him, and as he sat up, he could already feel himself losing control, both hands balled up into tight fists... ...but then he saw her, sitting there, her legs curled beneath her in a fetal position, clutching her arm to her chest. In an uncharacteristic moment of weakness, she was sobbing uncontrollably. In that moment, she was more girl than woman, innocent - and more precious to him than she had ever been. He felt a stab of sadness and guilt, his chest burning from pain. Her gaze shifted to him for a split second, then away as she said, \"I'm sorry,\" over and over again. Still clutching his nose, he stood up, and stretched a hand towards her. She flinched at it, curling herself into an even smaller ball than before. He'd never felt so awful in his entire life, couldn't even bring himself to look her in the eyes. He paused for a minute, staring down at the hand he'd extended - it was bloody, calloused, worn. The hand of a criminal, the hand of a murderer. He felt his eyes well up with tears, and, disgusted with himself, went into the bathroom. He'd been in there for a long time, listening to her cry, pinching his nose and washing out the bullet hole under his collar bone. It burned like hell. Good, he thought, it's what I deserve. He looked at himself in the mirror, the dried blood on his face, on his chest, the unshaven face and dark circles under his eyes. He'd never looked worse, never felt worse in his entire life. Suddenly, she stepped in the doorway shyly, looked at him in the mirror, and he at her. She reached towards him hesitantly, almost asking his reflection for permission. She rested a hand on his back and slid it to his shoulders, her touch warm, her hands shaking. He took her hand and turned around slowly, taking the back of her neck in his palm. Slowly, he pressed his lips to hers, the touch of them electrifying, intoxicating. He picked her up, and she wrapped her legs around him. She was everything he wanted her to be - the smell of her, the feel of her body pressed against his. He gently laid her on the bed, his hand behind her head, his eyes locked with hers, his body shaking with desire. There, in an unsafe time, in an unsafe motel room, he made love to an unsafe woman. And he'd never felt safer in his life.[Chapter 8] He watched her arm glide on the air that whipped past the Impala, a brand new support brace guiding it along stiffly. She was beautiful in every way - her freshly washed hair caught the sunlight, her eyes turned a pleasant shade of green in the afternoon glow. She caught him staring and smiled at him warmly, and leaned over to kiss him on the cheek. Since they'd woken up, a general wave of euphoria had taken them over. After splinting and taping his nose, they'd gone out and had breakfast - a real breakfast - and it hadn't taken them long to decide to make the 3 day trip to Mexico. He'd asked her if they should stop to get her things in Kansas City, but she refused: \"I don't want to waste any more time,\" she'd said, stroking his cheek. They were running away together. He knew it was brash, of course he knew it was brash. He'd made gambles on women before, but it wasn't like this. He had a good feeling about B. He knew her like he knew himself. He was, without a doubt, in love with her. She spread out a map of North America on the bed of the Kansas motel room and pointed to a tiny dot on the Pacific side of Mexico. \"Puerto Vallarta,\" she said, her voice light and airy, \"that's where we should go.\" She sighed and leaned back into him, laying her head on his chest. \"My Dad took me there when I was a kid. I fell in love with it.\" She extended her arms and folded them behind his head. He kissed the inside of her wrist. \"Won't your Dad miss you?\" There was silence for a moment, and she sat up, suddenly rigid. She finally looked at him and laughed, although it was painful. \"I don't think so. He's dead.\" He nodded, a pang of embarrassment running through him. Why did he have to ask that question? They sat in a long, drawn out silence in which neither of them moved. He kissed her forehead, then said, \"I'm gonna take a shower.\" He stepped in the bathroom and closed the door, and began to undress. He turned on the water and fumbled with it for a moment, waiting for it to hit the perfect temperature, but knew in this place, it never would. He flipped on the fan, and, thinking ill of the incessant noise, turned it off again. He was spreading a towel down on the floor when he heard a thudding noise from inside the room, then a yelp. He stopped dead, his breath and pulse quickening. \"B?\" he asked, now turning off the water. No answer. Another moment, and he heard the unmistakable sound of two gun shots, muffled by a silencer. His body went cold, his fingers numb. He threw the door open and leapt out, buck naked, into the motel room. B was sitting on the bed, a brown package the size of an engagement ring box in her hand. She stared at the corner of the room, at a full length mirror that had been cracked by some opposing force. Blood streaked it, running down to the bottom and pooling in the frame cracks below. Under the mirror was a man in a suit, laying face down in a pool of his own blood, two bullet holes in the back of his head. B panted and wiped her mouth, a little trickle of blood staining the back of her hand. He grabbed a towel and quickly wrapped it around his waist, then ran to her and crouched in front of her. He took her face in his hands. \"Are you alright?\" he asked, checking her face for any wounds he might have missed. \"What happened?\" He stood up suddenly, a feeling of adrenaline rushing over him again. \"We should leave,\" he said, going to the window and staring outside. She didn't look at him. \"Relax,\" she said calmly, without emotion, \"he was the only one.\" He stopped and turned to her, her collected tone sending a shiver up his spine. He stared down at the package in her hand. \"What's that?\" She paused, and looked at it numbly. \"Enough Arsenic to kill a man weighing approximately 220 pounds. It's funny,\" she said, turning it over in her hand, \"I thought it would be more.\" He swallowed. \"Did...did he give that to you?\" \"Yes.\" He backed away from her, as if she would pounce at any second. \"For me?\" he asked. She nodded. She looked at the crumbled body on the floor, the blood still spreading to all corners of the room. \"He came here to ask me if I couldn't finish the job because I was injured, and gave me the arsenic to poison you with.\" All the weight of reality suddenly came crashing down on him in an instant. This is what they'd been waiting for, why they didn't follow him that day in St. Louis - they were waiting for her to kill him. His vision went hazy, a sudden rush of blood to the head rendering his balance useless. He swallowed hard, blinking away the blur, the pain. \"I want you to tell me who you are right now,\" he said, his voice shaking, \"and do not bullshit me.\" She swallowed and nodded. \"I'm not-\" \"Look at me when you say it.\" She swung her feet to the other side of the bed and stared up at him. She looked strained, sad. She began. \"I'm not from Kansas City, and I've never been a ballerina. I came from Los Angeles, same as you.\" A tear made a glistening trail down her face, but her voice stayed steady and calm. \"I had been with the LAPD for a year when I got a call from Bernie Rose. Before that point, I'd never spoken with him or seen him in my entire life. I'd busted a drug ring that he was running and somehow, he'd gotten my name, where I lived, my parent's names - all of my information.\" Another tear. \"He told me that since I'd put his most lucrative operation out of business, I now owed him. $500,000 to be exact, a fee he said would only increase with 'interest'. He said that he knew I was a good cop. He said something like, 'I know what you can do...', something like that. He told me that in order to repay my debt, I needed to get rid of a few people for him. One of them was Nico's nephew - it was a job that he himself wasn't willing to do. Another was a rival king pin. The last one was you.\" She stared down at the ground, and a tear made its way from the corner of her eye, down her nose, and dropped to the floor. \"I followed you for about a week before you left LA. I went to your apartment and saw you with this little Hispanic kid-\" \"Benecio,\" he said, the name like a ghost to him now. \"And I assumed he was your son. So I told Bernie that I wouldn't do it. He told me that if I didn't, he'd kill my father. Interestingly enough, I hadn't spoken to my dad in two years, but the last time we spoke, I remember him mentioning some kid that worked in his garage. A driver that he'd hired for half of what he normally pays, who could fix a car in less than an hour and was good enough to drive for the movies. He loved you like a son, D.\" A feeling of realization washed over him, harsh and bone chillingly cold. \"Shannon was your father?\" A slight and sad smile graced her lips for a moment. \"Imagine my surprise when I found out that the man I was fighting to protect was already dead.\" He let out a sigh to keep from sobbing, steadied himself on the wall to keep from falling over. She continued. \"Perhaps the most interesting part of this story is how I finally met you. Bernie called me and said that you had fled. He'd had a tail on you, and told me that I needed to get to Kansas City as soon as possible. The ballet angle was his idea - he told me you liked girls who were innocent, and the plan was to wait until you stopped to eat somewhere, then seduce you. I realize now that would have been impossible.\" She looked up, seeing if her words had brought on a response, but there was none. \"Gustavo, the Hispanic guy I killed at the gas station? He called me after he wrecked on the exit and told me to get in my car and follow you. When you hit me, I was crossing the street to do just that. I thought it was over at that point, but when you got out of the car, I saw an opportunity to play on your sympathy. You took the bait.\" Her tears flowed more fluidly now, forming a wet spot on the carpet below. \"But then I met you and realized I was never going to do it. That's why I killed him,\" she pointed to the man on the floor, \"I told him that I wasn't going to do it, and he got violent. And anything that's happened between you and me - that wasn't a lie. I made love to you because I...D, I really -\" \"Stop. I don't want to hear anymore.\" \"Please, I didn't have a choice!\" He closed the gap between them and grabbed her shoulders, shaking her violently. \"YOU ALWAYS HAD A FUCKING CHOICE!\" He stopped and stared at her, stared through her, his eyes blazing. He panted for a moment in the silence, trying to contain himself, to keep from strangling her. \"You could have told me at any time. But you didn't. I trusted you, more than I have ever trusted anyone, and you lied to me.\" She let out a sob. \"You can still trust me.\" He let go of her, a feeling of stupidity, rage, sadness, and mourning spreading through him slowly, as if someone had cracked an egg on his head. He'd thought he'd never been safer than with B, a facade that had come crashing down in front of his eyes. Everything he'd ever known with her was a lie - the most painful and damaging lie he'd ever encountered. He stood back and stared at her as she cried on the bed, and found that he still wanted to comfort her, a realization that only made him angrier. \"I want you to leave,\" he said, his voice still trembling, \"I don't care where you go, and I don't care how you get there, but I never want to see you again.\" She looked up at him with teary eyes. \"D, they'll kill me. They already know I'm here.\" \"Then you should leave soon.\" He turned away from her and stared out the window. She stared down at her hands, which shook uncontrollably, and sobbed a few more times before she pulled herself together enough to stand. She limped pathetically to the door, reaching for the knob. She paused. \"I love you, D,\" she said calmly. He swallowed as the silence fell between them, the deafening, bone crushing silence. He took a deep breath. \"Don't call me that,\" he said. She nodded slowly, then opened the door and crossed the threshold. He watched out the window and she limped across the parking lot and down half a sidewalk before she disappeared behind the lobby of the motel. He spent the better part of an hour crying.[Chapter 9] The Driver spent a long time in Dallas, longer than he should have. It had taken him a day to get there from Wichita, one of the slowest drives he'd ever made in his life. He was still jilted from B's confession, and he moved around in a haze, an air so thick you could cut it with a knife. He had kept checking his rear view mirror, half-expecting to see her there, her brilliant eyes staring back at him, her lips curled in a little half smile. But she wasn't there, and he was alone. He'd never been so alone in all his life, and that was saying something. He pretended to watch CSPAN in the motel room, keeping one eye on the door, the other on the forty in his hand, a paper bag rolled around its shoulders like a white trash feather boa. He hardly ever drank - it reeked of disappointment and a nasty childhood - but these days, the alcohol seemed to be his only comfort. The sun shone in the window, splintering through the blinds and assaulting his eyes. He hadn't showered in a few days, his five o'clock shadow had started to make its way down his neck. His face ached, his broken nose housing a boring physical pain that B had left in her wake. Here and there it would begin to bleed again, as if his body were desperately trying to purge the memory of her. His knuckles were bloody and cracked from a bar room brawl the night before, the flesh beginning to bruise over, black and blue. If you'd had happened upon him there, you might have thought he was dead. The man on the television spoke, but he heard nothing, saw nothing. The silence had descended on him like a shroud, the numbness of alcohol washing over him in a wave. Very suddenly, a ringing noise broke the silence, harsh and full of the ferocity of the Hell his life had become. He did nothing, thinking for a moment that it was all in his head, that he was dreaming. Then it rang again. His eyes flickered about the room. He'd never kept a cell phone - too easy to trace - and wherever this one was, it wasn't making itself obvious. It rang a third time, shaking the surface that housed it violently. He stood up for the first time in hours, his head reeling from the sudden rush of blood. He steadied himself on the bed and spied it - the lamp on the bedside table was vibrating ever so slightly. He rushed to it and opened the drawer, batting the bible aside. Sure enough, a red Blackberry sat beneath it, impatiently dancing around the wooden box it sat in. He picked it up and studied it, the caller ID sending a chill up his spine. \"Rose,\" he whispered to himself. A pulse of disbelief, of cynicism rushed through him. Someone had left it here, someone's girlfriend was named Rose, and now she was calling this missing phone. It's just a coincidence. In all your life as what you are, have you ever been privy to coincidences? \"No,\" he said. He pressed the talk button and lifted it to his ear. He didn't have to say anything for the other end to start speaking. \"What is it with you and pretty girls?\" asked a high pitched, yet menacing voice. The Driver paused and listened to the man's steady breathing, the static white noise that filled in over it. He swallowed hard. \"Bernie,\" he said softly. \"As much as I'd like to dwell on sentiment, I don't really have the time, so I'll make this quick. You stabbed me in a parking lot and left me for dead. After everything I did for you, you turned around and fucked me. So, that being said, I'd like to meet somewhere. Maybe have a little chat. I'm not a man of romance, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't want vengeance, a little tit for tat. You know what I'm saying?\" The Driver swallowed and rushed to the blinds, spreading them hastily and scanning the empty parking lot. As if he knew the Driver's panic, Bernie said, \"Don't worry, there's no one watching you. There's no one around to make you do anything. That, actually, is the beauty of this entire thing. You don't necessarily have to do what I say. But I came prepared for that.\" There were clicking noises as the phone was handed off to someone else, a long pause of dead air, then the sound of heavy breathing. \"D?\" asked a weak voice on the other end. A feeling of sadness, of rage and fear expanded within him all at the same time. His eyes flickered, and he staggered backward and fell to the bed again. \"B,\" he said, his voice shaking. She let out a sigh and a slight sob, then sniffled until she had calmed herself. \"Listen,\" she said, and her voice was suddenly stronger, determined even, \"whatever they tell you, do not come and get me. Please. There is nothing but death for you here -\" She yelped as a smacking noise came from the other end of the line. He winced. The clicking noises came again. \"So,\" said Bernie, \"now that you know I mean business, here's what I want. B, as you've so affectionately named her, owes me $500,000, a sum which she has failed to work off.\" The Driver swallowed. \"You want the money?\" There was a pause as the click of saliva on the other end let him know that Bernie was smiling that awful smile of his. \"There's a warehouse not too far from the Dallas Cowboys Stadium - a place where they used to make candy bars. If you're not here in three hours with the cash, she dies. But so help me God - and I want to make this very clear - if you come here and try to pull anything, I will gut her right in front of you. Do you understand me?\" \"I understand.\" \"Good.\" \"Bernie,\" he said suddenly, a slight panic in his voice, \"wait. Can I speak to her? Please?\" Bernie laughed a terrible laugh, a laugh which went on for an exorbitant amount of time. \"Sure kid.\" There were clicks as the phone was passed to her again. \"Hello?\" she asked. Her voice was strained, damaged, all the pain and suffering he had felt for her personified in one word. He smiled a little, despite the situation. He knew it was hopeless, knew that today, he would die. But to hear her voice again - that was enough for him. \"Hi, B,\" he said softly, a tear coming to his eye. \"I just wanted to let you know that I made a mistake. I just wanted to tell you that...that I love-\" \"I know. I love you too.\" He swallowed again, and sighed. \"I'm coming to get you.\" \"Don't,\" she said, her voice broken with tears. He paused, a deafening silence to end all silences. \"You have given me something I never thought I could have. Thank you, B.\" \"Avery. My name is Avery.\" He smiled wider than he had in his entire life, and a tear made its way down his cheek. \"Thank you, Avery. I'll see you in three hours.\" She cleared her throat. \"I'll see you in two.\" Click. Silence. ","Summary":" ''For the rest of your life, you're gonna be looking over your shoulder.'' Bernie was right. That s"},{"Movie":"Drive, 2011","Title":"Inexplicable choix","Author":"duneline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7522271","Passage":"[Chapter 1] « Drive » est un film qui m'a plu et m'a sauvé pour l'inspiration ! Je cherchais, pour « Green Lantern », un personnage avec lequel je pouvais écrire une fiction slash ! Et, bingo ! Surgit un véritable don du ciel : « The Driver », un personnage comme je les aime… Bonne lecture ! « Inexplicable choix » : Green Lantern survolait les cieux des Etats-Unis, aimant, comme toujours, ce sentiment de solitude et de liberté. Une liberté grisante procurée par le fait de pouvoir voler et de sentir proche des étoiles. Après des semaines, passées à patrouiller dans son secteur de l'univers, le jeune héros était heureux de revenir sur Terre. Une planète qui faisait partie de son secteur sous sa garde. Une nostalgie se fit sur ses traits masqués aux sacrifices qu'Hal avait dû faire pour continuer à être le digne « gardien » de la Corporation des Green Lantern. Carol Ferris, sa petite-amie, pilote comme lui, lassée de devoir l'attendre, avait choisi de fréquenter un autre homme. Elle était désormais fiancée avec un bon parti. Le clignotement de son anneau tira Hal de son humeur mélancolique et chassa la jeune femme de ses préoccupations premières. Ecoutant l'anneau, Green Lantern bifurqua et accélérant, se dirigea vers Los Angeles. Une voiture, garée sur le bas-côté d'une route déserte, en pleine nuit, attira l'attention d'Hal qui, sans bruit, avec grâce, se posa sur le bitume. Il aperçut un jeune homme immobile et la tête rejetée en arrière. Inquiet, il se précipita vers le conducteur qui, les yeux clos, paraissait inconscient. Confirmation donnée par le sang qui s'écoulait d'une plaie sur le côté droit de l'abdomen. Hal ouvrit la portière, saisit le jeune homme et le coucha sur le sol. Il tapota la joue pâle de l'inconnu dont le visage régulier était tuméfié aux lèvres et à l'arcade sourcilière. Le blessé finit par reprendre conscience et ses yeux bleus se portèrent sur ceux de Green Lantern. Un long examen soutenu de la personne d'Hal et l'inconnu se dégagea des bras de son sauveur. Pas un mot. Aucun remerciement. Aucune réaction. Juste un visage figé dans une expression indéchiffrable. Hal, surpris, habitué à l'étonnement émerveillé des gens qu'il sauvait, l'observa tituber vers sa voiture. Il détailla la silhouette mince et longiligne de l'inconnu et fut frappé par sa démarche fluide et gracieuse malgré la blessure. Puis, il se souvint du regard sans émotion et absent que lui avait adressé le jeune homme. « -Quoi ? Se récria Hal, en fronçant des sourcils, déconcerté. Tu veux que je l'amène sur notre planète pour que les Immortels puissent le sauver ? Mais pourquoi ? C'est juste un homme blessé ! L'hôpital suffit ! » Le monologue d'Hal avec son anneau indifféra l'inconnu qui commença à démarrer. Mais l'anneau décida pour les deux hommes. Ayant sa volonté propre, il entoura Hal résigné et le conducteur extirpé de la voiture dans une boule d'énergie verte. L'inconnu coula un simple regard vers Hal qui lui envoya un sourire d'excuse et referma les yeux, s'abandonnant contre Green Lantern. « -Nous allons voyager vers Ola, ma planète. » Expliqua-t-il, ne sachant pas si le jeune homme l'écoutait ou pas. Visiblement, non. Car Hal n'obtint pas de réponses ni de réactions. Il était certain d'une chose : L'indifférence n'était pas due à son état semi-inconscient mais à la personnalité énigmatique du jeune inconnu. Hal, débarrassé de son masque, vola vers la capsule où était soigné le blessé et le contempla, perplexe et curieux. Son mentor s'approcha du jeune terrien et parla : « -Tu te demandes pourquoi l'anneau a fait le choix de l'amener ici, n'est-ce pas ? » Hal fixa son mentor avec respect et eut une moue de la bouche qui exprima ses questionnements. « -Je doute du bien fondé de la décision de l'anneau. Dit Hal, en examinant la plaie de l'inconnu. Je ne sais rien de cet homme. Seulement qu'il a été poignardé et le peu que je perçois de lui ne m'enthousiasme pas. Il est loin d'être un innocent. Il est froid, pas très bavard… » L'autre Gardien rit, amusé par les conclusions de son ancien élève. « -Patience, Hal ! Recommanda-t-il, en s'éloignant vers la sortie. L'anneau ne se trompe jamais. Aie confiance en lui. Vois par la suite. » Sur ces mots sibyllins, le mentor laissa Hal et ses questions avec le jeune inconnu. Hal se pencha sur la vitre de la capsule et étudia, gravement et attentivement, les traits de cet homme. Il tressaillit en découvrant un sillon blanchâtre sur l'une des joues de l'inconscient. Indiquant une peine probablement récente. Assez forte pour que cet homme froid avait pu verser des larmes. « -Qui es-tu ? » S'interrogea Hal, en guettant les moindres signes d'émotion sur ce visage impassible. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 2] Un « écorché » vif ? J'aime cette expression pour définir le personnage « The Driver ». Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 2 : L'avion militaire, un F-15, se dissout en atterrissant sur le parking désert de l'immeuble où logeait Hal. Ce dernier ôta son anneau, le mit dans la poche de son jean et franchit les quelques mètres le séparant du hall d'entrée. Ne se souciant pas si le jeune blond le suivait ou pas. Avant de quitter « Ola », la planète refuge des gardiens de l'univers, Hal avait prévenu l'énigmatique inconnu que celui-ci était libre de le quitter. Une fois sur Terre. Mais, à la grande stupeur et à la mauvaise surprise de Green Lantern, l'anneau et son mentor avaient recommandé que le blond demeurat avec lui. Hal avait donc aussi donné ce choix, à contrecœur : Devoir jouer les baby-sitters n'entrait pas dans ses attributs de Gardien… Le jeune inconnu n'avait pas répondu, se contentant de conserver une mine impassible et un visage sans émotion. « -Voilà, mon « chez moi » ! Présenta Hal, un peu ennuyé de voir que son compagnon n'avait pas pris la fuite. C'est spacieux et composé d'une seule chambre. Mais comme je n'y suis presque jamais, je te la cède. Fais comme chez toi jusqu'à ce que tu désires aller voir ailleurs. Seule condition : Pas touche à mes affaires privées, ok ? » La dernière recommandation arracha le premier sourire du blond qui hocha de la tête : « -Oui, le message est passé. » Son regard impavide, où Hal discerna un pétillement amusé et moqueur, rencontra celui de Green Lantern qui le soutint franchement. L'avertissement lu dans les yeux noisette d'Hal élargit le sourire du blond qui finit par céder et promener un regard curieux autour de lui. Le loft était clair et spacieux, avec une immense terrasse et une baie vitrée donnant une vue magnifique sur les lumières de la ville : Un canapé, couleur marron, et une table basse en verre contribuaient à une atmosphère chaleureuse et des habits, trainant partout, indiquaient un appartement de garçon célibataire. Hal examina les réactions de son colocataire, étudiant et surveillant ses moindres expressions et décela une réelle fascination dans l'attitude de l'autre homme. Il se tourna et découvrit ce qui captivait autant le blond : Des affiches de jets de l'armée, de voitures de formule « un », des photos d'Hal en tenue de pilote, près de son F-15 et deux maquettes d'avion et d'une voiture de formule « un ». Celle d'Ayrton Senna, l'une des idoles d'Hal. Une nostalgie, teintée d'un soupçon de remords et de regrets, troubla fugitivement les traits du blond qui s'avança vers la maquette de l'automobile d'Ayrton Senna et qui la contempla longuement. S'oubliant et oubliant la présence d'Hal qui le fixait attentivement. Le jeune brun remarqua la lueur d'un désir non assouvi dans les yeux bleus de l'inconnu et son expression absente et lointaine. Ce dernier eut un geste pour se saisir de la maquette de la voiture de formule « un » mais renonça. Reprenant son masque de froideur et d'indifférence, il sembla se rappeler de la présence de son « hôte » et simplement, déclara : « -Mon prénom est Ryan. Merci. » Hal souleva un sourcil, ironique et fit : « -Je présume que ce n'est pas ton vrai prénom. Mais cela me va, Ryan. Tu es libre de garder ton mystère tant que cela ne nuit à personne. » L'air narquois et presqu'espiègle de Ryan confirmèrent les doutes d'Hal qui, s'affalant sur le canapé, lança : « -Si tu me montrais tes talents de cuisinier, Ryan ? Je meurs de faim et je dois retourner à mes devoirs. » Hal devait lui reconnaître cette qualité-là : Ryan ne souleva aucune protestation et enlevant son blouson, tranquillement, farfouilla dans le frigo à la recherche d'aliments comestibles pour la préparation d'un bon repas. La nuit était claire, avec une Lune pleine et généreuse. Un cure-dent coincé entre ses dents, Ryan, les mains sur le volant d'une voiture banale, jetait des coups d'œil sur une montre. Les secondes défilaient, inexorables. Inéluctables. Sans le vouloir, malgré lui, il envoya un regard inquisiteur et explorateur vers les étoiles. Il imagina Hal patrouillant dans l'espace infini de son secteur dévolu et se ressourçant, après une bataille pour la paix, dans sa planète « Ola ». Brusquement, des coups de feu retentirent dans la nuit et deux hommes masqués jaillirent d'un entrepôt, en courant comme des forcenés. Ryan vit que les « cinq minutes » ne s'étaient pas encore écoulées et ouvrit la portière arrière de la voiture. Les deux hommes s'y engouffrèrent dedans et la voiture démarra au quart de tour. Ryan, concentré sur sa conduite, écoutait les renseignements donnés par la radio, réglée sur la fréquence de la police. « -Qu'est-ce qu'il fiche ? Maugréa un des deux malfaiteurs, nerveux. Il va nous faire arrêter ! » Ryan ne se préoccupa pas de la mauvaise humeur de l'homme, impassible et avec un sang-froid admirable, il suivit de près une voiture de patrouille de police. Celle-ci, sirènes hurlantes, grilla le feu rouge tandis que Ryan stoppa la voiture. Les deux braqueurs respirèrent, soulagés et l'un des deux chuchota : « -Tu vois, on a rien à craindre. « The Driver » est le meilleur ! » Lorsque le feu passa au « vert », Ryan engagea la voiture dans une rue fréquentée et animée. L'anneau d'Hal se mit à clignoter et l'information parvenant au cerveau du jeune brun, une colère et une fureur terribles s'emparèrent du super-héros. Jurant entre ses dents, Hal sortit de son vaisseau et vola en direction de la Terre. « -Lui faire confiance ? Ragea Hal, en pénétrant dans l'atmosphère terrestre. Pourquoi une telle foi en lui, cet ingrat ? Pourquoi ne pas le laisser à son destin ? » Mais l'anneau insista et Green Lantern, rageant et pestant mentalement, les yeux assombris de colère, se dirigea vers le lieu indiqué par l'anneau. Il vit ce qu'il cherchait et atterrissant devant une voiture qui commençait à se garer près d'un trottoir, il ne bougea pas. Les deux cambrioleurs, incrédules devant l'homme en uniforme vert, tentèrent de fuir mais Hal les attrapa à la sortie de la voiture. Il les ligota avec des liens issus des pouvoirs de son anneau et les projeta vers un commissariat le plus proche : Avec armes et butins. Pendant que Green Lantern s'occupait des deux malfrats, Ryan profita de ce répit pour un démarrage en trombe. Seulement, une cage verte se forma autour de la voiture et l'empêcha d'aller plus loin. Ryan tenta de faire le forcing contre ce barrage. Durant un laps de temps assez long, la volonté de Ryan et celle d'Hal s'affrontèrent, se confrontèrent : Les pneus de la voiture patinèrent sur place et le moteur manifesta des signes de fatigue et d'échauffement. Ryan, soutenant le regard décidé et furieux de Green Lantern, n'abandonnait pas. Déterminé à franchir cette barrière verte. A n'importe quel prix. Le duel menaça de durer éternellement. Les deux hommes se toisant et se défiant mutuellement. Puis le moteur, en surchauffe, lâcha. Hal eut un sourire de triomphe, en voyant le capot fumant. Ryan descendit de la voiture, claquant la portière et les poings crispés, la mine froide, marcha vers Green Lantern. « -Tu m'as « grillé » ma réputation ! Hurla-t-il, en décochant un direct sur la mâchoire d'Hal. De quoi te mêles-tu ? Ce sont mes affaires et ma vie privée ! Je ne te dois rien et tu ne me dois rien ! » Hal, surpris, ne s'attendant pas à ce qu'un homme osa s'attaquer à lui, reçut le direct mais n'eut qu'une petite moue de mépris. Il faillit exploser de fureur en entendant l'affirmation de Ryan au sujet de ne rien lui devoir. Se maîtrisant à grand-peine, Green Lantern empoigna le jeune blond par le col de son blouson et l'amena près de lui, articulant ces mots : « -Ecoute-moi, ingrat ! Ce n'est pas moi qui ai décidé de t'emmener sur Ola et de venir te sauver la vie, là, maintenant. Mais mon mentor et mon anneau t'ont accordé leur confiance. Et ce, malgré moi. Tu as eu une chance de refaire ta vie, d'avoir un nouveau départ et tu en fais quoi ? Tu reprends tes anciennes activités, en aidant des types qui n'hésitent pas à tuer pour de l'argent. Qu'est-ce qui ne va pas en toi ? » Ryan ne se débattit pas et les yeux aussi glaciaux que des glaçons, murmura : « -Je n'ai rien demandé et je ne veux pas de votre aide. Je suis ainsi. J'ai besoin d'adrénaline dans ma vie. C'est comme cela et cela me plait. » Hal le fixa, l'œil sombre, prêt à le livrer à la police mais l'anneau objecta. Le jeune gardien soupira et maintenant Ryan contre lui, prit son envol. Une idée germa dans sa tête. « -Tu veux de l'adrénaline ? Fit Hal, d'un ton trop calme. Tu veux connaître le grand frisson ? Côtoyer la mort de près ? Ok, je vais te donner cela ! » Ryan donna un coup d'œil en bas et pâlit en voyant le vide sous lui. S'agrippant avec force aux bras d'Hal, il se résigna à adopter une attitude digne et compassée. Green Lantern continua son ascension dans les hauteurs des cieux de la Terre. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 3] Hal va exaucer le désir de Ryan : Une bonne dose d'adrénaline ! La suite donc ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 3 : Les cheveux se soulevant sous l'accélération de Green Lantern, Ryan, le visage livide et les yeux braqués sur l'immensité des cieux, serrait avec force les mains d'Hal. Celui-ci, après avoir atteint une attitude assez élevée, la ville et ses lumières disparaissant sous des amas de nuages, avait entamé une série de loopings, de piqués vertigineux vers le sol et de virages à allures folles… Comme lorsqu'il pilotait ! Hal, pilote émérite de mirage, de f-15, s'était amusé comme un petit fou avec ces acrobaties dans les cieux ! Un rire lui avait échappé de temps à autre quand le jeune super-héros sentait son compagnon se crisper imperceptiblement et se cramponner instinctivement à ses bras lors d'une décélération brusque ! Mais pas un cri. Pas une seule plainte. Hal n'avait pas pu arracher un gémissement de terreur ou une supplique auprès du blond demeuré stoïque. La fureur du brun s'était calmée au profit d'une certaine interrogation, d'incompréhension et d'un début d'admiration et de respect pour le courage et le sang-froid dont faisait preuve Ryan. « -Tu m'impressionnes. » Admit Hal, en effectuant un adroit rétablissement. Ryan se retrouva confronté au vide et à la vue des nuages et inconsciemment, se pressa plus contre le torse de Green Lantern songeur. Puis Hal se rendit compte qu'une de ses mains était appuyée au niveau du cœur du « Driver » et qu'il percevait le rythme infernal auquel était soumis le cœur du blond. L'organe n'allait pas tarder à en pâtir, s'il continuait à battre ainsi ! Hal se maudit, se traitant d'imbécile et diminua son allure, tout en amorçant une descente vers la terre en douceur. Le cœur de Ryan reprit un rythme normal, au grand soulagement du brun. « -Je ne veux pas de ta pitié ! Fit Ryan, froidement. Ramène-moi et fiche-moi la paix! » Green Lantern s'exhorta à la patience, regrettant son geste de sollicitude. Il inspira fortement et amena le visage du blond vers lui, le contraignant à rencontrer son regard : « -Je perds mon temps avec toi. Je me demande ce que l'anneau a vu en toi. Tu es irrécupérable. Tu es incapable de gratitude et de compassion. Tu es un être froid. Tu as un morceau de glace comme cœur. » L'infime lueur blessée dans les yeux bleus de Ryan et le minuscule scintillement de ses prunelles n'échappèrent pas au regard perspicace d'Hal qui se souvint du sillon blanchâtre sur sa joue. Signe que le jeune blond avait pleuré et souffert. Quelle était la femme qui avait réussi à faire fondre cet homme si froid et apparemment, si égoïste ? Hal supposa qu'il devait s'agir d'une histoire d'amour tournant au drame. Sa curiosité en éveil, le brun tenta de lire dans les yeux du blond. Mais Ryan détourna le visage et se mura dans son silence si caractéristique. Abandonnant l'idée de lui soutirer des confidences, le brun se résolut de terminer sa descente. Constatant que les mains de Ryan étaient gelées, il fit grimper la température grâce à l'énergie de l'anneau. Energie qui diffusa une douce chaleur autour du blond qui cessa de frissonner. Ryan ne put réprimer de l'étonnement et une sensation, étrange et confuse, amena de la couleur sur ses joues. Le jeune blond ferma les yeux et s'endormit, épuisé, la tête sur l'épaule de Green Lantern. Un sourire flotta, un instant, sur ses lèvres sous la perception d'une main lui effleurant les cheveux. Dans une délicate caresse. Un cri tira Ryan de son sommeil et celui-ci remarqua qu'il était allongé sur un divan inconnu. Une jeune femme, brune et très belle, en chemisier de nuit, faisait face à un Hal au sourire charmeur et effronté. Le brun souriait largement, affrontant la colère indignée de la jeune femme qui jeta : « -Hal ! Etre un super-héros ne te dispense pas des règles de savoir-vivre ! Imagine si Matt avait été là ? Il serait ravi d'apprendre que mon « ex » de super-héros me rend des visites, la nuit ! Comme bon lui semble ! » Hal, en tenue de civil, ne se démonta devant l'explication de son ancienne petite-amie et eut un haussement d'épaules : « -Pas de risque, Carol. Ton cher et si parfait Matt est en voyage d'affaires. En Europe, non ? D'ailleurs, tu passes toujours tes nuits, seule. Comme lorsque tu étais encore ma fiancée. » Carol ne souleva pas cette « pique » et l'ironie et se contenta d'affirmer : « -Mais au moins, je sais où il est et je sais que l'attente ne sera pas longue avant son retour. Et je peux le rejoindre si je le souhaite. » Elle sentit le regard de Ryan sur eux et observa le jeune blond, intriguée. Elle interrogea Hal du regard. Ce dernier avait oublié la présence du « Driver » et se rappela le motif de son irruption dans la demeure de Carol Ferris, sa patronne et son ex-fiancée. « -Ryan, un pilote d'élite. Présenta Hal, d'un ton clair et sans hésitation. Ton père recherche un pilote de course pour des tournois de formule »un ». Ryan sera parfait. Il est un as de la conduite et n'a pas froid aux yeux. Parie sur lui, Carol. C'est un futur champion. » Ryan, en entendant la requête de Green Lantern, se pétrifia et fixa Hal, étonné. Carol, d'abord suffoquée de l'audace d'Hal, examina Ryan d'un œil critique et professionnel. Elle le jaugea des pieds à la tête et parut satisfaite. Elle réalisa, soudainement, que les deux hommes ne s'étaient pas quitté des yeux durant son examen et nota que l'expression de son ami d'enfance s'était adoucie lorsqu'il avait fait l'éloge de son protégé. Elle garda ses pensées pour elle et alla serrer la main du jeune blond qui lui sourit. Hal remit son anneau et vola en direction de la fenêtre ouverte. « -Je te le confie, Carol. Fit-il, avec un clin d'œil à la jeune femme médusée et soufflée par son effronterie. Je retourne patrouiller ! » Sur un signe de la main, il s'envola. Il ignora les protestations de Carol et hilare, il rejoignit son vaisseau. « -Je m'excuse pour Hal. Fit la jeune femme, blasée. Demain, vous verrez mon père. Pour le moment, vous dormirez dans la chambre d'ami. » Ryan accepta, avec un sourire de remerciement. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 4] Ryan, pilote de formule « un » ? Pourquoi pas puisque « The Driver » aime la conduite et l'adrénaline. Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 4 : Le vaisseau d'Hal se posa, sans un bruit, sur l'astroport de la planète « Ola ». Le jeune pilote rechargea son anneau, promena un regard sur le ciel paisible de sa nouvelle patrie et un sourire heureux étira ses lèvres : Les hautes tours vertes luminescentes et les innombrables petits engins volants, sillonnant le ciel, étaient devenus familiers pour le jeune Terrien et ce dernier éprouvait toujours cet émerveillement devant la puissance de la volonté et de son énergie. Puis il aimait son refuge, sa deuxième planète et après chaque patrouille dans son secteur, il ressentait un sentiment de bonheur et de paix à retourner dans sa deuxième famille. Auprès des siens : Les Gardiens de l'Univers. Emotions qu'il partageait avec ses frères d'arme et son mentor, en particulier. Sortant de son vaisseau, il voltigea, une seconde ou deux, dans les airs d' « Ola » et longeant des habitations, il parvint près de celle de son mentor. Ce dernier s'occupait d'une nouvelle recrue, visiblement et manifestait la même patience et la même intransigeance qu'il avait fait preuve avec un Hal débutant. Devinant l'arrivée de son protégé, le mentor signifia que la leçon était finie au jeune élève et accueillit Hal avec une sérénité impressionnante. « -Tu es venu pour me parler de ce jeune Terrien. Supposa le Gardien, en entrant chez lui. Quelque chose te tracasse, Hal. Je le vois dans tes yeux. Et… » Il se tut un instant, examinant Hal et continua, en marchant tranquillement vers le salon : « -Tu as changé, Hal. C'est infime mais assez pour que je le perçois. Tu parais plus…Vivant. » Le jeune Terrien suffoqua devant l'affirmation de son mentor et s'installant sur une espèce de « sofa », lança : « -Vivant ? Le fait de passer de la rage à l'envie de meurtre signifie pour toi être vivant ? Ce gamin me rendra fou ! Il est froid, insensible, insolent et ingrat ! Il aime le danger et les sensations fortes ! C'est un abruti inconscient ! » Son mentor eut un rire amusé et déclara, d'un ton plein de sagesse : « -Des qualités que je retrouve en toi, Hal : Courageux, déterminé et insolent. Il te ressemble par certains côtés et j'ai l'impression de te revoir comme à tes débuts. » La mine vexée et offensée du jeune Terrien fit repartir le rire de son mentor qui se délectait de la réaction puérile de son ancien élève. Voyant qu'Hal était bien près de bouder et de le quitter, le vénérable Gardien cessa de rire et sérieux et attentif, dévisagea le jeune Terrien. Un malaise et une gêne s'emparèrent du jeune Green Lantern sous le regard vif, scrutateur et intelligent de son mentor. Hal remua sur son sofa et essaya d'esquiver les yeux profonds de l'autre Gardien. Sans réussir. « -Pose-moi la question. Fit son mentor, invitant le jeune homme à se confier. Il le faut car tu es troublé, Hal. Fais-moi confiance. » Le jeune Terrien hésita, réticent et subitement, parla, un air perplexe sur ses traits : « -C'était très étrange ce que j'ai pu ressentir. Ryan a dormi, sa tête sur mon épaule et un phénomène s'est produit : Une énergie, surgie de je ne sais où, m'a traversé et je me suis senti fort. Et bien aussi. Je ne sais pas comment l'expliquer. Mais c'était agréable et j'ai voulu renouvelé l'expérience. J'ai passé une main dans les cheveux de Ryan et cela s'est reproduit. A la seconde où il a souri. J'ignore ce que cela a pu être. » Il adressa un regard perdu vers l'autre Gardien qui l'avait écouté et qui voyait le trouble et l'anxiété de son protégé. Celui-ci, pensif, finit par sourire pour rassurer le jeune Terrien. « -Vous êtes deux âmes en perdition, toi et Ryan. Dit-il, d'une voix douce. Ryan a souffert à cause et pour ses rêves tandis que toi, Hal, tu te bats… » Mais Hal le coupa, plié en deux de rire devant l'affirmation de son mentor : « -Une âme en perdition ? Je n'ai jamais été aussi bien que depuis je suis devenu Green Lantern ! J'ai un but dans ma vie et je suis « utile » ! » L'autre Gardien secoua la tête, devant le peu de clairvoyance dont Hal faisait preuve et attendit, paisiblement, que le jeune homme se remit de sa crise de fou-rire. « -Un Green Lantern a sa raison d'être, sa motivation, sa flamme pour laquelle il se bat. Affirma l'extraterrestre, gravement. Toi, Hal, tu les as perdues depuis ta rupture avec Carol. Tu te bats, certes, mais plus avec la même conviction qu'auparavant. Les planètes et les civilisations sur lesquelles tu veilles ne sont rien pour toi. Elles ne constituent, à tes yeux, que des « obligations » de ton rôle de Gardien. Ta volonté d'empêcher le mal et de le combattre n'est plus aussi forte. Contre Sinistro, cela ne pardonnera pas. » Pendant l'explication de son mentor, Hal ouvrit la bouche pour nier, protester farouchement les arguments avancés mais pas un mot ne parvint à franchir ses lèvres. Son visage passa par toutes les couleurs quand son cerveau, engourdi, réussit à décoder les paroles de l'autre Gardien. Ce dernier se tut, comprenant que le jeune Terrien commençait à entrevoir la vérité et le motif de la présence de Ryan à ses côtés. Les yeux d'Hal s'écarquillèrent et un faible son sortit de la bouche du jeune homme éberlué et incrédule. Son esprit, assommé par la déduction logique des neurones, mit du temps pour récupérer du choc de la révélation et pour digérer l'information. Son mentor avait raison et su voir à travers lui : Son mal être, son désespoir après que Carol avait mis un terme à leur relation et le vide à l'intérieur de lui. Le fait que le jeune Terrien n'avait désiré voir la ressemblance, dans l'attitude obstinée de Ryan, entre lui et le blond. Le parallélisme de leurs comportements et de leur vie. Une vie sans but réel. Cela, Hal n'avait pas voulu le voir et l'admettre. Une pression, amicale et ferme, sur son épaule dissipa l'engourdissement dans lequel s'enfonçait le jeune brun. C'était son mentor. « -Ryan est ma flamme, n'est-ce pas ? Fit Hal, réagissant enfin. Mais ce n'est pas possible ! Je ne suis pas attiré par les hommes ! Puis de quel droit l'anneau a choisi « ma flamme » pour moi ? Il n'a pas son mot à dire sur ma vie amoureuse. » Hal avait ajouté cela dans un cri de rage, furieux et énervé. Son mentor déposa une main apaisante sur le bras du jeune Terrien et plongeant ses yeux dans ceux, sombres, de son protégé, chuchota : « -L'anneau a ses raisons et tu les connaitras en temps voulu. Quant à tes préférences, es-tu sûr de toi ? » La question fit rougir Hal, qui embarrassé, se souvint de ses confidences au sujet d'un sentiment « agréable ». Le jeune brun ne répondit pas et s'extirpant, sans brutalité, de l'étreinte de son mentor, lâcha : « -Ryan n'est et ne sera pas ma flamme. Ce n'était qu'un moment de faiblesse. » Sur cette affirmation, il s'envola très vite pour ne pas avoir à entamer une autre discussion avec son mentor. Sur Ryan. A suivre. Reviews ? « -[Chapter 5] Hal refuse d'admettre que Ryan est sa « flamme ». Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 5 : Ryan, debout sur l'estrade, en compagnie des deux autres pilotes, saluait la foule de spectateurs et sabrait le champagne. Carol, derrière les caméras et les photographes, l'observait avec une curiosité nuancée d'incompréhension et de fascination. Le jeune homme venait de remporter cette course de formule « un » devant les meilleurs pilotes de la Terre et sacré champion du monde et il demeurait d'un calme remarquable. Ses traits n'affichaient qu'un sobre sourire de joie pour les caméras et les flashs des photographes. Mais la jeune femme, qui l'avait côtoyé quotidiennement, avait intercepté une étincelle dans les yeux bleus du jeune pilote. Etincelle qui avait irradié une micro seconde le visage de Ryan. Carol avait apprécié cet instant car cela avait rendu le « Driver » plus humain et plus chaleureux. Elle avait de l'estime pour ce blond mystérieux qui se conformait aux directives de la « team racing » sans rechigner. Ryan sauta de l'estrade et fendit la horde de journalistes qui le bombardèrent de questions. Il eut un sourire patient pour eux et s'approcha de Carol qui lui fit signe de la suivre. Les vigiles de sécurité leur firent un chemin jusqu' à leur stand où les attendait le reste de l'équipe. « -Tu viens boire un coup avec nous ? Proposa un des mécaniciens, en tenue de l'équipe. On y va juste après le débriefing. » Ryan consulta Carol du regard et accepta, en recevant l'accolade de toute l'équipe. Puis estimant s'être suffisamment attardé auprès de ses coéquipiers, il rejoignit la jeune femme. « -Mon père veut te féliciter en personne pour ton titre. Expliqua Carol, en montant dans sa voiture. Il est très fier de toi, tu sais. » Ryan prit place dans le véhicule de la jeune femme, côté passager et se contenta de hocher de la tête. La voiture démarra et sortit du parking. Parvenant à hauteur d'un périphérique, Carol jeta un œil vers son passager muet et posa une question qui la taraudait depuis des mois. « -Tu es un homme riche, maintenant. Fit-elle, en surveillant la route. Pourquoi vis-tu toujours chez Hal ? » Ryan détourna vivement son visage vers la vitre ouverte et après une longue minute, finit par répondre : « -Je ne sais pas. » Carol en douta mais elle n'insista pas. Ryan n'avait aucune envie de se confier auprès d'elle. La jeune femme soupçonna que le jeune blond connaissait la raison de son séjour prolongé dans l'appartement d'Hal. Elle-même le savait probablement… Ryan mangeait une part de tarte, installé à l'une des tables d'un petit restaurant du quartier du loft de Jordan. Il aimait venir ici, après l'effervescence de la victoire, pour décompresser. Le restaurant, sans prétention, était l'un des rares lieux où aucun fan ne le dérangeait. Le patron, tenant à la tranquillité de sa clientèle, y veillait personnellement. Le jeune homme laissa son regard errer, à travers la vitre de l'établissement, vers les étoiles et cherchait à localiser la planète Ola. Même s'il savait que c'était en pure perte. Car il n'ignorait pas que la planète des Gardiens se trouvait presqu'à l'autre bout de l'univers. « -La nuit est claire et dégagée. Fit une voix, d'un ton détaché. Bonsoir, Ryan. » A l'énoncé de son prénom, le jeune blond ramena prestement son attention vers l'homme assis à sa table et en face de lui. Il le jaugea rapidement et continua de manger sa pâtisserie, nullement intimidé par le costume chic de l'inconnu. Celui-ci sourit, s'étant attendu à ce genre de réaction. Il extirpa un objet de sa poche et la posa délicatement sur la table. La vue de l'objet suspendit tout geste chez Ryan et ce dernier, comme subjugué, ne le quitta pas des yeux un seul moment. L'autre homme eut un demi-sourire de triomphe et d'amusement. « -Tu la reconnais. Dit-il, en jouant à faire rouler l'objet. C'est la balle que tu as enfoncée dans la gorge d'un type à Nino. » Ryan émergea enfin de sa torpeur et articula, les yeux droits dans ceux de son interlocuteur : « -Votre argent est avec le cadavre de son associé. » L'autre homme eut un rictus de mépris et de dédain. Il rempocha la balle et examina l'établissement. « -Tu as l'air de te plaire ici, Driver. Affirma-t-il, en ayant un sourire appréciateur sur une jeune serveuse. Pilote de formule « un » et champion du monde, pas mal ! Tu t'es converti, avec brio et succès. Mes employeurs suivent ta carrière avec un grand intérêt. » Il se tut soudain et une lueur froide et glaciale dans ses yeux, il murmura : « -Ils ont un « boulot » pour toi. Tu es le meilleur de ta profession, Driver. » Ryan acheva son assiette, avala une gorgée d'eau et déclara : « -Un peu trop tard. » L'expression de l'autre individu se durcit et son attitude devint menaçante. Ryan, impassible, le fixait. « -Tu es capable de te défendre. Constata l'homme en costume, avec un sourire cynique. Mais Irène et Bénicio, non. Pourras-tu être là pour eux, à cent pour cent ? » En entendant ces prénoms, Ryan crispa ses poings et un éclat dangereux durcit son regard. « -Réfléchis bien, Ryan. Recommanda son compagnon de table, guère impressionné par le danger que représentait Ryan. Tu as deux jours. » Il se leva de table, jeta une carte de visite sur l'assiette du blond immobile et quitta le restaurant. Ryan paya sa commande, salua le patron d'un signe de la main et sortit de l'établissement. Il monta dans sa voiture, démarra et suivit une autre blanche. Les rues défilèrent, les immeubles changèrent et les heures s'écoulèrent mais cela ne dérangea pas le jeune blond qui, stoïque et placide, conduisait. Parvenant dans un lieu désert et sombre, le « Driver » rentra en action : Il dépassa une voiture qui le gênait, patienta jusqu'à que cette dernière prit une autre route et appuyant sur l'accélérateur, défonça le coffre arrière du véhicule qui l'intéressait. Il recula et fit sortir la voiture de route. Il se gara, descendit de son véhicule, empoigna la crique pour changer les roues et marcha, déterminé, vers la voiture accidentée. Il arracha presque la portière, en l'ouvrant et extirpa l'homme, à demi évanoui, qui l'avait menacé. Il le traina derrière lui, avisa un bâtiment abandonné et s'y rendit. Il projeta son fardeau contre le mur du bâtiment, lui expédia un coup de pied dans le ventre pour tirer l'homme de son inconscience et parla : « -Son nom. Tout de suite. » Mais l'autre éclata de rire, malgré la douleur et se moqua du « Driver » franchement : « -Il n'est pas du calibre de ce Nino. Tu ne pourras rien, Driver. A part, lui servir de « toutou » ! » Le jeune blond cogna, encore et encore mais le rire ne cessait pas. « -Son nom. Et, je t'épargnerai peut-être. » L'individu se tut et toisa « Driver » durant des minutes interminables puis un lent rictus se fit sur ses lèvres fendues, pleines de sang. « -Pourquoi pas ? Dit-il, méprisant. Tu ne l'atteindras pas de toute façon. » Il se pencha à l'oreille du jeune blond et prononça un mot. Un seul. Ryan l'enregistra, relâcha son prisonnier et agrippant la crique, il l'abaissa pour asséner le crâne du messager. « -Ryan ! » Hurla une voix familière. L'interpellé se figea et vit Green Lantern qui, incrédule et épouvanté, le dévisageait. Lui et son visage éclaboussé de sang. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 6] Impitoyable et implacable, « Driver » se révèle être ainsi. L'anneau se serait trompé sur le compte de Ryan… Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 6 : Green Lantern et Ryan se faisaient face, à quelques mètres l'un de l'autre. Les deux hommes se fixaient, sans échanger un mot et un silence, alourdi de tension, s'instaura entre eux. Hal crut discerner, à la lueur des étoiles, de la honte, du désarroi, de la détresse et de la crainte dans les yeux du blond. Son regard nota le tremblement, si imperceptible, des mains de Ryan sur la manche de la crique. Soudain, un hurlement de rire fit se retourner les deux hommes sur l'individu qui, apercevant Green Lantern, était la proie d'un formidable fou-rire. « -C'est qui, cette « tapette » en collant ? Lança-t-il, entre deux hoquets de rire. Tu as de drôles d'amis, « Driver » ! Tu as viré ton « cuti » ? » Ryan lâcha la crique et avant qu'Hal pusse intervenir, lui fracassa la mâchoire d'un coup de pied. Le prisonnier hurla de douleur, cette fois-ci et se roulant par terre, cracha deux dents. « -Tu vois de quoi je suis capable. Fit Ryan, à l'adresse de Green Lantern qui lui envoya un regard noir de reproche. Je ne suis pas un gars « gentil ». Occupe-toi de tes affaires et ne te mets pas en travers de mon chemin. » Ignorant les gémissements de souffrance de l'autre homme, les bras croisés, Hal jaugea le jeune blond : Il avait peine à reconnaître le Ryan placide, docile et si maitre de ses émotions. Ce qu'il avait en face de lui était un être à l'expression implacable, glacial, sans remords et proche de la folie meurtrière. Et de la folie tout court. « -Sinon, quoi ? Demanda Hal, en s'approchant de Ryan, le provoquant. Sinon, quoi ? » Le jeune homme s'épargna une réponse en se jetant sur Hal, avec une agilité et une grâce féline. Le super-héros l'esquiva aisément, se déplaçant sur la droite et ôtant son anneau, le mettant dans sa poche, répliqua d'un crochet du pied. Ryan chuta mais se relevant prestement, réussit à assener un direct dans la figure d'Hal qui s'écroula, assommé. Sans un regard en arrière, Ryan empoigna l'autre homme et le tira jusqu'à sa voiture. Il était plus de minuit lorsque Ryan parvint devant un portail automatique. A travers les grilles, il vit la somptueuse demeure de l'employé de son passager. Il ouvrit la vitre de sa portière et s'adressant aux deux gardes en costume et armés, il désigna le blessé sur le siège de son véhicule : « -« Driver ». J'ai un colis qui appartient à votre patron. » Un des deux vigiles se pencha par la vitre, aperçut ledit »colis » et se redressant, se mit à parler dans ses oreillettes. Puis, après une minute, il fit signe au « Driver » de franchir le portail qui s'entrouvrait. Ryan, en toute quiétude, s'exécuta. Deux hommes, des gardes du corps, les attendaient sur le perron de la vaste villa. Ce que voyant, le passager de Ryan se mit à ricaner. Ce dernier le fit taire, en le frappant sèchement sur la bouche. Escorté par trois hommes armés, Ryan marchait tranquillement. Les mains dans les poches de son blouson. Le regard fixe et les traits indéchiffrables. Le messager du maitre de ces lieux boitait derrière lui, s'efforçant de suivre le rythme des quatre hommes. Avec un mouchoir, il essayait de stopper le sang qui coulait de sa plaie au front. Un des escorteurs ouvrit une immense porte en bois massif et invita Ryan, de la main, à pénétrer dans le salon où devait l'attendre le propriétaire. Le jeune homme, sans hésitation, franchit le seuil de la pièce et debout, face à un canapé, examina l'endroit. Prenant son temps. « -Tu as du cran, petit. Déclara un homme mince, près de la trentaine, brun, en robe de chambre. Personne n'a osé me réveiller à cette heure de la nuit. J'aime ça chez toi, « Driver ». » Ryan écoutait sans broncher et sur un geste de la main de son hôte, il s'installa sur un fauteuil. Entre lui et le « Caïd », il n'y avait qu'une table basse en verre et de marbre. Un étui à cigare et deux verres, avec un carafon de liqueur ambrée, étaient posés sur la table. « -Un mélange d'impudence, d'insolence et d'inconscience. Enonça le maitre des lieux, en allumant un cigare. Et de naïveté : Pour aider le mari de ta petite-amie à me voler, il en faut du cœur et de la naïveté. Irène, charmante petite veuve… » A l'évocation de ce prénom, une rage emplit Ryan dont les yeux bleus étincelèrent dangereusement. Le brun n'eut qu'un sourire sardonique et cynique à la fois. Nuancé d'un amusement certain… « -Votre argent a été rendu, Salvatore. Assura Ryan, d'un ton froid. Irène et Benicio n'ont rien à voir dans ce vol. » Salvatore écarquilla des yeux légèrement, surpris par l'audace du blond : Seul les intimes se permettaient de l'appeler par son prénom. Mais il haussa juste un sourcil et tirant sur son cigare, il dit : « -Tu as cru, comme Nino, pouvoir me duper ? Rendre l'argent ne suffit pas. En t'impliquant dans ce braquage, tu as mis aussi ta petite-amie et son fils dans l'affaire. On ne touche pas à mes millions en toute impunité. Tu as une dette envers moi. » Le jeune blond serra des poings et répliqua : « -Je ne suis redevable qu'à moi-même. Laissez Irène et son fils tranquille. Oubliez leur existence. Ou vous m'aurez toujours sur votre dos. Vos trafics vont aussi connaître des accidents. Ainsi que vos hommes. » Un lent demi-sourire sur ses lèvres, Salvatore tendit la main vers un de ses gardes du corps, reçut un révolver et visant Ryan, commença à presser la gâchette. Le jeune blond, sans ciller, ne baissa pas le regard et attendit. Au dernier moment, Salvatore dévia son tir et abattit son messager qui tomba sur le sol dallé du salon. « -Tu vois, « Driver ». Fit-il, en déposant l'arme sur la table basse. Perdre mes hommes ne m'émeut pas. Contrairement à toi. Tu me fascines. Tu es froid en apparence mais tu peux être très passionné. » Ryan, ni ému et ni impressionné par la mort de l'autre homme, s'inclina et murmura : « -Croyez-moi. Je n'ai aucun état d'âme. » Un éclair vert translucide jaillit, à travers une fenêtre dont la vitre vola en éclat et une voix, moqueuse et sarcastique, provenant du plafond du salon, assura : « -Sur ceci, je n'ai aucun doute dessus. Monsieur Salvatore, il n'hésitera pas à vous tuer. » Les trois hommes et l'intéressé, médusés, aperçurent un homme masqué qui les toisait, avec nonchalance et insolence, dans les airs. Des lassos neutralisèrent, les ligotant fermement, les gardes et les suspendirent, dehors à une balustrade. Ryan eut un soupir excédé et fusilla, du regard, furieux Green Lantern. « -Tu ne peux me laisser régler mes affaires, seul. Cria-t-il, en se relevant pour se lancer à la poursuite de Salvatore. En plus, tu m'espionnes ! Je te croyais K.O ! » Il se rembrunit sous le sourire malicieux d'Hal, comprenant que celui-ci s'était laissé assommer. Mais il ne se préoccupa plus de Green Lantern et se concentra sur Salvatore qui fuyait par les couloirs. D'une extraordinaire vélocité, il parvint à le rattraper. D'un bond, il fut sur lui et l'étala au sol. Froidement, il leva son poing et cogna une fois, deux fois, trois fois. Le sang gicla, lui éclaboussant ses traits. Ryan continua à frapper, comme un sourd quand Green Lantern lui arracha sa victime. Le super-héros prit son essor dans les cieux et lâcha délibérément une des poignets de Salvatore. Celui-ci, livide et affolé, risqua un coup d'œil sous lui et gémit en voyant le vide. « -Qui sont Irène et Benicio ? » Questionna Hal, en le faisant balancer au gré du vent. Salvatore s'agrippa aux doigts de Green Lantern et bégaya : « -La veuve de Gabriel Standar » Green Lantern décrocha un doigt, en secouant de la tête et fit, désapprobateur : « -Mauvaise réponse, monsieur Salvatore. On recommence : Qui sont Irène et Benicio ? » Cette fois-ci le malfrat comprit et bredouilla, la voix chevrotante de peur : « -J'ignore qui sont ces personnes ! Je l'ignore ! » Hal approuva, d'un hochement de tête et le ramena vers Ryan qui le foudroya des yeux. Salvatore s'affala comme une carpette sur le sol et rampa dans un coin où il se recroquevilla. Mais Hal n'en avait pas fini pas avec lui. Il désigna Ryan et demanda : « -Et lui, vous le connaissez ? » Terrorisé, au bord de l'apoplexie, Salvatore murmura : « -Non. Je ne vois personne. » Green Lantern se détourna de lui, dégoûté par le comportement pathétique et lâche de ce « caïd » et retint, de justesse, le poing de Ryan qui le fixait, fou furieux. « -Je n'avais pas besoin de ton aide. Affirma-t-il, en se dirigeant vers Salvatore. Je vais régler cela, à ma façon. Tant qu'il vivra, il sera une menace pour Irène et son garçon. » Mais Hal s'interposa, décidé et réprobateur et tirant Ryan par le poignet, l'entraina dans une salle d'eau. Les deux hommes n'avaient plus à craindre des sbires du malfrat : A l'apparition du super-héros, ils s'étaient enfuis. « -Lave ton visage. Ordonna Hal, en poussant le blond vers un évier. Et tes mains aussi. » Ryan se pétrifia un instant, observant Hal qui sortit de la salle de bain. Puis il se lava soigneusement la figure et les mains, ôtant les traces de sang. Il rejoignit Green Lantern qui, le prenant dans ses bras, s'envola par la fenêtre brisée. L'anneau indiqua au Green Lantern que l'immeuble était sa destination. Hal, se faisant invisible, lui et Ryan, atterrit vers le hall d'entrée. Des émotions traversèrent les yeux du blond quand celui-ci reconnut les lieux. Los Angeles. Son immeuble. L'immeuble d'Irène. Une joie et un bonheur infini illuminèrent le visage de Ryan qui s'élança vers le hall. Mais Hal le retint. En jean et pull, le brun avait enlevé l'anneau. « -Attends. Dit-il, en l'amenant à lui. Tu as encore une tâche de sang ici. » Il humidifia son index de salive et nettoya un bout du sourcil droit de Ryan dont la stupeur était indéniable sur les traits. « -Si tu avais tué Salvatore, je ne t'aurais pas permis de revoir ni Carol et ni Irène. Fit Hal, franchement. Et ni ta « racing team ». Allez, je t'accompagne. » En silence, les deux hommes entrèrent dans l'immeuble. Hal, caché dans un recoin du couloir, assista aux retrouvailles : Une jeune femme blonde avait ouvert la porte et muette, des larmes aux yeux, contemplait Ryan. Celui-ci, timide et nerveux, ne bougeait pas. Puis dans un cri, Irène enlaça Ryan dans ses bras et pleura contre son torse. Ryan l'étreignait avec ferveur et la berçant, l'embrassa passionnément. Sur la vision de ce baiser, Hal quitta l'immeuble. Redevenant Green Lantern, il entreprit de rejoindre son vaisseau. « -C'est mieux ainsi. Assura-t-il, parlant à son anneau. Mais je ne suis pas triste. » L'anneau insista, lui faisant constater une autre chose. « -Non ! Nia Hal, farouchement, en essuyant ses joues. Je ne pleure pas. C'est juste une poussière dans l'œil. Quoi, une fausse réponse usitée ? Tu sais, quoi ? Je ne te parle plus. » A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 7] Irène et Ryan sont finalement ensembles. Hal ne veut toujours pas écouter l'anneau. Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 7 : Deux Gardiens, un mince et un plus grand, soutenaient un autre Green Lantern qui peinait à marcher : La tête baissée, la respiration haletante et difficile, son costume déchiré, celui-ci tenait à peine sur ses deux jambes et portait les traces d'une bataille terrible et acharné. Des plaies et des hématomes couvraient son visage et le reste de son corps. Un troisième Gardien surgit, en catastrophe, d'un bâtiment et s'approcha du blessé. Calmement, sans montrer des signes apparents d'anxiété, il évalua immédiatement la situation et l'état de son protégé. Il accompagna les deux Gardiens dans l'intérieur du bâtiment médical et assista, en silence, la mise en programmation de la capsule de soins pour son ancien élève. Se détournant d'Hal alité, en suspension, dans la capsule, son mentor interrogea les deux compagnons du jeune Terrien : « -Que s'est-il passé sur O. 56, Mex ? Cela ne devait être qu'une mission de reconnaissance afin de décider d'une stratégie. » Le dénommé Mex, le pelus mince et le plus petit des trois Gardiens, ne cacha pas son désarroi et son impuissance face aux conséquences imprévues de cette mission. « -Hal et moi, nous sommes partis en reconnaissance sur la planète. Expliqua-t-il, les sourcils froncés sous l'effort de réflexion. Nous avons bien vu les otages gardés par les alliés de Sinistro. Hal s'est mis en tête de les délivrer. Seul. Il a ignoré mes conseils de prudence et a foncé. Mais ce que nous savions pas était que Sinistro supervisait lui-même la surveillance des otages. » Il se tut, revivant le combat acharné et obstiné d'Hal contre Sinistro pour délivrer les habitants de la planète. Il avait lutté auprès du jeune Terrien jusqu'à l'épuisement de leur pouvoir et les deux Gardiens ne devaient leur salut qu'à la présence d'esprit et à l'ingéniosité de leur troisième camarade venu en renfort. Ce dernier avait crée une diversion et avait permis à ses deux amis de regagner leur vaisseau. Hal avait été plus sérieusement et gravement blessé que ses compagnons. Mex relata le récit de leur bataille au mentor d'Hal qui écoutait sans émettre un commentaire ni un jugement. A la fin, le mentor leur conseilla d'aller se reposer avant de faire un débriefing avec les autres Green Lantern. Pour élaborer une stratégie pour délivrer la planète O.56. Après le départ de ses amis, l'autre Gardien demeura dans la salle et observa Hal recevant les soins. Il médita sur l'inconscience et le comportement irréfléchie de son protégé et soupira, las : « -Quand cesseras-tu d'être aussi têtu, Hal ? » Trois jours après, trois jours selon le calendrier Ola, Hal était assis sur le divan de la maison de son mentor. Mal à l'aise, embarrassé et contrarié. Remis de ses blessures, le jeune Terrien avait dû se rendre chez son ancien maitre. Réticent, trainant en vol, il se doutait bien qu'il avait avoir droit à des reproches. Son mentor, face à lui, n'avait pas dit un mot depuis son arrivée et le dévisageait, impassible. « -Tu n'es pas en forme. Finit par déclarer celui-ci, après un examen minutieux de son protégé. Il y a, en toi, beaucoup de tristesse et d'amertume, Hal. Je le ressens en toi et ton anneau, lui aussi, l'a vu. Tu ne peux plus remplir ta mission de Gardien, correctement. Pas dans ton état. Ce serait suicidaire et irresponsable de te laisser continuer ainsi. Les Immortels ont pris la décision de t'accorder un repos. Va sur Terre et mets les choses à plat. Retrouve ta flamme, je t'y incite, avant que l'anneau ne soit obligé de choisir ton successeur. » Hal voulut tourner en dérision cette histoire de « flamme » et contester le fait qu'il n'était pas en grande forme moral. Il s'en abstint, cependant, en apercevant la mise en garde dans les yeux de son mentor et son expression sérieuse et résolue. « -Ce ne peut être ce gamin. Protesta-t-il, énergiquement. Il vire « psychopathe » dès qu'on évoque Irène ou Benicio. Un vrai malade, un fou furieux ! Il m'a forcé à des actions que mon intégrité réprouve ! » Son mentor se permit un sourire et un haussement de sourcil ironiques, faisant rougir Hal. « -En quoi t'a-t-il forcé, Hal ? Demanda-t-il, tranquillement. Tu as fait le choix de le protéger. Toi, seul. L'anneau ne t'a, en rien, obligé à quoique ce soit : Il t'a simplement suggéré et tu as suivi son avis. Chacun est responsable de ses actes. Toi, tu as choisi d'aider Ryan et de le couvrir. Maintenant, pars et pose-toi les bonnes questions. » Hal, résigné, prit congé de son mentor et une fois dans son vaisseau, il admit le bien-fondé des arguments de ce dernier. Atterrissant derrière son immeuble, Hal enleva son anneau et regagna son loft. Epuisé par son voyage et son combat contre Sinistro, le jeune brun s'affala sur son divan et souffla un moment. Il avait besoin de retrouver ses repères dans son appartement et dans sa vie sur Terre, après un séjour prolongé à parcourir l'espace et ses galaxies. Il se leva du canapé, remarqua, distraitement, que le loft était bien propre et bien rangé pour un appartement où personne n'y vivait plus et commençant à se déshabiller, il entra dans sa chambre. La stupeur le figea net sur le seuil : Ryan occupait le lit du jeune brun. En pyjama, il dormait profondément. Hal, n'osant bouger pour ne pas le réveiller, le contempla. Il eut le souffle coupé par la sérénité qui émanait du jeune blond et la douceur, sur ses traits, donnée par le sommeil. Le brun sentit son cœur battre à une vitesse prodigieuse et une envie irrépressible de toucher la joue de Ryan vint en lui. A pas de loup, Hal s'approcha de l'endormi et s'agenouillant, il effleura les cheveux du blond et sa joue. Ryan, instinctivement, pressa sa joue contre la paume du brun et un sourire de bien-être se fit sur ses lèvres. Une énergie afflua en Hal qui éprouva un sentiment de puissance et de régénération. C'était époustouflant et merveilleux, ces sensations ! Des questions sur la présence de Ryan dans son loft et de l'évolution qu'avait prise sa relation avec Irène atténuèrent le bonheur du brun qui, fébrilement et anxieusement, chercha, du regard, tout élément pouvant l'informer sur les sentiments du blond vis-à-vis de la jeune femme. Aucune photo de la jeune femme. Aucun vêtement de femme. Rien. Mais Hal ne se leurrait pas : Ryan pouvait aussi bien utiliser son loft comme « pied » à terre pour mener sa double vie. Afin d'en préserver Irène et son fils. Ce qui aurait été, tout de même étonnant, de la part du blond au vu du baiser passionné entre les deux jeune gens. Las de réfléchir et de se chercher des excuses, Hal suivit son instinct et céda à son désir sous-jacent. Gardant ses vêtements, il se glissa dans le lit, se pelotonna contre Ryan et l'enlaçant avec douceur, il l'étreignit entre ses bras : Le jeune assoupi bougea et ses doigts s'entrelacèrent avec ceux de Jordan. Ressentant encore ce flux d'énergie grisante de puissance et ce sentiment, si agréable et exquis, de plénitude qui se répandit dans tout son être, le brun accentua la pression de son étreinte. Enfin en paix avec lui-même, se promettant de se réveiller avant le jeune blond, Hal s'endormit. L'odeur du café et d'œufs frits réveillèrent Hal qui, étouffant un baîllement de bien-être, ouvrit les yeux et les porta sur le ciel d'un bleu hivernal. Oscillant entre la réalité et le monde de ses rêves, le jeune homme se perdit dans la contemplation du ciel et des nuages. Il s'étira, souriant et jeta un regard insouciant sur la place vide auprès de lui. Place vide ? Hal se redressa, pâle et se dégagea du lit, paniqué. Il réalisa soudainement ce que cela impliquait et une tornade de sentiments, confus et embarrassants, chassèrent toutes pensées cohérentes de son esprit. Se mordant la lèvre inférieure, gêné et atrocement furieux contre lui, il entrouvrit discrètement la porte de la chambre et jeta un coup d'œil, scrutateur, en direction du salon. Le rouge s'empara de ses joues lorsque le brun aperçut Ryan, en jean et en T-Shirt, affairé dans la cuisine. Ce dernier, impassible, fit glisser des œufs brouillés sur une assiette. Sur la table de la cuisine, étaient disposés des plats contenant des pancakes, du bacon frit, une cafetière, deux tasses et deux couverts. Eperdu, ne sachant plus que faire, Hal interrogea le ciel du regard et finalement, choisit la solution la plus évidente et la plus facile : La fuite ! Priant pour passer inaperçu, il sortit de la chambre, se faufila vers le hall et…Son portable sonna à ce moment-là. Hal se statufia, maudissant son mobile et la personne qui appelait et affichant un sourire de circonstance, il décrocha. C'était Carol. La jeune femme, averti par Ryan de la présence sur Terre d'Hal, désirait prendre des nouvelles du brun et avait une requête aussi à lui soumettre. « -Ok, Carol. Fit Hal, d'un ton badin, en se dirigeant vers la cuisine. Je te dois bien ça. Compte sur moi pour cet après-midi. A plus tard ! » Se composant un visage détaché, il raccrocha, salua Ryan qui servait le jus d'orange et se mit à table. Le jeune blond s'assit en face du brun et sans soulever de questions sur la nuit, entama son petit-déjeuner. Hal étudia les traits indéchiffrables de son colocataire, contrarié et vaguement vexé de l'indifférence de Ryan à propos de leur « nuit » ensemble. « -Tu fais quoi aujourd'hui ? » S'enquit Hal, d'un ton normal. Il se versa du café, le huma et en avala une délicieuse gorgée : La nourriture Terrienne lui avait manqué ! Ryan s'arrêta de manger, fixa Hal et découpant son pancake, il répondit : « -Je ne suis pas avec Irène si c'est que ce que tu veux savoir. Nous sommes amis maintenant. » Un soulagement et une joie détendirent le visage du brun qui tentait de les masquer. Prenant un air neutre et faussement désintéressée, Hal lança : « -Carol a fait l'acquisition d'un avion militaire. Elle voudrait que je le teste cet après-midi. Tu pourrais être mon copilote, si tu veux. Ce serait une super occasion de voler à bord d'un jet militaire ! » Ryan poussa l'assiette d'œufs vers Hal qui s'en servit. « -Je ne sais pas piloter un avion. Déclara-t-il, en le regardant droit dans les yeux. Mais je veux bien sortir avec toi. » Les derniers mots de Ryan provoquèrent un choc chez Hal qui, sous l'effet de la stupeur, manqua d'avaler de travers son morceau d'œufs. Le brun toussota, les larmes aux yeux et vit que Ryan riait, amusé par sa réaction. Il s'immobilisa, captivé et fasciné par le rire du blond et réalisa que c'était la première fois qu'il le voyait et l'entendait rire. Il se rendit compte aussi qu'il ne l'avait jamais vu aussi détendu et aussi espiègle. Une lueur attendrie étincela, brièvement, les yeux noisette d'Hal qui savoura cet instant unique et rare. « -Viens me chercher au circuit d'entrainement vers 13heures. Recommanda Ryan, en cessant de rire et en se levant. Je dois y aller. » Enfilant son blouson, il abandonna un Hal désorienté mais à la limite d'exploser de joie. Un sourire niais et béat sur son beau visage. Des nuages sombres et lourds avaient envahis le ciel magnifique d'hivers, au grand désespoir de Carol. Impossible d'effectuer le test s'il pleuvait ou si se déchainait un orage. Hal, vêtu de son éternel blouson d'aviateur, dévala les marches qui séparaient les tribunes du circuit et s'approcha d'une silhouette solitaire. Ryan, songeur, regardait un de ses coéquipiers piloter sa voiture de formule « un » et un technicien analyser la course du formidable véhicule. Il ne prononça pas un mot lorsqu'Hal s'installa auprès de lui et lui posa un paquet emballé dans du papier journal. Il déchira lentement l'emballage, découvrit une boite à chaussure et soulevant le couvercle, il se figea : C'était la maquette de la voiture d'Ayrton Senna. Celle qui avait fasciné Ryan au début de son emménagement chez Hal. Ryan, le souffle suspendu et en proie à d'intenses émotions, ne put en détacher les yeux. « -Mon père me l'avait offerte. Révéla Hal, gravement. Pour un anniversaire. Elle est à toi, maintenant. Je sais que tu en prendras soin. » Avec respect, Ryan prit la maquette entre ses mains et détourna son visage. Des larmes coulèrent sur ses joues. Hal comprit et prenant le jeune blond dans ses bras, le cala contre lui. L'aidant à masquer ses larmes des autres membres de son équipe. Une extraordinaire vague d'énergie prit possession du corps du brun qui éprouva une puissance incroyable monter en lui. Le phénomène se reproduisit à l'identique quand Ryan glissa sa main dans celle de Jordan et que celui-ci l'étreignit tendrement. Hal se sentit ressourcé et entièrement…Renouvelé : Ses sens s'aiguisaient, son esprit s'éclaircissait jusqu'à atteindre l'ultime stade d'évolution. Lumineux. Limpide. Chaleureux aussi, le chemin qui se présentait au Green Lantern. « -Tu es vraiment ma « flamme. Chuchota Hal, en posant son menton sur la tête de Ryan. Mon mentor avait raison. Je saisis mieux ce que cela signifie. » La pluie tomba, glaciale. Hal voulut se lever et entrainer Ryan à l'abri mais le jeune blond refusa, secouant de la tête : « -Toi. Moi. La pluie. J'aime. » Un sourire heureux sur les lèvres, Hal resta sous la pluie et serra le blond qui se nicha contre lui, ayant chaud malgré l'eau qui le trempait. Puis Hal, relevant délicatement le visage de Ryan vers lui, l'embrassa. Le baiser fut timide, curieux et passionné vers la fin. L'anneau avertit Hal que sa présence était requise sur Ola. Celui-ci, soupirant, enregistrant les données mentalement, s'écarta de Ryan à regret. Il hésita. « -Vas-y, Hal. Encouragea Ryan, doucement. Je serai là quand tu reviendras. » Sur un baiser léger, Hal s'en alla. Le blond le vit en Green Lantern cinq minutes plus tard et s'enfoncer dans les nuages noirs. Il demeura sous la pluie quelques temps encore avant de se lever. La maquette serrée contre son cœur. Précieusement. La pluie avait cessé. Ryan descendit de sa voiture et laissant la maquette sur la banquette arrière, il entra manger une part de tarte dans son restaurant préféré. Assis près de la vitre, il salua le patron et commença par boire une tasse de chocolat chaud. Soudain, une lumière jaune et éclatante aveugla les clients et une boule d'énergie, de même couleur, brisa la vitre de l'établissement et fonça sur Ryan qui s'évanouit subitement. Emprisonnant Ryan, elle l'emporta dans les cieux. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 8] Ryan a été enlevé par une mystérieuse énergie jaune. Comment va réagir Hal de savoir sa « flamme » en danger ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 8 : La boule jaune, de pure énergie, se scinda en deux et un corps s'écrasa, brutalement, sur le sol gelé d'une grotte. Grotte dont les parois irradiant d'une lumière aveuglante démontraient, incontestablement, une origine extra-terrestre. Ryan réprima un gémissement douloureux sous le choc de l'impact contre le sol dur et froid de la caverne, mit un certain temps pour rassembler ses esprits et se redressant avec une raideur due aux courbatures, il examina l'endroit où il se trouvait. Il constata immédiatement qu'il n'était plus sur Terre et un bruissement, comme un murmure de ruissellement d'eau, lui fit lever les yeux sur sa droite. Gardant son attitude impassible, le jeune blond ne manifesta aucun signe de panique et détailla la créature qui, flottant dans les airs, en uniforme jaune, fixait avec attention une colonne d'énergie d'une intensité lumineuse inouïe. Un sentiment de malaise s'empara de Ryan devant la vue prolongée de l'énergie et puisant au très fond de lui-même, ce dernier parvint à se détacher de la contemplation de ce spectacle malsain. Un instinct primitif, remontant à l'aube de toute forme de vie, lui soufflait que cette énergie était malveillante et lui dictait de ne pas s'en approcher. De ne surtout pas la laisser le toucher. La créature se retourna enfin et dévisagea, dans un silence plein de réflexion, le prisonnier humain. Elle aurait pu passer pour un Terrien si ses oreilles pointues ne trahissaient pas ses origines extra-terrestres. Ryan soutint le regard de l'inconnu dont l'uniforme lui rappelait vaguement celui des Green Lantern, sans ciller. Il remarqua l'anneau semblable à celle que portait Hal à son doigt mais dont la couleur était différente : Elle était jaune lumineuse. L'extra-terrestre se déplaça jusqu'à Ryan qu'il toisa, d'un air dédaigneux et méprisant, avec un rictus sarcastique et machiavélique. Un orgueil incommensurable émanait de l'inconnu qui parla : « -Les immortels sont des idiots. Voir en toi, humain, espèce primitive et sous évoluée, l'une des « flammes » d'un Green Lantern ! La « flamme » d'un des meilleurs Gardiens de l'Univers ! Je doute de la sagesse et de l'intégrité mentale des immortels : Tu n'irradies aucune énergie. Je pourrai t'écraser comme un insecte que tu es … » La menace de périr ainsi n'émut pas Ryan qui continuait de regarder, fixement, son geôlier. Celui-ci parut surpris par ce manque de réaction mais il ne se démonta pas. Plein de morgue et d'assurance, il atterrit sur le sol et à pas lents et calculés, s'approcha de Ryan. Le jeune Terrien ne recula pas et froidement, riva ses yeux bleus dans ceux d'un jaune écoeurant de la créature. « -Je suis Sinestro. Déclara l'extra-terrestre, en empoignant les cheveux de Ryan et en inclinant son visage sur celui de l'humain. Maitre du pouvoir de la peur. » Rejetant brusquement la tête de Ryan en arrière, Sinestro ordonna, sèchement : « -Crie ! Appelle ton Green Lantern pour qu'il vienne à ton secours ! Je sais qu'Hal ne peut ignorer l'appel de détresse de sa « flamme » ! Hurle ! » Le jeune blond serra des dents et secoua la tête, marquant son refus d'obéir. S'obstinant dans son refus, il murmura, défiant Sinestro de ses yeux bleus d'acier : « -Hal n'est pas idiot ! Il saura que c'est un piège ! D'ailleurs, ma voix ne porte pas assez loin ! » La moquerie présente dans les dernières paroles de Ryan insupporta Sinestro qui, impatienté et furieux, gifla le blond. La tête du blond cogna durement contre l'une des parois de la caverne. Groggy, Ryan fut relevé sans douceur et trainé vers un recoin obscur de la grotte. Sinestro le projeta contre une boule transparente et claqua des doigts. Aussitôt, des images affluèrent sur la surface de la boule et Ryan vit une scène de bataille où des Gardiens affrontaient des ennemis au pouvoir semblable à celui de son geôlier. Son cœur se mit à palpiter dangereusement vite quand l'image d'Hal apparut dans la boule : Le brun, en prise avec un redoutable adversaire, s'efforçait de le neutraliser en imaginant des armes dignes d'un livre de science-fiction. Puis, soudain, Hal s'immobilisa et manqua de peu de se faire trouer par un « missile » foudroyant. Ecoutant son anneau, la mine anxieuse, il s'élança dans les cieux de la planète et se débarrassant de son adversaire, il regagna son vaisseau. Ryan blêmit, comprenant que son Green Lantern venait pour le secourir. Il se jeta sur Sinestro et eut l'avantage, certes bref, de la surprise. Les deux combattants roulèrent sur le sol, se rouant de coup mutuellement et Sinestro finit par avoir le dessus sur le Terrien. Plaquant un pied sur la joue du blond étalé au sol, celui-ci, un sourire fier et triomphant, rit et fit : « -Tu vois, sale Terrien : Ton Green Lantern et toi, vous êtes connectés par un lien indissoluble. Fie-toi à lui. Il saura te retrouver où que tu sois. Même s'il s'agit d'un piège. Il viendra. C'est ainsi. » Ryan tenta de se délivrer de l'emprise de Sinestro. En vain. Ses efforts ne provoquèrent que des sourires de mépris et de triomphe de la part du maitre de l'anneau de la peur. Maintenant toujours le blond au sol, il l'obligea à observer que ce qui allait suivre dans la boule : Hal, parvenu devant l'entrée de la caverne, se débattait contre des créatures vicieuses et hargneuses, déterminées à planter leurs crocs dans la chair du Gardien. « -L'anneau est déjà affaibli par le combat sur O.56. Expliqua Sinestro, ses yeux ne quittant pas la boule, se délectant du combat d'Hal avec ses créatures. Hal n'a sûrement pas pris le temps de recharger son anneau en énergie. Son pouvoir va être inexistant quand il arrivera à destination. » L'angoisse et la fureur décuplèrent un instant les forces de Ryan qui mordit le mollet de Sinestro. Hurlant de douleur et de rage, ce dernier essaya de se libérer de l'étreinte du Terrien qui n'en démordait pas. D'une secousse brutale, Sinestro envoya bouler le jeune blond qui essuya un filet de sang de son menton. Apercevant son sang couler d'une plaie assez importante, ivre de colère et de fierté blessée, Sinestro se résolut d'utiliser le pouvoir de son anneau pour attraper Ryan et le ficeler fermement. Rageant de s'être abaissé à utiliser son pouvoir pour neutraliser un humain insignifiant et faible, il prit son envol vers la colonne d'énergie et entraina Ryan à sa suite. Il plaça le jeune homme face à l'énergie lumineuse et prenant le menton du Terrien entre ses doigts, il lança : « -Peu de personnes ont eu le privilège de voir ce que tu vois. Contemple cette énergie issue de la peur et ressens son pouvoir immense et sans limite. » Des souvenirs, des sentiments enfouis au plus profond de son inconscient et des images envahirent le cerveau de Ryan dont les traits devinrent livides et se décomposèrent. Une tornade d'émotions négatives et malsaines rugit en lui et le blond se débattit, tentant d'échapper à ce flot incessant d'ondes ravageuses, les yeux clos. Eprouvant un sentiment atroce de dérive et de dislocation de son âme. Un sourire cruel sur ses lèvres, Sinestro admirait les ravages du pouvoir de la peur sur l'humain et jouissait de la terreur qu'il sentait naitre en Ryan. « -Tu peux lutter mais tu ne gagneras pas. Affirma Sinestro, en percevant la volonté combattive du blond. Hal ne devrait pas tarder s'il veut te sauver de la folie. » Une voix s'éleva dans le silence de la grotte, furieuse : « -Lâche-le, Sinestro ! Je suis là ! » Une expression de satisfaction, proche de la démence, se fit sur le visage de l'interpellé qui se retourna. Sans pour autant libérer Ryan. Hal se tenait, debout juste en dessous de lui et le menaçait du regard. Ses yeux avaient pris une teinte orageuse. Sinestro eut un lent sourire et toisa Green Lantern. « -Ce n'est pas moi que tu vas combattre. Annonça le maitre de l'anneau de la peur, d'un ton ne présageant rien de bon. Tu es pathétique, Hal ! Ton humanité constitue ta faiblesse ! » Eclatant de rire, il se saisit prestement de Ryan et sous le regard horrifié du Green Lantern, il jeta le blond dans la colonne de lumière jaune. « -Non ! » Hurla Hal qui tenta d'intercepter le jeune blond. Il arriva une seconde trop tard. Impuissant, il vit Ryan disparaître dans la colonne jaune. Ce dernier, sur un hurlement de souffrance terrible, fut englouti par l'énergie de la peur. A suivre. Reviews ?[Chapter 9] Le pouvoir de la peur a-t-elle eu raison de notre « Driver » ? Hal va-t-il réussir à le sauver ou est-ce déjà trop tard ? Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! Partie 9 : Le sol se mit à trembler. Une substance minérale s'effrita par morceaux des parois et de la voute de la grotte. Une aura, sombre, violente et pleine de fureur masqua un instant l'aveuglante clarté de la caverne. Le regard obscurci par la haine et la rage, les traits assombris par une froide détermination, Hal, les poings et les dents crispés, toisait Sinestro qui, les bras croisés et sans se départir de son sourire hautain, le fixait. « -Tu vas regretter, Sinestro. Affirma Green Lantern, d'un ton dur. Ryan n'était pas n'importe qui. » Sinestro éclata de rire, narguant le jeune Gardien par son attitude sarcastique et moqueur. Dans un cri, Green Lantern s'élança sur son ennemi et la colère du super-héros se déchaina dans une succession de coups et d'éclairs d'énergie verte. Le maitre du pouvoir de la peur, avec un demi-sourire cynique, esquivait les attaques de Green Lantern et ripostait, usant de son anneau avec une efficacité redoutable. Affaibli par la lutte sur O.56 et le combat contre les créatures de la grotte, l'anneau vert donnait vie aux armes imaginées par le justicier mais perdait en intensité et en puissance. Green Lantern, obsédé par la vengeance, ne s'aperçut, presqu'au dernier moment, des signes du tarissement de l'énergie de son anneau. Ce que voyant, Sinestro eut un rire de victoire et accula le jeune Gardien à quelques mètres de la colonne d'énergie jaune. « -Il me semble que tu va rejoindre ta « flamme, Hal Jordan. Prédit le maitre du pouvoir de la peur, se réjouissant et savourant sa future victoire. Adieu, Green Lantern ! » Levant son anneau et le braquant dans la direction de Green Lantern, il balança une rafale de « foudres » sur le jeune homme. Le jeune Gardien parvint à éviter la rafale mortelle et se recula, guettant la prochaine attaque de Sinestro. Tout à coup, la température chuta brutalement dans la grotte. Un son assourdissant et aigu, surgi de nulle part, s'éleva et obligea les deux combattants à protéger leurs oreilles, la douleur déformant leurs traits. Une couche de glace entreprit de s'étendre et de recouvrir les parois de la caverne. Un craquement se fit entendre et un hurlement de rage jaillit de la bouche de Sinestro : « -Non ! Ce n'est pas possible ! Je suis le maitre du pouvoir de la peur et personne ne peut la dompter, à part moi ! » Les yeux exorbités, les joues rouges de fureur, il ne pouvait détacher son regard de la colonne d'énergie jaune. Son anneau ne brillait plus et paraissait terne. Le sifflement aigu cessa et Green Lantern se redressa du sol et jeta un coup d'œil sur ce qui horrifiait tant son ennemi, déconcerté et intrigué. Son souffle se suspendit et son cœur rata un battement : La base de la colonne d'énergie s'était gelée et la glace, qui l'emprisonnait, se fissurait progressivement. Une silhouette se fraya un chemin parmi l'ouverture causée par les fissures et d'une démarche fluide et gracieuse, s'approcha des deux adversaires figés de stupeur. Green Lantern se mit à frissonner de froid, au fur et à mesure que la créature avançait vers eux. Il émanait des ondes glaciales d'elle et sous ses pas, le sol se couvrait de plaque de glace. « -Pour réellement dompter le pouvoir de la peur, Sinestro. Fit la silhouette, d'une voix polaire. Pour réellement la dominer et en être le maitre véritable, il faut avoir connu les pires terreurs et les avoir affrontées. J'ai admis, affronté et lutté contre les fantômes intérieurs de mon être. Mais ce qui m'a aidé, incontestablement, est que je n'ai pas de cœur. » La froideur et la tranquillité avec lesquelles furent dites ces mots préoccupèrent Hal qui dévisagea Ryan, incrédule et inquiet des conséquences de son passage dans l'énergie jaune. Celui-ci, toujours en jean et en blouson, se tenait face à Sinestro et le jaugeait, l'air implacable. Son visage était d'un blanc évoquant la banquise polaire et ses lèvres, bleuâtres. « -Ryan ! Appela Green Lantern, en accourant vers le jeune homme qui l'ignorait. Résiste à son pouvoir ! Lutte ! » Il attrapa Ryan par la main mais l'intéressé, d'un mouvement brusque, se dégagea de l'étreinte du Gardien et le projeta, sans douceur, à terre. Il ne lui accorda aucun regard, absorbé par la personne de Sinestro qui tentait de fuir. Ryan lui donna un vigoureux coup de pied dans les cotes et l'envoya s'écraser contre une paroi de glace. Sinestro hurla de douleur, se tordant et essaya de se défendre. Mais le jeune Terrien leva la main et une force invisible souleva Sinestro et l'immobilisa au plafond. D'un bond, il vola jusqu'à son prisonnier et lui saisit la gorge entre ses doigts. Il serra, serra, provoquant des râles de la part de Sinestro. « -Ryan, non ! » Cria Hal, en s'élançant vers lui. Il se jeta sur Ryan et les deux hommes s'écrasèrent lourdement au sol. Green Lantern avait amorti le choc de l'impact de la chute, en jouant le rôle d'un matelas pour Ryan qui lui asséna coup de poing sur coup de poing. « -Mêle-toi de tes affaires, Hal Jordan ! » Fit-il, en continuant de frapper au visage. Hal, blessé par sa chute, n'eut pas la force et ni la volonté de se protéger. « -Arrête, Ryan ! Supplia-t-il, les larmes coulant sur ses joues. Je ne veux pas te faire du mal ! Je ne veux pas me battre contre toi ! Tu n'es pas toi-même ! Alors, lutte contre sa possession Ryan ! » Mais Ryan n'écoutait pas et ne cessait de cogner, ses poings se poissant du sang de Green Lantern. Le jeune brun se résolut à une solution irréversible : Il ne pouvait laisser une créature avec un tel pouvoir constituer une menace pour l'Univers. L'anneau du jeune Gardien se révolta, le mettant en garde. « -J'ai pris ma décision. » Déclara Green Lantern, en pointant l'anneau sur Ryan qui se figea. « -Pardon, Ryan. » Murmura Hal, qui puisa dans les ultimes forces de son anneau. Une énergie formidable se libéra de l'anneau et emprisonna Ryan qui hurla et se débattit pour se dégager. En vain. La souffrance de Ryan fit mal au Green Lantern mais sa volonté ne faiblit pas. L'énergie verte se changea en filaments minuscules et s'enfonça dans le corps du blond dont les hurlements de douleur emplirent la caverne. Hal sentit la chaleur l'abandonner, chancela et s'affala à terre. Exténué. Ryan s'écroula, lui aussi, inconscient. Une chaleur douce et bienfaisante pénétra le corps du jeune blond qui rouvrit les yeux. La première chose qu'il vit fut Hal, en tenue de Green Lantern, alité sur le sol de la grotte et le visage livide tourné vers lui. Son cœur cessa de battre une seconde et un froid s'insinua en Ryan quand il remarqua l'absence de mouvements chez le brun. Il se redressa vivement et voulut courir vers Hal mais une main bienveillante le retint. « -Doucement, Ryan. Fit une voix, avec calme. Tu viens à peine de recouvrir tes forces. » C'était Mex. Le jeune blond aperçut d'autres Gardiens qui l'entouraient et qui regardaient vers Hal. Leur attitude réservé et indéchiffrable alerta Ryan qui se débattit pour se détacher de l'étreinte de Mex. « -Hal ! Cria-t-il, quand Mex le relâcha. Hal ! » Le mentor de Jordan souleva, avec respect et douceur, le corps inerte du Green Lantern dans ses bras et l'amena vers le jeune blond affolé. « -Ce n'est plus qu'une question d'heures. Annonça le mentor, en posant un regard dépourvu d'hostilité sur Ryan anéanti. Son énergie vitale est très faible. Hal te l'a donnée pour te sauver. Il l'a fait, volontairement et en toute connaissance de cause. » Des scènes où il frappait Hal revinrent au jeune blond dont des larmes de remords et de regret glissèrent sur ses joues. « - Pourquoi, Hal ? Murmura Ryan, en caressant les hématomes sur les traits du brun. Pourquoi as-tu fait ça ? Tu vaux bien plus que moi ! Je ne méritais pas un tel sacrifice de ta part ! » Le mentor intervint : « -Hal pensait le contraire, Ryan. L'anneau aussi, ainsi que moi-même et les immortels. Tu as su insuffler une volonté nouvelle en Hal. Tu es une personne bien. » Ryan se pencha alors au creux de l'oreille de l'inconscient et chuchota un mot. Un seul. Son prénom véritable. « -Partons. » Décida le mentor, en prenant son envol. Les autres Green Lantern, en silence, l'imitèrent. Mex prit Ryan dans ses bras et vola à la suite de ses compagnons. Le jeune blond enfouit son visage contre l'épaule de celui-ci et pleura. Fin. Epilogue : Ryan contempla Hal, à travers la vitre de la capsule de soin. Les Gardiens, sans trop d'espoir, y avaient placé leur ami et l'appareil maintenait le jeune brun en état comateux. « -Il est l'heure, Ryan. Fit celui qui fut le mentor du Terrien. Mex attend. » Le blond hocha de la tête. Avant de quitter la salle médicale, il murmura : « -Je serai là quand tu reviendras. » Le Gardien eut un sourire triste après le départ de Ryan : L'état de son protégé ne montrait aucun signe d'amélioration. Les Immortels avaient décidé de débrancher la capsule de soin. La nuit était fraiche. Ryan, allongé sur une chaise longue, observait le ciel noir et les nombreuses étoiles. Epuisé par ses nuits incessantes de veille sur la terrasse et ses entrainements, il finit par succomber au sommeil. Une étoile filante zébra le ciel nocturne. Une silhouette se posa sur le sol dallé de la terrasse de l'appartement d'Hal et se dirigea, sans bruit, vers l'endormi. « -Tu te crois invincible, Ryan ? Fit une voix, légèrement désapprobatrice. Le froid va finir par te filer une bonne pneumonie et ce sera mérité. » Le propriétaire de la voix emporta le jeune endormi dans ses bras et l'installa confortablement dans le lit. Il le recouvrit de la couette et s'asseyant sur le matelas, il le fixa longuement. « -Oui, je sais. Chuchota-t-il, à voix basse. Il a fait cela pour guetter mon retour. Mais il aurait pu prendre une couverture avec lui. » Après son monologue avec son anneau, il l'ôta et se glissant auprès de Ryan, il l'enlaça tendrement dans ses bras. Le matin touchait à sa fin quand Ryan se réveilla. Il constata qu'il était dans la chambre et s'extirpant du lit, il se rendit dans le salon. Un sourire heureux s'afficha lentement sur son visage à la vue d'Hal, en pyjama, sur la terrasse et un mug à la main. « -Hello, la marmotte ! » Fit Hal, avec un immense sourire. Ryan se jeta, avec fougue, dans les bras de son Green Lantern et mouilla le T-shirt de celui-ci de larmes. Emu, Hal lui caressa le dos et la nuque et lui murmura : « -Je suis là, mon amour. Ne pleure plus. Je t'aime, ma petite « flamme ». » Le baiser que les deux amoureux se partagèrent insuffla une chaleur délicieuse en Hal. Le jeune brun confia, d'une voix pleine de gratitude, se détachant de Ryan : « -Tu as ravivé l'infime partie de mon énergie vitale quand tu as prononcé ton véritable prénom. Merci. » Ryan eut un simple sourire en apprenant ce miracle dont il était l'auteur. Sourire qu'Hal trouva simplement beau. Fin. Reviews ? ","Summary":" « Drive » est un film qui m'a plu et m'a sauvé pour l'inspiration ! Je cherchais, pour « Green Lant"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"Dear Creda","Author":"JohnGilbertVampirehunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11955879","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead. Author's Note: Just like If only he knew this story is dedicated to a ten-year-old girl from my church who's birthday is today. This is a tie-in with If only he knew so you might want to read that first. \"Dear Creda. I know you will never read this but the grief counselor our parents made me go to encouraged me to as a way of coping so here it goes. Happy birthday. I can't believe it's your birthday already. It seems just yesterday that God took you home and today is just another reminder that you're gone. I admit after you're death I stopped going to youth group because I couldn't understand why God took you. Pastor Adamson has taken me under his wing and has tried to help me. Last month he encouraged me to go back and I said I'd think about it. I miss you little sister. Your brother Josh.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead Dear Creda. It's now been a year since God took you home. Mom, Dad, and I visited your grave today and laid some African Lilies there. It still hurts and I miss you a lot but pastor Adamson and my grief counselor has been helping. I put your picture in a frame and it's now hanging on the wall above my bed. On a happier note I did go back to youth group and I met a girl from another youth group at a Newsboys concert. Her name is Kara and she's nice. I'm considering asking her out. Your brother Josh. Author's Note: Because I wrote If only he knew last year and I didn't think about this story till a few weeks ago I wasn't able to post this chapter when it was actually a year since the ten-year-old from my church died but since I want this story to correlate with how many years the ten-year-old has been dead I posted this today.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead Dear Creda. Happy Birthday. I know there is no time in Heaven so you aren't even aware it's your birthday but I hope it's a good one. I have good news. I asked Kara out and she said yes. We had a great first date. It was almost Christmas so I waited till she came back from visiting her grandma before asking her out again and we went to the New Years Festival as our second date. After that her parents were worried that we were moving too fast so they suggested a break for January so we could pray about whether or not we should be together. Then in February I had dinner with her parents, which I think, went well and we had our third date in March. I really like her so I hope things work out.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead Dear Creda. I visited your grave with Dad, Mom and Kara today. Two years is not enough time. Your passing still hurts and I miss you a lot but Kara has helped and the knowledge that I will see again one day. Without that knowledge the pain of your passing would be unbearable. I look forward to that day. Your brother Josh[Chapter 5] Dear Creda. Happy Birthday. It's hard to believe you would have been thirteen years old today. Before sitting down to write this I was looking at pictures of you. You were so pretty at ten years old I bet if you were still alive you would be beautiful and would have to fight to keep the boys away. I would of course beat up any boy that would hurt you (what else are big brothers for). It's hard thinking of what could have been, at the same time it's also nice to think about. Sometimes I imagine what you would be like if you were still alive. I think you would still be a sweet girl with a heart of gold but now that you would be a teenager you would always have an attitude. I wonder if you would being doing a teen Bible study at church like I did or would you not want to because of you Autism. I also sometimes imagine what you are doing and in Heaven and sometimes I picture myself there with you. I wish I could talk to mom and dad about these things but they still find it hard to talk about you (especially mom). On the brighter side things are going really well with me and Kara. We've been going out only two year but I wonder if she is the one. Well that's all I have to say. Happy Birthday again little sister. Josh. A/N I decided that Creda had Autism because the ten year girl who this story is dedicated to had Autism and some of Josh's words are my thoughts.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead. Dear Creda. It's still hard to imagine you have been gone three years. I know you are in heaven so I feel like I shouldn't still be mourning like I am but I miss you so much. I see thirteen year old girls at church and wish you were there. I long for the day when I can look at pictures of you and only smile instead of smiling for a second and then feeling sad. The saying \"time heals all wounds\" keeps coming to my mind and I guess I just need more time to happen. My grief counselor, pastor Adamson and the leader of my youth group have been helpful and supportive. Kara has also still been a great help to me and has visited your grave with me many times (including today). When I really miss you I imagine you up in heaven smiling and running around playing. I guess that will have to do until the day I join you there. Until then, your brother Josh.[Chapter 7] Dear Creda, Happy birthday. You would have been fourteen years old today. I wonder if after turning thirteen you would have considered all your princess items childish and gotten rid of them or would you still be pretending to be one and make Dad play king and princess with you? Whatever you would have done I know you would still be the kind, funny and loving sister you were. Sometimes I can picture you in my mind here with me. Today you would be all excited and getting ready for your birthday party. You would have invited all your new friends from school (I know you would have had new friends) and your old friends as well. Maybe you would have joined a teen Bible study and had friends from their coming over. Mom would either make a princess cake or whatever thing you would have been interested in if you were alive. We would sing happy birthday to you and you would be smiling the biggest smile after you would have blown out all fourteen candles. We would give you presents (makeup would probably be one of the presents though I can't imagine Mom or Dad allowing you to wear any until your eighteen). It would be a fun day filled with laughter. Instead I hope it's still filled with laughter and that you are enjoying yourself in Heaven. Your brother Josh.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead. Author's Note: This chapter is dedicated to a twelve year old boy from my taekwondo class who died on September 29th of this year. Dear Creda. It's now been four years since God took you home. I still miss you and I still feel sad when I look at pictures of you and remember all the moments we had while you were still alive but it's getting better (It's harder to look at them today then any other day so if I look at any of them I look at the funny ones because those are easier to look at without feeling as sad). While I still don't understand why God had to take you so soon going to youth group has helped a little. I still don't know how to feel about the man who caused the accident that took you from us. We pass where the accident happened every time we visit your grave. On your birthday this year as we passed that place I couldn't help but wonder what these four years have been for him. Does he remember what he did with regret or has he lived his life as if it never happened. I know we're supposed to forgive but I'm struggling. On another note you should have a new friend in Heaven now. A twelve year boy named Gilbert from another church had joined our churches youth group this summer. He died on September 29th. I wasn't close to him but I liked him and knew enough about him to tell he was a great kid. I imagine you and him are probably running around Heaven together and having all sorts of fun. Mom and Dad have reached out several times to his parents, have tried to comfort them and shared with them their feelings over losing you. I wish I knew what God's reason is for taking both of you. Your brother Josh. Author's Note: Since Josh isn't a Martial Artist I had the twelve year old boy join his youth group instead. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own God's Not Dead. Author's Note: Just like If only he knew this story is dedi"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"Teacher's Pet","Author":"GazingAbyss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10766429","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Applause, slow and sarcastic and from a single source, came from above. The last of my fellow students had already left, and there was only one person I knew who could somehow put disdain into the sound of his hands clapping. Professor Radisson. Still tucking my laptop into my backpack, I looked up to where my supposed teacher was strolling through an upper level of the lecture hall, his fingers steepled. \"Lies, lies and more lies,\" he said, the corner of his lip twitching up. \"It's easy to dismiss what you don't understand,\" I replied, hoping against all hope that this time – maybe this one time – Radisson would actually listen to what I was saying instead of automatically rejecting without a moment's consideration. \"Or what you don't want to understand.\" \"There it is,\" Radisson smirked. \"The default setting of the Bible thumper. If only you'd open the Scripture and read,\" he mimed opening a book, a parody of a beatific smile on his face, \"then you would understand.\" If only he knew , I thought. As soon as I thought it, Radisson closed his hands with a snap – the same way he closed his mind. \"So says the brave young freshman. For thou art wise and with you, all wisdom shall die. Job twelve, verse two.\" I studied my shoes, the breath almost knocked out of me. God's words from Radisson's lips… The thought unsettled me, making my stomach flip-flop. \"What else does Job tell us?\" Radisson was asking before I could recover enough to respond. \"For man, who was born of woman, is few of days and full of trouble. He comes forth like a shadow and does not continue, so man lies down and does not rise until the heavens are no more.\" Radisson let out a dry laugh. \"Well, at least he got that part right.\" He cocked his head, studying me, I was sure, for any cracks in my armour. \"During your little statement, when you quoted Hawking and told me there was no need for my class,\" Radisson continued, peering at me intently, \"Did you have any idea how much I wanted to bend you over my desk and take you in front of the whole class?\" Radisson's tone hadn't changed, and his words hit my nervous system before my brain, sending a freezing jolt through my stomach half a second before my brain reeled. I stared up at Radisson, eyes wide, my mouth open in a slight gasp, replaying the last few moments over and over. He couldn't have said what I thought he'd said, meant the words that spilled from his lips – the same lips that had just quoted Scripture. \"No?\" he asked, raising an eyebrow as he sauntered down the steps toward me. \"No, I suppose something like that wouldn't occur to a good little altar boy.\" \"I, uh…\" I pulled on the zipper to my backpack, trying to yank it shut. In my hurry it bit into the fabric, stopping dead. \"I gotta go.\" With one final yank I managed to get the knapsack closed halfway. Good enough. \"So soon?\" Radisson smirked, going back to his default expression. \"And I was just starting to enjoy our repartee.\" I flung my bag over my shoulder. \"I really have to – \" Textbooks and binders and loose leaves of paper fell from my bag, scattering across the floor. Not thinking, I immediately knelt to gather my things. Radisson strolled by as I tried to shove a wad of my notes into my bag, leaving a clear footprint across a sheet of lined paper. Furious, I snapped my gaze up to him, only to notice what I was eye level to. Pausing to savour the moment, Radisson smirked down at me again. And then, just like that, he walked away, oblivious to – or ignoring – my eyes glaring into his back. He reached his desk and turned, leaning casually against it. I couldn't even look at the desk without thinking about… Without thinking about what Radisson had said. I trained my eyes downward, focussing on the task at hand, my face hot. \"So I guess you weren't going to give me a hand?\" I asked with more venom than I'd meant to. \"You blew any chance at help from me on day one,\" he answered, watching me. \"Besides, I thought you liked being on your knees.\" My hand fell across one of the philosophy textbooks I'd scrounged from the library, the same one Kara had caught me reading in preparation for my clash with Radisson. They'd spilled from my knapsack then, too, tipping her off to my extracurricular activity. \"Please tell me you haven't me spending all your time on that philosophy thing,\" she had pleaded with me. \"Not all of it.\" She hadn't been impressed. \"Okay,\" I had admitted. \"Most of it.\" Kara hadn't been able to accept that this was something I had to do. She couldn't accept that my faith was worth any risk. Instead, she'd told me to prioritize. \"Decide who's the most important person in your life,\" she'd demanded. \"Me, or Professor Radisson.\" I'd laughed then, but now, with Kara gone and Radisson smugly watching me from his desk, it didn't seem so funny. She'd warned me and I hadn't listened. A voice at the back of my mind wondered if this was what I'd deserved before I could push it away. Kara told me to make my choice and I'd chosen. Maybe I'd asked for this. Finally the floor was clear, all my books shoved into my bag and tamped down until I could close the zipper. This time I wouldn't be closing it halfway. I carefully slung the bag over my back, not taking any chances. I stood to leave, but before I could turn, Radisson was there, inches away. \"I need to – \" I started. \"I know,\" Radisson cut me off, and then his mouth was on mine. Shock slammed into me at the sensation of his tongue, pressing, probing, exploring. Like a speck of dust trapped in the suction of a vacuum cleaner, I was pulled forward, unable to fight. My mind went blank, my head reeled. Heat pounded through my body as my heart hammered against my ribs. Everything seemed to disappear. Everything except Radisson. With a start I realized the world was gone because my eyes were closed. They snapped open in a deer-in-headlights stare and I pushed away from Radisson, stumbling back a few steps. Radisson still watched me. His expression seemed changed and unchanged at the same time, now laced with satisfaction. My jaw hung open in shock. Without another word, without even bothering to close my mouth, I bolted from the lecture hall.[Chapter 2] My eyes burned like they wanted to escape my head. The sensation went away when I closed them, and it was so tempting to close them, but every time I did, I the scene played out again. Radisson, smirking, then leering, then… Lunging. I forced my eyes open again, ignoring the pain, studying the grain of the desk in front of me. I hadn't slept all night, and now everything looked like a bed. Even when I'd tried to make the best of a bad situation, using my sleeplessness to work on my case, the uneasy feeling refused to leave, looming over me like my impending academic suicide. Maybe Radisson will take pity on me after – I tried to push the thought away – last night? I doubted it. \"Mr. Wheaton?\" Radisson's voice broke into my reverie. I jumped, startled. His tone told me it hadn't been the first time he'd called my name. Dozens of pairs of eyes stared at me, but only his bored into me, still probing for any cracks in my faith. I shook myself again, trying to let my conviction in what I was about to do take over, like it had the other two times. No such luck. At the podium, I plugged in my laptop and started my presentation. \"The question of, uh, of evil,\" I started, my mouth dry. \"Or, to put it another way, why does evil exist? I mean, God made everything so he also made evil, and why he would do that is, um, a good question.\" From his perch near the back of the lecture theatre, Radisson leaned forward, arching one eyebrow. \"God made us. He made us so we could be evil. So that we could choose to be evil. I mean,\" I started again, wishing I could erase what I had just said with what I had meant to say. \"He made us so we could make the choice to be evil, or to be good. So we could have free will. Because we can't choose to be good unless we can also choose to be evil.\" Radisson steepled his fingers in front of him. I had done nothing wrong last night, I reminded myself, since I hadn't chosen what had happened, hadn't done anything, really. It had been so different when I kissed Kara. So much more... Pure. We shouldn't have given in to any temptation, we both knew that, but it hadn't been like everyone had said. I'd always been able to stop myself when I had to, even when Kara didn't have the restraint. I knew Kara was usually disappointed, but she had needed my guidance. I'd always felt so in control with her, like I could stop any time I wanted. But when Radisson had kissed me I lost my strength. My head had swum and the world spun into confusing chaos. I shook myself, promising I'd never have to go through that again. Whispers broke through my train of thought. The class. They were leaning over to each other, wondering what I was doing, frowning. I was losing them. Behind me, the unbelievably slick graphics and animations, the ones I had worked on all night, continued through my points, hitting the same beats I thought I'd be able to keep up with when I'd programmed them. The rest of my argument was a blur. By the end of the class, the effort it took to maintain focus felt monumental. But I made it. The scattered applause as I finished wasn't what I had hoped for, but it was the end, and at that point, it was good enough. I was done. I tried to pack up as quickly as I could, to leave with the first wave of students rushing to the next class. To get lost in the crush. To not have to come into contact with Radisson. I ducked beneath the podium to release my laptop's cable from the tangle of cords. My shaking hands somehow produced more knots, and it was a minute before I was free. There , I thought, trying to reassure myself. That didn't take that long . I stood to be confronted by an empty classroom. Empty, except for one man. \"What?\" I glared up at him, defiant. \"You want to tell me that you won? That you told me so?\" A disgusting thought passed through my mind. \"You want to tell me what you were thinking while I was up there?\" \"Get off your cross, altar boy,\" Radisson rolled his eyes. Clarity flashed through my mind. I knew Radisson was devious, but I hadn't see the true scope of it. \"You… You did that on purpose didn't you?\" \"Did what?\" he asked innocently. \"Kissing me,\" I spat. \"You knew that would distract me.\" At first, Radisson's expression was pure, blank confusion. Then, all at once, his face split with mirth and he threw his head back in laughter. \"Is that what you think? That I couldn't possibly express interest without an ulterior motive? Or maybe you think that I'd have to be irredeemably evil to want to do something like… that.\" \"Not to want to do it,\" I shot back. \"I have nothing against sinners, even if I hate the sin.\" \"The sin?\" Radisson repeated, his amusement melting into sympathy. \"They really did a number on you in Sunday school, didn't they?\" I steeled myself. \"You're just trying to confuse me.\" Radisson shook his head wistfully. \"Tell you what. I'll give you a chance at passing my class if you're willing to accept some… extracurriculars.\" \"What kind of extracurriculars?\" I narrowed my eyes. \"Nothing beyond discussing philosophy,\" Radisson raised his hands in mock defeat. \"We both know you're behind, and you don't have a chance of catching up. But let's say we talk about my favourite subject between classes, and I count it as an,\" he raised an eyebrow, \"Oral exam?\" \"Oh yeah?\" I challenged him. \"And what if I don't like where these conversations are going?\" Radisson shrugged. \"Your drop date isn't until the 22nd, correct? That gives us time for at least one private meeting. If you're still against it after that, you can drop the course. If not…\" He shrugged again. My pulse pounding, I squared my shoulders against the atheist. There was no risk talking to him, not when I was sure of my beliefs. If anything, I told myself, he was the one who should be nervous . \"Fine. When?\"[Chapter 3] I hadn't had any time to go out since I'd started school, but if I had, the Garden wouldn't have been my first choice. It was a far cry from the campus pub, with its inexpensive, greasy food and two-dollar shots – not that I drank shots, but I could appreciate a burger dripping with American cheese, surrounded by freedom fries. Not so much the fancy cuisine at the Garden. And yet, here I was. My heart sank as I took in the deep crimson of the silk tablecloths, the dark wood the tables were made from, the fountain behind the granite bar, cascading over a rough stone wall. \"Couldn't we have met in your office?\" I groaned. \"There's no way I can afford to eat here.\" \"Do you have any idea what a professor makes at a secular college, Mr. Wheaton?\" Radisson asked. \"No.\" Radisson grinned. \"Don't worry about it. Trust me.\" A waitress in a black cocktail dress that ended high above her knees beckoned us forward, two menus in her hand. \"There's a reason why I chose this place,\" Radisson added, motioning for me to go first. I slid into the corner booth, feeling self-conscious as the waitress draped a napkin across my legs. I definitely wasn't used to being served hand and foot. It wasn't a comfortable position, at least not for me. \"Thank you,\" Radisson nodded to the waitress as she arranged his napkin the same way as mine. She gave a pert nod in response. \"Can I start you off with drinks?\" \"A bottle of '85 Bordeaux,\" Radisson replied. \"And two glasses.\" \"Just water for me,\" I corrected. \"I'll be right back,\" the waitress giggled. I watched her leave, knowing whose order she'd pay attention to in pursuit of tips. \"I don't drink,\" I told Radisson. \"You'll enjoy this.\" \"Why are we here again?\" Radisson fixed me with an appraising stare. \"Have you ever heard the term Epicurean before?\" \"No,\" I shook my head. \"I thought not.\" Glancing down, he fiddled with his silverware, rearranging the utensils ever so slightly. \"Most people now think it refers to love of food – essentially making it synonymous with gourmand – but it's actually a school of philosophy started in ancient Greece by Epicurus.\" \"Let me guess,\" I rolled my eyes. \"Another atheist?\" \"He wasn't a Christian, if that's what you mean. He lived well before the birth of Christ, or at least,\" Radisson backpedalled, \"before your primitive superstitions say Christ existed.\" \"So, what, he believed in Zeus?\" \"Along with the rest of the Greek pantheon, although he didn't really worship them. Epicurus taught that we can't make assumptions about the nature of reality, and so the only thing he said humanity knew about the gods is that they were unknowable. Basically that they worked in mysterious ways,\" Radisson waved his fingers. \"Ah, here we are.\" The waitress had returned with a tray glittering with crystal. She placed one wine glass in front of Radisson and another in front of me before setting a decanter full of blood red wine between us. \"The '85 Bordeaux,\" she said, \"and 'just water',\" she finished, placing a sweating glass of ice water in front of me with a wink. I sighed internally. She thought she was being cute, but she had no idea how serious my situation was. \"Are we ready to order?\" she asked, directing the question to Radisson. She definitely knew where her tip was coming from. Radisson rattled off a list of dishes, half the words in French or some other language I didn't recognize. The waitress nodded, not even taking notes as I tried to follow the rapid-fire syllables. My head was spinning by the time it was over and the waitress was hustling away. \"Now, there's a reason Epicurus' name became associated with food,\" Radisson continued as if uninterrupted, picking up the decanter. To my surprise, he snatched up my wine glass first, filling it before I could protest and then moving on to his own glass. \"It's a little reductive, but there is a reason.\" He lifted his wine to the light, swirling it to paint the glass with a gloss of red that separated into thick tears and then slowly dripped back down into the bowl. \"Epicurus teaches us that the highest good is pleasure.\" Eyeing the wine suspiciously, I asked, \"Doesn't that make him a hedonist?\" \"One man's hedonism is another's contentment,\" Radisson shrugged. \"Epicureans stressed taking joy in simple pleasures, chief among those, friendship. That, and avoiding pain.\" He took a swift swig of his drink. \"Of course, enjoying the finer things doesn't hurt either. You may as well try it,\" Radisson added, nodding at my still-untouched glass. \"It's probably the most expensive wine you'll ever get a chance to taste.\" A rich aroma hit me as the waitress reappeared, expertly balancing four plates piled high with food on her arms. Again she set one in front of me and one in front of Radisson, but the other two went between us. \"This is way too much,\" I said as the waitress headed off once more. \"I beg to differ,\" Radisson shook his head, cutting into a thick steak. He took a bite and then a sip of wine, rolling both across his tongue. \"You really should try the Bordeaux. You don't know what you're missing.\" \"Thanks,\" I muttered, sinking deep into my seat. \"Quit moping, altar boy. How about a toast?\" He raised his glass. With a sigh, I did the same. \"In the words of Epicurus, it is impossible to live a pleasant life without living well.\" Our glasses touched with a pure chime, and Radisson shot me an evil grin. \"Now you have to drink. It's bad luck not to, after a toast, and I know how you like your superstitions.\" I took a hesitant sip of the thick, too-sweet liquid. This was going to be a long night. Hello to everyone who's been reading! Unfortunately, I'm going to have to put this story on hiatus for November, since NaNoWriMo is starting and I've got some silly bullshit to write about androids, existential crises, and Mickey Mouse. To everyone who's been enjoying this so far, hang tight, I do plan on coming back in December! -GazingAbyss[Chapter 4] The taste of cherries was still on my tongue as I trudged home. Since the restaurant was so far from campus – and my dorm – Radisson had offered me a ride, but the mouthful of wine I'd drank was making my brain sluggish and strange, and the cool night air had seemed like the perfect cure. Now though, I could feel my foot developing a blister, and the cap to the meal – cherries jubilee which had been brought, flaming, to the table – made the evening with my philosophy professor seem… Not good, but not so bad. Not so bad that it was worth this walk just to avoid making the night any longer. I sighed, glancing up from the pavement to see a house I recognized. In my slow-acting mind, it took a few seconds for thoughts to connect, and I was halfway down the block before I realized how close I was to Reverend Dave's church. I grinned, not even aware I was doing it. Reverend Dave would definitely be a welcome sight. I turned a corner, taking the detour to the comforting stone edifice of the church. As soon as I started to climb the steps to the entrance, I wondered if maybe this was a mistake. It was late, and I could always come back in the morning. No, not morning, I corrected myself, I had a philosophy class. The massive oak door in front of me was inviting, swinging inward with the gentlest of touches. Even if Reverend Dave wasn't around, the atmosphere would be comforting, and I needed a place to rest and right myself. I found a seat in a pew near the back and bowed my head, taking in the smell of incense mixed with wood, soaked into every inch of the church from thousands of services. I was so wrapped up in every feeling of the old building that I didn't notice that I wasn't alone. Not until the pew creaked beside me. I glanced over. Reverend Dave was sitting next to me, his hands clasped in front of him, his eyes raised, but looking past the cross above us. \"Restless night?\" Reverend Dave asked without looking over. I gave a snort of either laughter or frustration. \"You could say that.\" \"You want to talk about it?\" \"It's just… To try to salvage this semester, Professor Radisson said he'd… I don't know, tutor me, I guess.\" \"You don't sound too happy about that.\" \"Yeah,\" I nodded. \"It's not as bad as I thought it would be, but it's really weird.\" \"Weird,\" Dave repeated, trying out the word. \"That's not such a bad thing. Things can be weird if we've never tried them before, but sometimes something no one's tried before can save the world. I'm sure a lot of people thought Jesus was a little weird.\" \"It's not that, it's just…\" I trailed off. How could I explain the cacophony of feelings running through me, the mix of so many emotions that I wasn't sure I could identify even one? Every time I thought I'd pulled one from the bunch so I could think about it, I would find another thread connecting it to some other, new feeling. I was so confused. \"We went to this fancy restaurant,\" I started, trying to find a way to explain the strangeness to Dave. \"He gave me a glass of wine. I'm not sure I should've been drinking that.\" \"Jesus isn't against wine,\" Dave reminded me. \"He gave it to His apostles. But if it makes you uncomfortable, it isn't cool.\" \"That's not really it,\" I said. \"It just didn't seem appropriate. He wasn't really treating me like a student. I mean, he was and he wasn't, but – \" \"Maybe that's a good sign,\" Reverend Dave suggested. \"Maybe some barriers are breaking down between you, and maybe he'll be more accepting of your beliefs.\" \"But I'm not sure I want those barriers to break down. I mean, I know God wants me to be accepting,\" I tried, \"But I don't know if I can stand to be around Professor Radisson.\" \"I know where you're coming from,\" Dave said, putting an arm around my shoulders. \"A lot of people, they can feel like such a drain on you. But some of those people drain your energy because they need it. You have to look after yourself first, but if it helps you be strong, remember that Jesus hung out with lepers and Mary Magdalene.\" I smiled. The warm weight of Reverend Dave's arm wrapped around me like a comforting blanket, reassuring and restoring me. \"Thanks.\" \"Any time,\" Dave returned my smile. The weariness of the night seemed to wash away, and I sank into the pew as my muscles relaxed, leaning toward the form of Reverend Dave. My neck nestled into his shoulder, finding support in the bow of his arm. I was so relaxed I thought I could sleep right there, my eyes closing, my head finding a pillow on Dave's body. \"Hey,\" Dave grinned at me. \"How much wine have you had?\" I rubbed my eye. \"Only a glass.\" Reverend Dave considered me for a long moment, a slight smile on his lips. \"I think you'd better get to bed. Come on, I'll give you a ride home.\" For a moment, my spirits sank. The church, Reverend Dave, the presence of God – it was all so comforting. But Dave's offer of a ride, unlike Radisson's, was one I was glad to accept. Hello, all! Thanks for all the great reviews, it's nice to know you guys are enjoying yourselves as much as I am. As promised, I have ended my month-long hiatus for Novel Writing Month (with a grand total of 54K words) so expect weekly(ish) updates. Thanks for reading![Chapter 5] This time, I chose the venue for my tutoring session with Radisson. This time we weren't going to some fancy restaurant where I had no idea how to act. We weren't even leaving campus. I sat down at the cafeteria table with a paper cup full of coffee, digging my notebook out of my bag as I waited for Professor Radisson to show up. No food, just the drink. It sent a clear message – down to business. No sitting around savouring a meal. Just an academic discussion over coffee. I'd even managed to convince Radisson to let me pick the topic, I thought with some satisfaction as I flipped through my notes. \"Nietzsche? Really?\" he asked as he slid into the seat across from me. I looked up with a start to realize he also had a single coffee in his hand. He must have scoped me out as I was sitting down, getting almost the same thing. Or was I starting to judge as closely as he did? I grinned. \"I thought you would like it.\" \"Oh, I'm not opposed,\" Radisson shrugged, \"I just get the feeling you're only bringing it up in order to flog your favourite dead horse.\" Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour. Not that Radisson was my neighbour, but still. \"We'll get to that,\" I replied. \"Fair enough,\" Radisson smiled, apparently enjoying himself. He didn't make a move to continue – start, really – the discussion. I suffered under his smug gaze for a few moments before I finally said, \"Can we get started? I have a class in less than an hour.\" That was true. It was why I'd chosen this particular time for our meeting. It set a defined boundary on how much time we could spend together today, and how we could interact. \"Well then,\" Radisson maintained his smile. \"On to business. At his core, Nietzsche was an existentialist. A nihilist, if you want to get even more specific. If existentialism starts with the question, 'what is meaning in an apparently meaningless world?', nihilism answers by saying 'there is none'. Basically that all human life is meaningless in the grand scheme of things.\" \"How can you believe that?\" I asked, sickened at the idea. \"Are you that cynical?\" \"It's all a matter of perspective,\" Radisson shrugged, completely immune to my distress. \"Let's say, as a hypothetical, you're wrong. That there is no God, and we're all the product of billions of years of evolution. We're just the lucky moss covering a big rock as it hurtles through space. Not only that, but there are countless other rocks, and so much space between them that it would take thousands of years to get to another galaxy, even if we could go at the exact speed limit of the universe. Nothing any single human can do in their lifetime would ever offset the motions of the planets or have an effect on anything outside the limits of our own tiny solar system. That,\" Radisson raised an index finger, leaning into his statement, \"Is the essence of meaninglessness.\" \"But God is real,\" I replied. His words may have been impassioned, but he'd started them by pointing out the flaw in his own argument. \"But what if He wasn't?\" he asked impotently. \"But He is.\" He heaved a huge sigh in defeat. \"I know you think that,\" he pressed, fatigue creeping into his voice – were the flaws in his logic starting to wear on him? – \"And I'm not asking you to say He doesn't exist. I'm asking you to imagine, for one second, a universe where there isn't a God.\" \"So you're saying,\" I leaned forward, \"Without God, all human life is meaningless?\" \"This isn't about my philosophy, it's about Nietzsche's.\" \"But you agree with it,\" I pointed out. \"On parts, yes,\" Radisson snapped. \"If we're going to get into my philosophy, fine. Nietzsche, along with every other existential nihilist, was right that human life has no meaning from a completely objective perspective. But guess what, I have a subjective perspective, just like every other human, and I gotta say, my life has meaning to me. Happy?\" This was exactly what I wanted to hear. \"So you agree with Nietzsche?\" \"Yes,\" Radisson sighed. \"And you know he was a Nazi, right?\" Radisson's shoulders slumped. His face slackened as his eyes stared at me blankly. \"A Nazi? As in a member of the National Socialist Party that didn't exist until 1920, despite having died in 1900?\" \"Well, okay, maybe not literally, technically a Nazi,\" I argued, \"But they used a lot of his ideas.\" \"Actually, that's a common misconception,\" Radisson told me. \"The works the Nazis took as inspiration were highly edited, mostly by Nietzsche's sister, after his death. This was the same sister who he disowned after she married an anti-Semite.\" \"Wait,\" I paused. I hadn't expected the conversation to go this way. \"Really?\" At a nod from Radisson, I went on. \"Yeah, but there were ideas there that were easy for them to use,\" I pointed out. \"And you have to admit that a belief that life is meaningless would make it easier to justify hurting people.\" Radisson opened his mouth to respond, but it wasn't his voice that I heard say, \"Well, well, isn't this interesting.\" I glanced up to see Kara standing beside the table, hands on her hips, her expression unimpressed. \"What?\" she asked. \"Didn't get enough of him in class?\" \"Hold on a second, Kara,\" I pleaded, \"This isn't what it looks like!\" Radisson smiled innocently, leaning back in his plastic cafeteria chair to watch. \"Now I'm curious what this looks like.\" It looked like a student and a professor meeting. That was all. And that was all it was. \"I'm just getting tutoring,\" I told Kara. \"Just so I can catch up.\" \"After all that,\" she crossed her arms and smirked. \"After all that 'I choose God' stuff, Mr. Conviction ends up sucking up for points.\" \"Actually, Professor Radisson suggested it,\" I replied. \"He wanted to help me catch up.\" Kara glanced at Radisson with a frown. \"What can I say?\" he shrugged. \"That's just the kind of guy I am.\" \"Whatever,\" Kara rolled her eyes. \"I got class.\" With a flick of her long blond hair, she was flouncing her way between the cafeteria tables. We watched her leave, until Radisson slowly turned back to me. \"I choose God?\" he repeated with disbelief and a grin. I was already getting up. \"I gotta go after her.\" New life goal: Someday I swear I'll be able to spell Nietzsche on the first try without consulting a spell-checker or Google.[Chapter 6] \"Kara!\" I called as I raced through the cafeteria, almost tripping on a backpack, sidestepping it to almost run directly into a tray piled high with food. \"I don't want to talk to you,\" she tossed back over her shoulder. \"Kara, wait, I want to explain!\" Explain what, I wasn't sure. Like Kara had said, I'd made my choice. I couldn't be with someone who didn't respect that. And yet, here I was, having a friendly – in appearance, anyway – conversation with Professor Radisson. But that was only because of the choice I'd made to defend God. The choice I'd made between my faith and our relationship. Kara already knew that. Why did I feel a need to explain it all over again? \"Explain what?\" Kara whirled around, echoing my own thoughts. \"Are you going to explain to me why standing up for your beliefs was more important to you than I was a few days ago, but now it's not important at all? Or maybe you're gonna explain why you're more interested in spending time with Professor Radisson than me.\" Her words stung, and I flinched from their venom. \"It's not like that,\" I told her. \"I've been given another chance. Radisson, he – he's not as unreasonable as I thought.\" Kara's eyes lit up and then darkened again as I spoke. \"I think I can help him see the light.\" Kara shook her head, sending blond curls bouncing around her face. \"Why is this suddenly so important to you? Since when have you been such a crusader?\" \"Everyone who accepts Jesus Christ as their saviour should be a crusader,\" I said with a frown. \"It's our duty to help bring as much of our fellow man to Christ's glory as we can.\" \"So this is, what, your new project?\" Kara crossed her arms and scoffed. \"It's not a project,\" I protested, \"It's just who I am.\" \"Oh, so that's it then,\" Kara rolled her eyes. \"It's all about your needs again.\" \"Not mine,\" I shook my head. \"God's.\" With a scoff, Kara stepped back. \"Fine then.\" \"Fine.\" Neither of us made a move to leave. \"That's just great, Josh. Good for you.\" I shrugged, giving her the last words. She wasn't satisfied with that. \"I really hope, when you're having your little talks with Professor Radisson, you really feel as much better than everyone else as you think you are. You're such a saint, you deserve it.\" \"Thanks,\" I muttered. I wanted to tell her how wrong she was, but more than that, I wanted this conversation to end. Kara's fickleness, her reluctance to stand by my faith had killed the feelings I'd had left over for her to the point that I didn't even want to be around her anymore. \"I'm sure you two'll be really happy together,\" Kara snorted. \"I'm sure we will,\" I shot back. With a sigh, Kara finally left, storming out of the cafeteria. I echoed her sigh, the tension leaving my shoulders. There wasn't much time left before I had to go to class, but I turned around anyway to return to the table where I'd left Radisson – and found myself face-to-face with my philosophy professor. \"Well,\" he smirked. \"That got a little ugly. Can't say I've ever seen a faith-based break-up before.\" \"We broke up a week ago,\" I corrected him. \"So today was only burning the bridge you already crossed?\" Radisson raised an eyebrow. I was going to contradict him, but decided against it. He wasn't wrong here. \"Looks like it. Can we not talk about this?\" Radisson shrugged. \"Fair enough. But I think next time we should meet somewhere where we aren't going to be… Interrupted.\" \"Fine,\" I said, feeling like I was talking to Kara again. One word answers, just to get it over with. \"And I think I like this little back-and-forth. I pick a topic, you pick a topic…\" he mused. \"That would make it my turn next.\" \"Alright.\" \"Perfect,\" Radisson grinned. \"I already have something in mind.\" Has anyone else noticed that the description of this story calls Radisson Rattigan? I was too lazy to try and change the spelling of that, so instead, please replace Kevin Sorbo in your mind with a talking rat who sounds like Vincent Price.[Chapter 7] \"Where are we going?\" I asked, as I popped open the door to Professor Radisson's car. The sleek vehicle had just driven up to the public park that I thought was supposed to be the site of our session. Apparently it was just our meeting place before we went somewhere else. \"I've got something to show you,\" Radisson said casually as I buckled myself in and he peeled away from the curb, heedless of the small children bouncing a ball on the sidewalk nearby. \"You're gonna love it.\" He flashed me a smirk. \"Trust me.\" Not much chance of that happening, but it looked like I was along for the ride. For now, at least. \"So, what are we talking about today?\" I asked as Radisson zoomed down residential streets. \"I thought we'd talk about Diogenes,\" he replied. \"You know, since I'm such a cynic.\" \"And I'm guessing Diogenes was a huge cynic too.\" \"The original cynic.\" He considered that for a moment. \"Well, actually that would be Antisthenes, but Diogenes was the first to take the philosophy to its logical conclusion.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Great.\" \"You might actually like it more than you think,\" Radisson told me as he took a sharp left. \"The original use of the word cynic, or cynicism, is nothing like the modern term. Ancient Greek cynics believed that the only way to live a happy life was to be totally virtuous, which to the Greeks meant to live in accordance with nature.\" \"So, what, they lived off the land?\" \"Some of them,\" Radisson nodded. \"They preached self-sufficiency. Not to mention asceticism - they didn't own anything that didn't have value in nature. No money, no property, just the basics they needed to survive. Of course, Diogenes himself practised that lifestyle by living on the streets and begging for food.\" Did Radisson admire Diogenes? Radisson, who enjoyed expensive wine and sumptuous meals and fast cars? I would never have thought he'd agree with that kind of belief system - which would have put us on common ground, for once. \"That doesn't seem like a great philosophy,\" I observed, wondering where this conversation could be going. \"I mean, aside from the fact that it sounds like Diogenes was just lazy, how many people can do something like that before nothing works anymore?\" Radisson chuckled. \"What?\" \"Sorry. It's just weird to hear you independently come up with a utilitarian argument. Anyways, Diogenes' lifestyle may have been extreme,\" he shrugged, \"But he did it to call attention to the parts of society he considered unnatural. Which would have been all of it.\" \"All of it?\" I repeated. \"What, was he an anarchist or something?\" \"First of all, anarchism isn't what you think it is,\" Radisson raised a finger to count off his arguments. \"But that's a long tangent. Second of all, Diogenes thought, quite correctly, that, as animals, things like law and manners don't come naturally to us, no matter how much we may take them for granted.\" \"We aren't animals,\" I protested. \"I assure you, I am,\" Radisson replied with a wolfish grin, his voice lowering into an almost-growl. \"Well I'm not.\" \"Then where would you classify yourself in the tree of life?\" he asked. \"Plantae? Fungi? Perhaps you think of yourself as a particularly talkative, ambulatory species of bacteria?\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Basic biology. Not that it matters,\" Radisson shrugged, guiding the car into an underground garage below an apartment complex. \"The point is, Diogenes lived like an animal in order to illustrate what he saw as the true state of mankind.\" Now was my chance. I saw a crack I could probe into. \"And if you think of yourself as an animal,\" I argued, \"Isn't it hypocritical not to do the same?\" Professor Radisson slid into the parking space and shut down the purring engine, taking the key from the ignition. \"What can I say?\" he asked. \"I like my creature comforts.\" He started to get out of the car. \"Wait, where are we?\" I asked, hurriedly getting out and chasing after him between the rows of parked cars, most quite a bit older, cheaper, or beat-up than Radisson's. Radisson pulled open a glass door that led to two elevators, holding it open for me. \"We're going to an apartment I use for work,\" he explained. \"An apartment?\" I repeated, my mind searching for an explanation. \"But… Does your wife know about this?\" Following behind me and then hitting the call button for the elevator, Professor Radisson shot me an amused look. \"Of course,\" he said. \"In fact, she insisted. She thought it would be safer if I didn't have to drive all the way home when I have to spend a late night marking.\" \"Oh.\" \"That, and we've found it's better for our marriage if I don't…\" he searched for the appropriate words for a few seconds, \"Take work home with me.\" \"Alright.\" That seemed like a good enough explanation. And I was already riding in the elevator, up to the thirteenth floor. And, even if I made a hasty excuse and left, I didn't think I could antagonize Professor Radisson more than I already had in the past few weeks. If things got weird, I could always leave, I reassured myself, talking myself into following Radisson down the hall. \"What -\" I started, and then cleared my throat, steeling myself to strengthen my voice. \"What did you want to show me?\" I finally asked as Radisson turned the key, unlocking the apartment. He merely grinned, and pushed the door open. It swung inward to reveal a small room filled with cheap furniture that had probably been obtained by the side of the road, if the stuffing erupting from part of the sofa was any indication. In the middle of it all, sitting on a scuffed, bland Ikea coffee table, was a massive, ancient looking tome. \"Is that what I think it is?\" I asked, stepping forward almost in a daze. \"Indeed it is,\" Radisson nodded. \"But, how?\" I sputtered. \"Why?\" \"Because I can,\" Radisson shrugged. \"My privileges as a tenured Professor allow me to check it out of the university library. And I thought you'd get a kick out of it.\" The school's copy of the Gutenberg Bible. A copy of the holy word that had been read for centuries, to thousands, maybe millions of people - and the perfect first use of the printing press. \"This is amazing,\" I breathed. \"Of course, this isn't one of the complete ones,\" Radisson shrugged again, oblivious to the gravity of the artifact, not to mention my complete and utter awe at it. \"There aren't too many of those around. But it's still a fairly significant historical relic.\" \"How can you talk about it like that?\" I demanded. \"Even if you don't believe it, this book changed the world.\" \"The ideas in it might have,\" he admitted. \"But in the end, a book is only ink and paper. That's all that one is,\" he pointed, \"Plus a few centuries of accumulated dust.\" \"It's not just ink and paper,\" I shot back, my voice rising. \"Nothing is ever just ink and paper. You think we're animals? We're not, and this proves it. Animals can't pass knowledge down, they can't speak to each other from centuries in the past. Ink and paper aren't just ink and paper, they're a way to preserve your thoughts. Ink and paper are powerful.\" \"I'm glad you said that,\" Radisson cocked his head, \"Because I've got something else to show you. More ink and paper.\" He wandered away, into the unlit hallway leading to the rest of the apartment. I heard a door creak as I followed him, but no lights came on. \"Professor Radisson?\" I called as I felt my way along the walls. \"Where are you?\" \"Straight ahead,\" came the response. \"Just keep going.\" The light from the living room was undetectable behind me now, and I was in complete darkness. My fingers brushed against the projection of a door frame, and I stumbled through. There was a flash of light as an incandescent bulb came on, the click of a switch behind me. I blinked, nearly blind, and then gasped.[Chapter 8] The room was barely bigger than a closet, the only furniture in it a mattress sitting on top of a box-spring. There were sheets and blankets, but no bed. A bare bulb dangled from the ceiling. But the spareness of the apparent bedroom wasn't the shocking part. The walls were covered in sheets of lined paper, all proclaiming the same three words - God is dead. Some papers screamed it in chunky block letters, some whispered in all lower-case, some had the loopy airiness of female writing, and a few were scrawled in chicken-scratch nearly too incomprehensible to decipher. Every space was covered in some version of Radisson's favourite philosophical idea. Every space except one. A clear spot in the wall, revealing dented, unpainted drywall, hovered at eye level above the head of the bed. In my bewilderment, it was the one thing I could focus on. \"Why is that space blank?\" I asked. Radisson let out a sinister chuckle. \"It's where I plan on hanging yours,\" he replied. I stepped forward, staring at the one space that didn't insult everything I stood for. \"God's not dead,\" I reaffirmed. \"I'm glad you said that,\" Radisson said from behind me. \"Because in this bedroom,\" he whispered in my ear, close enough that I could feel the heat of his breath, one hand wrapping around my upper arm, \"I am God.\" I whirled around to face him, defiant - and was met with a smug, self-assured smirk that told me my defiance was not only expected, but exciting. Radisson held up a small remote control in his hand and pressed a button. A pounding pulse, like a deafening heartbeat, filled the small room, making the thin drywall shudder. I jumped at the sound suddenly screaming into my ears. \"Don't worry,\" Radisson said in response to my distress. \"The whole apartment is soundproofed. No one will hear.\" You let me violate you, a voice crooned, surprisingly gentle, overtop a bubbling, humming counter-melody. I had heard some heavy rock music before, but this sounded like a machine-shop come to life. Radisson tossed the remote control behind him, into the hallway that led back to the rest of the apartment - and the exit - before flicking the door, letting it creak almost shut behind him as he stepped forward. He edged forward, and I sidestepped, slipping past to sneak between him and the door. \"I, I really gotta go,\" I stammered. \"I got school tomorrow, and this - I don't know what this is, and I just…\" The corners of Radisson's. mouth turned down. I'd expected him to put up a protest. Instead, he looked crestfallen. Help me, a three part harmony implored, before a single voice sang, I broke apart my insides. Looking at my professor, with his cynical outlook, I wondered if this was how he felt. Help me, I got no soul to sell. Everyone has a soul that can be saved. No matter what. Like a magnet had been turned on, I rushed forward, throwing my arms around Professor Radisson. Our lips found each others', and we devoured each others' heat like we'd spent the last few weeks freezing. Somehow, my hand was suddenly on the back of Radisson's head, pushing him down into me, my fingers twisting through his hair, as if by holding tighter, I could press us together into one being. At the same time, I felt five tickling trails of sensation where one of Radisson's hands snuck under my Newsboys t-shirt to trace the contour of my spine. A shiver ran up through me, and I stood up straighter and taller, pushing my pelvis hard against him. With a sudden need to feel my teacher and debate opponent's hands on my skin, I grabbed the hem of my t-shirt with both hands and rolled it up over my head, separating my lips from Radisson's for only a moment, only as long as the fabric was between our faces, no longer. I cast the bothersome garment away as soon as I could, feeling the smooth silk of Radisson's tie against my chest, running down my sternum. What I didn't feel was Radisson's fingers, as he bent his arms back to throw off his suit jacket and start to struggle out of his clothes. He stepped forward and I pushed back, pressing into him as hard as I could, but he kept us moving towards the bed. My calves hit the bare mattress, and I fell with a thump, lying sprawled in front of Radisson. The loosened red tie went up over his head, and he started on the top buttons on his shirt, the throbbing beat still pounding away. \"Come on,\" I moaned, craving the contact I'd never known I'd wanted, willing him to touch me again, to wrap himself around me. \"I always appreciate an eager pupil,\" Radisson grinned, undoing the last button and moving on to his belt, letting the shirt drape open. A voice at the back of my mind told me I needed to stop. To get out of here. To get away from the temptation that should not have been a temptation. That voice was so easy to ignore. With Kara it had been a conscious choice to keep going, but now it was a conscious choice to stop. It was a choice that should have been easy, but, like the dilemma between climbing out of warm sheets or hitting the snooze button, it seemed impossible. Why was that? Why was every nerve of my body aching to feel Professor Radisson? How had he caused this deep burning need in me to devour - and be devoured? What had he done to me? Radisson was stepping out of his pants, crawling up onto the bed, one knee on either side of my sprawled legs. His hand went to my crotch, barely brushing me with a teasing gesture. My hips thrust forward in a spasm I was powerless to stop, his experienced fingers controlling my movement as deftly as if he were pulling a string on a marionette. \"Very eager,\" he purred approvingly. The gentle touch suddenly disappearing, Radisson whipped my zipper down, undoing my fly, before grabbing me by the waist with both hands and flipping me over beneath him. I didn't know what was happening until I found the mattress directly in front of my face, and then, just as quickly, ripped away as Radisson yanked me to my knees. A wall of heat, his chest, hit my bare back. I felt his lips on my ear, warm and wet, and then the quick nip of teeth. Arching my back, I tilted my head, giving him easier access, and was rewarded with an amused chuckle. The heel of Radisson's hand scored its way down my abs, like I was dough to be kneaded, and into my jeans. The loosened pants fell, just a few inches, exposing my boxers. Exposing how I felt. Despite that, or maybe because of it - or probably because of the feeling in my loins, the feeling being stoked and commanded by my Professor's hand - I pressed myself back in Radisson as hard as I could, willing him to enfold me in his arms, to cling to me as tightly as he could. As if he knew exactly what I wanted, his other hand wrapped around my chest, gripping one of my shoulders while his mouth found the other. Both on our knees, we sat straight up, entwined. I swallowed hard, my throat letting out a low moan I had never before heard from myself. Radisson's hand rolled down my boxers. The cool air of the room raised goosebumps, and I shivered, but not in discomfort. Behind me I felt probing, and then I gave way, sensation flooding into me, filling me, leaving no room for anything else, let alone conscious thought. Through half-lidded eyes, I stared at the empty space on the wall in front of me. Pleasure washed over me in waves, each one stronger than the last, pulsing in time with the music. God's not dead, I thought. You get me closer to God, the singer said. \"Oh, God,\" I moaned. To the anonymous reviewer who requested a little smut in their teen-rated God's Not Dead fanfic: I like your style! I hope you enjoyed. Yours truly, The Abyss that Gazes Also Into You[Chapter 9] My eyes fluttered open. At the core of my being sat an exhaustion - not that I was weary or anything negative like that. But I was tired in a way that was happy and grateful and warm. I also had to go to the bathroom. Carefully, I picked up Radisson's arm from where it was slung across my waist, placing it next to my professor's chest. His hand curled up in response, and he shrank a little away from me in his sleep. Watching him curl up into himself, childishly defensive, I melted a little. My feet touched the bare wood floor, and a shiver ran through me. The apartment was cold, so cold I was surprised I couldn't see my breath. I padded out of the bedroom and down the hall. In the dark I could see two closed doors. One of them had to be the bathroom. The other would probably be a closet, but at this point, I would take either. A closet might at least have a blanket or a sweater. Not wanting to awaken Radisson, I turned the knob and opened the door slowly, as quietly as possible. I liked the idea of knowing he lay asleep in the other room. I should have been uncomfortable, knowing what we'd just done. I should have been filled with disgust, for me and him. But I wasn't. What had happened between us felt good. It felt right. How could it feel so right if God didn't approve? Besides, God didn't intend for us to be perfect. He could forgive a few flaws, as long as I could recognize them. The open door revealed a square of pure blackness. I fumbled for a light switch, flicking it on. The blast of cold white light seared my eyes. Closet, not bathroom. Still, I wanted something to cover my bare chest, to keep me warm. But the only thing dangling from a hanger in the tiny closet was a suit made of clear plastic, with a hood in the back and a zipper up the front. Rubbing my arms for warmth, I crouched down to search the cardboard boxes lying on the floor of the closet. The first box I opened was filled with nothing but paper. Essays and tests from previous classes, I guessed. Some of the writing was really bad, I reflected, more of a scrawl than anything else. Flipping through, I resolved to be a little more careful in the future, to make the lives of my professors and teaching assistants a little easier. I certainly didn't need examples of what not to do to know that I shouldn't turn in anything spattered with dark brown stains. These couldn't be philosophy essays though. Or at least, not good ones. I wasn't reading closely, but a few contained wild pleas for help. Had Radisson taught a creative writing course in the past? I wondered. With a shrug, I closed that box and moved to the one underneath, dragging it across the floor to lie next to my knees before lifting the lid. My entire world disappeared in order to focus on the contents of the box. Pictures. So many pictures. Boys and girls, all my age, all slim and naked like me, lying on the bare mattress in the other room. All asleep. None of them could have known their pictures were being taken. I felt like I was prying, violating them. But then, these were all in Radisson's closet. He was the one who had done the original violating. I hoped he'd at least asked beforehand whether he could take the pictures. Casting a wary glance back at the bedroom, I hoped he hadn't taken any pictures of me. I was still sitting on the floor going through his closet though. There was no way to ask him about the pictures, or the people in them, not without revealing what I was doing. He couldn't still be seeing them - could he? Was that why he had this apartment? As I pored over the photos, the images changed, morphing like an obscene flipbook. It started with handcuffs and zip ties, then there were slashes of red and ribbons of dark membranes I never wanted to see. Radisson couldn't have taken these. How would he have these photos? He wasn't in any of them, so there was nothing really linking him to them, I told myself. It was clearly the same bedroom - they had to have been left by the apartment's previous owner, or some sort of sick joke. \"It's a shame you had to go snooping,\" Radisson's voice chided me from the bedroom door. 'But maybe it's my fault. Normally I'm not compelled to fall asleep with my… Pupils.\" I jumped, practically throwing the photos from my hand as I scuttled back from the evil box. My feet feeling like foreign objects, I struggled to stand. \"Wh-what are - Why do you -\" I stammered. \"What the heck are these?\" \"Really?\" Radisson cocked his head, stepping forward deliberately. I noticed he was dressed - how long had he known I was awake? \"You see that and you still can't bring yourself to swear?\" He shook his head and chuckled. \"You really are pure, aren't you?\" I didn't feel pure. Not anymore. But I wasn't concerned with myself right now. \"Who are all those people? In the pictures? Are they - \" I left the question unfinished, hanging in the air between us. \"What do you think?\" \"Oh, God,\" I gasped, finally grasping what was going on. \"Oh, Jesus, no.\" \"I asked them all,\" Radisson continued conversationally, all the time edging toward me, backing me up against the wall, \"Whether they thought they were going to Heaven, and whether Heaven was better than life on Earth. And what did you think they said?\" he asked, slipping back into the role of teacher, quizzing me. \"Well?\" \"They should've said,\" I gulped, my lungs burning even as I took rapid breaths, \"They should've said that Jesus accepts everyone who accepts Him as their Lord and Saviour.\" Radisson's grin widened. \"And?\" he prompted. \"And this life doesn't compare to the joy you experience from being close to God.\" \"That's pretty much what they said,\" Radisson nodded. \"So, that leaves us with an interesting philosophical conundrum. Do you think I did them a favour?\" \"What?\" \"Well, they seemed pretty sure of their chances of getting past Saint Peter. And now they don't have to worry about their crushing student loan debts, so there's that.\" \"Is this a joke?\" I asked. \"Did you make those pictures just to give me some philosophy problem that you think will stump me?\" \"It's not a joke.\" \"Then this is a nightmare, or, or, or something, I don't know. This can't be happening.\" \"This is happening,\" Radisson told me sternly. \"Accept it. And answer my question.\" \"Or what? Are you gonna kill me if I give the wrong answer?\" I shoved Radisson back, finding anger within me that I didn't know I was capable of. All this - every time we'd spoken outside of class, the connection I'd felt with Radisson, the need for his touch - it had all been a lie, just so he could feel like he'd won. Just so he could have me at his mercy and pretend that made him right. \"Are you doing this to, what? To hear me say it? God's still not dead, and it doesn't matter if I say it, because that's never gonna change.\" Radisson gave a low, throaty chuckle that sent a shiver up my spine. For a fraction of a second I wasn't sure if I enjoyed the feeling. \"You really are so pure. But say the words, and I'll leave. You can atone for it later.\" I narrowed my eyes. \"No.\" \"It's just three words,\" Radisson growled. \"And I thought God forgives all?\" \"I'm not saying it.\" Something changed in Radisson's posture, something quick and imperceptible - maybe he'd tensed, maybe a fold had altered itself in his suit. Whatever it was, something in my brain told me, Run . I threw myself to my right, away from the bedroom, just as Radisson lunged. I fell to the floor, clumsy and off-kilter. Radisson let out that low, mocking chuckle I knew so well. \"Someone's jumpy,\" he commented. Scrambling to my feet, I fled to the living room. The door was just a few feet to my right. My escape was right there. At least, I thought it was, until I tried the knob. Locked. And not with a dead-bolt or a chain or any of the standard locks you see in an apartment. There was a keyhole here for a key I didn't have, set in thick shiny metal, surrounded by the grimy paint of the door. I gave the door another shake out of sheer desperation, considering an attempt to break it down. What else could I do? \"Oh dear,\" Radisson tut-tutted from behind me. \"What now?\" Wild-eyed, I whipped my gaze back to the professor, asking myself the same question. How else could I get out of the apartment? How could I defend myself? Behind Radisson was the Gutenberg Bible - not of much use. Behind that was the kitchen. Feeling more exposed than I ever had in my life, I leapt onto the garage sale sofa, racing across it, ignoring the spring that poked my foot. I hopped off on the other side, sailing into the kitchen, slapping my hand into the wall to flick the light on. Darkness was Radisson's ally, not mine. In the light, it only took me a second to locate a set of knives. I grabbed the biggest handle and yanked it out of the holder, turning to brandish it in front of me. Radisson glared at me from the kitchen doorway. His hair, mussed and matted, nearly obscured his right eye. Now that I knew what he was, he looked truly deranged. \"It really was a shame that you had to snoop,\" he chided again. \"As I said, I don't normally sleep with my… Well, let's just say I haven't been planning to kill you for quite some time. Who knows?\" he shrugged, edging forward as if I wasn't pointing a blade at him. \"Maybe you would've been the one to finally change my mind.\" \"Stay back,\" I warned him, cutting the air a few more times with the weapon in punctuation. \"Don't come any closer.\" \"No,\" he sighed. \"I suppose not. A shame.\" Without another word, he turned and strode out of the room. After a second, I heard the lock click and the door swing open and then fall shut with a heavy thud. I held the knife out in front of me like a talisman and watched the kitchen doorway for a very long time. And then I did what I had to do before I called 911.[Chapter 10] \"You can't just barge in here.\" \"What happened? Let me through.\" \"Miss, we are conducting an investigation - \" \"He's my boyfriend!\" Kara's voice broke through the phalanx of uniformed cops at the door of the hospital room just before she did. \"Josh?\" she cried as a police officer held her back. \"Josh, are you alright?\" \"You can let her in,\" the detective who'd interviewed me, Detective Braddock, commented almost offhandedly. Barely noticing as she was released, Kara raced to the side of my bed, kneeling next to me, clasping my hand. \"Josh, what happened?\" she pleaded. \"I heard Radisson attacked you.\" \"Yeah, he, uh,\" I shrank back a little at the thought of lying to Kara - not to mention the police - \"He drugged me and brought me to this apartment.\" \"Speaking of, Nurse?\" Detective Braddock snapped his fingers to get the attention of a woman in scrubs walking by, as if he was calling over a waiter. \"Can we get a blood test over here?\" The nurse nodded, smiling tightly. \"Right away.\" I'd expected that. It surprised me, how clear everything had become once Radisson had revealed his true colours. I knew exactly what I'd have to do. Radisson had had drugs at his disposal, and I figured I only needed a little. They would have just been wearing off when I called 911, after all. I must have been miscalculating the effects though, because by the time EMS had shown up, I felt like I needed them. My ability to lie had scared me a little, but it was all for the greater good. I didn't see why my life had to be ruined because Radisson had tricked me. \"What is this? What's going on?\" This voice belonged to a slender middle-aged man who was confronting the officers just outside the room. Next to him was another man, one who watched the proceedings with a calculating eye. \"My client has a vested interest in these investigations,\" he explained firmly. \"Who the hell are you?\" Detective Braddock called to them. \"I'm, uh, I'm Dean Stanfield,\" the first man said, unsteadily stepping forward through the cops like it was a thick patch of brambles. The man beside him slipped through like he'd done so a million times. Dean Stanfield held out his hand. \"What's going on here, officer, or, uh, detective, uh...\" \"Detective Braddock,\" the detective gruffly introduced himself. \"And what we got here is one of your professors attacking a student.\" \"Oh, uh - \" \"As the head of the University's legal team,\" the other man stepped forward, \"Let me just say that you have our full and complete cooperation in any investigation.\" \"I'm glad you said that,\" the detective's eyes narrowed, \"Because this is gonna be a long investigation. There's enough evidence at that crime scene to prove that your Professor Radisson was a serial killer.\" Both Dean Stanfield and his lawyer gasped. \"I should have known,\" Stanfield said. \"He was, after all,\" both the dean and the detective looked directly into the camera, completely shattering the fourth wall, \"An atheist.\" As the three men kept talking, hashing out details and passing contact information back and forth, Kara enveloped my hand in hers. I didn't really want to feel anyone's touch right now, but Kara's should have been comforting. Maybe her warmth would make me go back to feeling normal soon. \"Don't worry, Josh,\" she told me, her blue eyes wide. \"I'm here now. Everything is going to be okay.\" Sorry for the abrupt ending, but I am so over this terrible, terrible movie, and I hate to leave a story unfinished, so I had to cap it somehow. But hey, at least we all got to enjoy a passable sex scene a few chapters ago! If you wanna tell me off (or if you actually enjoyed it!) let me know via review, or you can find me on twitter under the handle SeaLenz. Thanks for reading my mind drippings :P ","Summary":" Applause, slow and sarcastic and from a single source, came from above. The last of my fellow stude"},{"Movie":"God's Not Dead","Title":"God's Not Dead: Peer Pressure","Author":"Heaven's Wordsmith","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12031333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blue held her lunch tray, filled with food ready to be consumed, close and walked to the lunch table her friends had claimed as their own. Avery M. Woodson Middle School's cafeteria was a decent size with a long cafeteria line at stretched from the stairs that led to the second story to the entrance to the cafeteria itself. Blu hated waiting in that line and was glad she was out. She hurried to her friends who waited for her. She saw them sitting together; Hannah, a girl with dark brown hair with green eyes that sparkled whenever she spoke about the things she loved, was deep in conversation with Carly, a blond girl with big intelligent brown eyes that seemed to question everything that didn't seem logical or scientific. Blue took her seat next to Hannah who was ranting about how the last basketball game went. \"I cannot believe Sarah Shaw actually forgot which goal to run to! I just want to know how she even got on A-team, I mean that's a mistake that only little kids make and it cost us the game!\" Hannah went on. Blue chuckled as she opened her milk. \"What are you laughing about?\" Her sportsy friend turned a scowling gaze to her. Blue simply smiled. \"It's only one game,\" She explained. \"Sarah can learn from her mistakes and find a way to get better. I thought the coaches always told y'all not to focus on the last game, but on the next game? Shouldn't you keep your eyes on the present instead of the past?\" \"Oh yes, oh wise, all-knowing Blue,\" Carly joked. \"Of course, keep spouting your wisdom.\" Hannah grunted and sighed aggressively. \"But you get how I feel don't you?\" \"I understand that you're angry, but you shouldn't release your anger by badmouthing Sarah. She obviously didn't realize what she was doing when she made the mistake and it was just that, a mistake. Forgive her and forget about it. I think it would be best for your whole team.\" Blue took a bite of her cheeseburger. \"And as for wise and all-knowing, I am not all-knowing and whatever wisdom I speak is from God.\" \"Every time, every time,\" Carly laughed. Hannah took and deep breath and let it all out. \"Alright, it's forgiven and forgotten, Miss Jesus Freak.\" Hannah joked. \"That's good, now you won't waste your time being angry,\" Blue chuckled. \"Is that new?\" Carly asked, pointing at the buttons on the beanie that rested on Blue's head, covering most of her fiery red hair. \"You mean the pink one?\" Blue asked. \"Yeah, what exactly is that?\" Carly pondered. \"It's from Maplestory, you know, that game that I play? It's one of the character's symbols and yeah, it's new.\" Blue answered. There were five buttons in total on her black beanie. Two of them had band logos; one with Skillet's logo, the other with RED's. One had a heart and in the center of the heart was written \"John 3:16.\" The last two were from games Blue played; one from Pirate101, decorated with the Swashbuckler class symbol, and the other from Maplestory, with Damien's symbol on it. \"Ok, then,\" Carly said. \"You're such a nerd, Blue.\" Hannah told her. Blue shrugged. \"I am who God made me.\" She told them and finished off her cheeseburger. \"I'm going to the library to read for a little.\" She said and stood, grabbing her lunch tray. \"I'll see you later!\" She emptied her tray, setting it aside for the lunch ladies and headed towards the library. Hey there! This is a story I've had in mind for a little while that I feel like everyone can connect with. Peer pressure is something we all face, and we all have to choose to either overcome it, or be subdued by it. This follows Blue, a total Jesus freak, and her choices when faced with peer pressure. The characters in this story are from my other story \"Walk By Faith,\" but there are many things that have been changed about them, or added to them. I really hope you enjoy and are blessed from the message of this story. God bless and thanks for reading![Chapter 2] Woodson Middle School's library was big enough that Blue could get lost in it, but small enough that she could easily find her way back. Blue ventured to a section of the library where cushioned chairs sat. She took a seat in one, setting her backpack down beside her. She reached down and pulled out her black Bible. She turned to the page she had marked and began to read silently. In the still, quietness of the library, she did not notice Matthew walk up behind her chair and when he whispered \"boo!\" Suddenly, she jumped a few inches off her chair. \"Matthew!\" She grunted. He chuckled. \"Didn't even see me coming,\" he smiled and took a seat in the chair beside hers. \"What're you reading?\" \"The Bible,\" Blue answered matter-of-factly. Matthew had shoulder-length red hair and deep navy blue eyes that glowed with an almost mischievous joy. He wore a band hoodie with Wolves At The Gate's logo. He cocked an eyebrow. \"What book in the Bible?\" The red head inquired. \"Luke,\" Blue answered. Matthew nodded. \"Ahh, I was reading Luke the other day and I came to the part where Jesus talks about carrying your cross and following Him.\" Matthew explained. \"And I find that part so fascinating, don't you?\" \"Mmm, a little bit,\" Blue admitted. \"I find it fascinating that discipleship comes with a cost.\" \"A hefty cost, if you ask me!\" Matthew agreed. \"You have to die to yourself and put Jesus and His Word before your own life! If you ask me, that's the ultimate price, but it is fair considering He gave His life for yours.\" \"Yeah, that is true,\" Blue nodded. She found it odd that he said \"yours\" instead of \"ours,\" but just assumed it stemmed from his awkwardness. \"I would give up everything for Him,\" Blue pledged. \"Really?\" Matthew asked. \"Even the companionship of your friends or love of your family if it came to it?\" Blue looked into his eyes curiously. \"Well, I think so,\" Blue said. \"I mean it would be hard, but if I know what's best, then I'll follow God.\" \"True, true,\" Matthew nodded. \"But if you look at it, truly there is nothing to lose and all to gain. If your friends and family rejected you for following Jesus and being honest with them, then at least you know you weren't living a people pleasing lie and you might have planted a seed of faith that God is eagerly awaiting to cultivate.\" He said wisely. This guy never ceases to amaze me, Blue thought. His wisdom is beyond his years and is so unlikely for his goofy character. She smiled to herself. That's why I love him like a brother. \"Anyways,\" he said. \"I'll see ya, later, sis. I got some more scaring to be done,\" he grinned evilly. \"It's one of my favorite parts of the day!\" Blue smiled as she watched him sneak farther into the library to go scare unexpecting victims. Blue loved how he referred to anyone who he knew followed Christ as \"sis\" or \"bro,\" it made being a Christian feel more like being a family. The bell rang and she gently shoved her Bible into her backpack and headed off to class.[Chapter 3] When Blue arrived in her fifth period class, she had to hold back a groan. Where usually sat at her messy desk, a substitute sat, reading lesson plans for the day. Blue sat in her seat reluctantly. I hate subs, she thought miserably. Didn't take long for the rest of the class to arrive and for class to get started. The bell rang and the substitute walked casually to the front of the room where he turned to face the class. \"Good afternoon, class. is away at a meeting downtown today, so I will be your substitute. My name is Mr. Johnston.\" He introduced himself. Oh no, Blue thought as she realized he had an accent. She laid her head down on her desk, knowing what could happen next with a class filled with immature high schoolers. \"Mrs. Wesley left us videos to watch for the class. They are over the history of the economy in our country and how the gas and oil industry has effected it through trading and making deals with foreign countries.\" He explained and went over to the desk. \"What did he say?\" Blue heard one of classmates that sat beside her whisper among their friends who were busy giggling. Blue rolled her eyes and sat up as the video began to play on the scream. It wasn't interesting in the least, but Blue payed attention because she knew that it would come back to haunt her if she didn't. She yawned and rested her cheek on her fist. She was thankful her history teacher hadn't left anything too complicated for her class to do while she was away. The first video ended quickly and the sub pulled up another video. \"Did I mention you'll have a quiz on this tomorrow? You should be taking notes.\" \"What?\" One of Blue's classmates shouted. \"Why didn't you tell us sooner?\" \"Excuse me,\" the sub stood up, offended at the outburst. \"You can still be taking notes even though you missed the first video.\" \"What did you say?\" Giggled one of the girls in the back. \"I can't understand you!\" \"Stop that!\" He commanded. \"Be quiet and watch the video.\" Blue sighed. It was going to be a long class period. Luckily for Blue, the rest of the day went by quickly. All she had left were classes she actually enjoyed; her electives. As school let out, she began her trek home, exiting the front of the school. \"Hey there,\" a voice greeted her. She turned to see Simon Smith walking by her left side. She blushed. Ever since junior high, Blue had a huge crush on Simon. She loved his style, he wore a lot of leather and black and his brown hair that hing loosely touching his shoulders and brown eyes that sparkled with mischief were so adorable to her. However, she knew he wasn't a Christian, so she never wanted to have an actual relationship with him. She'd tried telling him about Jesus before, but he never listened, or he pretended to listen and then moved the conversation on to a whole different topic. \"Hi,\" Blue said politely. \"What's a pretty thing like you doing walking all alone?\" He asked flirtatiously. Blue blushed even more. \"Umm, I walk alone everyday,\" she answered, feeling a little uncomfortable. She grabbed the straps of her backpack, something she always did when she felt nervous or uncomfortable. \"Hmm, that's a shame.\" He said. \"I guess I'll keep you company.\" \"O-ok,\" Blue said, nervously. She gulped. What is he doing? \"Hey, you wanna try something?\" He asked as they came to a stop sign and stopped. \"Huh?\" Blue asked. \"What do you mean?\" Jesus be with me. \"You're cool and have a certain beautiful swagger about you, Blue. You know that?\" \"Umm, thank you?\" \"So, I was wondering. You wanna smoke? I hear you're against it, but why should you be against something you never tried?\" He looked her in the eyes. \"What?\" She was shocked. Why would he even ask a question like that? \"I mean, you're judging a book by its cover. Doesn't the Bible tell you not to judge? Try it and then tell me that you're against it. Maybe then people will start respecting you more.\" He said. \"I have an entire pack right here,\" he held open his leather jacket and revealed a pocket on the inside that held a little box of cigarettes. Blue's jaw dropped. \"I-I can't do that,\" Blue looked up at him. \"That goes against everything I believe.\" \"Oh come on!\" He groaned. \"You're so stiff! Loosen up for once and enjoy yourself! Why don't you ever think for yourself?\" He grumbled. Blue looked away from him. \"I can't, Simon.\" Blue told him, unnerved. \"Are you sure?\" He pried. Blue looked at the pack again. Would he like me if I just smoked one? How bad could it really be? Just one won't hurt will it? I can't, it's wrong! Her mind went back and forth. She shook her head at last. \"I won't.\" \"Stupid Bible thumper,\" he spat. Simon scowled and walked away. Blue let out a long sighed of relief as she continued walking and came up to the bridge she passed everyday.[Chapter 4] Blue stopped on the bridge and peered out across the bayou down below. Even though it was a little trashy and unkempt, it was beautiful to Blue and she enjoyed the peace it brought. She stood there, thinking about Simon. She began to pray. Lord, I really care for Simon, but I know he doesn't believe in You. I really like him. I really want to see him turn to You. Father, I pray that Your Will be done. I pray that Simon turns to You and that You change him, if it is Your will. I thank You, Father, for bringing him to me. Even though he mocks me and tempts me, I still care for him. Please save him. It's in Jesus's name I pray. Amen. Blue sighed. Her soul felt completely at peace, completely still. She trusted God to do what was best, so she headed home. Blue plopped down on the outside porch in her backyard, Bible in hand. She flipped through and turned to Luke chapter 14 and read from verse 25; Now large crowds were going along with Him; and He turned and said to them, \"If anyone comes to Me and does not hate his own father and mother and wife and children and brothers and sisters, yes, and even his own life, he cannot be My disciple.\" Blue stopped. Isn't that what Matt was talking about earlier? She wondered, remembering their conversation in the library. What a coincidence. I wonder what the people of the time that Jesus said this thought about it. Did they take it literally? Maybe they did about the part saying \"hate his own father and mother,\" but I think it means that we need to love Jesus more than they. I understand what it means, I need to be prepare to do as Jesus says. Blue looked up at the sky, now stunning shades of red, orange, and pink as the sun inched closer to the edge of the world. Even if it means losing my friends. Verse Luke 14:25-27 NASB[Chapter 5] The next day, Blue sat next to Hannah in the early morning cafeteria. Hannah and Carly always seemed to arrive earlier than she, and she supposed that was because she spent 30 minutes of her morning in her Bible. She joined in the conversation, picking it up quickly. \"I miss the days when school didn't take up so much of my time,\" Carly complained. \"On top of homework and studying barely have any time for me!\" \"I know right? I miss the days when I actually could practice basketball on my own time.\" Hannah agreed. \"I think it's a blessing,\" Blue disagreed. \"I was never super busy anyways, so I was bored a lot when we weren't so busy, now I have things to do.\" \"Well, now, Saint Blue, not everyone can be like you,\" Carly said, rolling her eyes. Blue raised a brow. \"Seriously, why do you have to think everything is a blessing? Why do you always have to bring things back to God?\" Hannah frowned. \"Um,\" Blue was speechless. Where did this suddenly come from? Weren't her friends Christians too? \"I just remembered!\" Hannah interjected. \"My cousin is having a party this weekend while his parents are out of town. He says he's inviting a bunch of his guy friends told me I could bring a bunch of my friends. Do y'all want to go with me?\" \"Heck, yeah!\" Carly answered her. \"Umm, what will there be at the party?\" Blue asked cautiously. \"Saint Blue returns, why so soon?\" Hannah turned on Blue. \"Why don't you ever have fun, Blue? It's just a party. Sure there'll be a little drinking here and there, but what is it going to hurt? And so what, we're underaged? Yes, there's also going to be boys, but seriously, when will there not be? It's a party for crying out loud!\" \"Yeah, Blue, lighten up for once.\" Carly agreed, disgusted. Blue's jaw gaped open. She didn't know what to say. Why were they turning on her? Most of all, why were they so keen on jeopardizing their futures? Blue didn't have a clue and she was consumed by shock. \"You know what, Kayla? If you think you're better than us, then why don't you stop talking to us?\" Hannah said, agitated. \"W-what?\" \"Yeah, either go to the party, or stop hanging out with us,\" Carly joined in. \"But that's not-\" \"Fine, We'll give you time to think about it. By tomorrow morning, we want an answer. Until then, don't talk to us.\" Hannah told her. \"What? Why are you guys doing this?\" Blue asked, heartbroken. \"Because you're always so perfect, Blue. Either do something to prove you aren't or don't talk to us again. It's totally your choice.\" Carly answered her. The bell rang and her two friends left her, snickering as they headed to class. Blue just sat there, completely shocked. What just happened?[Chapter 6] Blue spent the rest of her day with her mind completely consumed by the events of the morning. What had gotten into her friends? Why had they been so mean? Was it jealousy? Were they just trying to cause her to stumble? Was this just a stupid spat that really wouldn't change anything, or if Blue told them she wouldn't go, would they really never talk to her again? She was worried that was the case. When lunch came around, she sat by herself. Her friends took a seat away from her and she felt sick to her stomach when she realized it. Her heart, slowly breaking, she skipped lunch and hurried to the library, barely able to keep her tears in. She found the place she'd sat yesterday and pulled out her Bible, flipping to Luke. She looked on the page she read yesterday and her face paled. God was speaking to me, it really wasn't a coincidence , she thought. I'm going to have to choose either to carry my cross or fall under the weight of it. I know if I fall, Jesus will be there to help me up, but if I carry the weight, then I'll be stronger. What should I do? She took a deep breathe, trying to push back the tears. I have a day to decide, I don't know if that will be long enough, but I know that God is with me and He'll help me make the right choice . She closed her eyes and bowed her head prayerfully. Father, I need You now. My friends are turning against me and I don't know what I'm going to do. I know I should follow You, but they're my best friends. Lord, please help me make the right choice and let Your Will be done, not mine. It's in Jesus' holy name I pray. Amen. She breathed again, opening her eyes. I have the rest of the day to think about it. I'll make the right choice. I have to.[Chapter 7] Blue had to put her conflicting thoughts aside for her grades' sake as she entered fifth period. She took a seat in her assigned spot and started getting ready. The bell rang quickly and everyone was seated and prepared. Mrs. Wesley, her teacher, was back and stood at the front of the room, ready to speak. Mrs. Wesley was a skinny, elderly woman with thick glasses and short silver hair and beady eyes that caught every movement in the room. \"I hope you took good notes yesterday,\" she began, her voice old and craggily. \"Your quiz is today.\" \"Miss, we didn't know we were supposed to take notes!\" One of her classmates blurted out. Blue looked at him. \"The sub didn't tell you?\" \"I mean he did tell us, but not until right before the last video,\" the student continued saying. That's not true, Blue thought. It was right after the first. \"Hmm,\" Mrs. Wesley's gaze turned to Blue. \"Is this true Kayla?\" Blue's face paled as every eye turned to her. No it's not, but if I tell the truth, then they'll hate me . She gulped and her stomach began to twist with nervousness. She opened her mouth to speak. \"No, it isn't.\" Blue answered finally. Her classmates gasped at her response and some even began to glare at her. She kept her eyes locked with Mrs. Wesley's. \"The sub told us after having already played the first video. He told us to take notes after that one, not the last one.\" \"Oh,\" Mrs. Wesley said. She turned her gaze back to the student who had lied, who didn't meet her eyes. \"Well, then. I expect 100% from everyone in this class, no excuses.\" The entire class groaned and Blue stared at her desk, her face burning. She was sure everyone was extremely mad at her, but she wasn't about to lie for them. As class ended and they filed out, Blue avoided her classmates' eyes, but that couldn't stop her from hearing their hateful comments and names they called her. \"Goody-goody\" \"Tattle tell\" \"Bible thumping Jesus freak\" \"selfish idiot, you caused us all to fail!\" She didn't let it phase her, however. She knew she did what's right and she had more to worry about than what her classmates thought of her. If I can call an entire class out on a lie to the teacher, then surely I can stand firm, right? I still have a big decision to make.[Chapter 8] Blue sat on her porch after school, her mind still at conflict. She was deep in thought and prayer. Her stomach still turned and twisted in nervousness and anxiety, but Holy Spirit kept calming the storm inside, assuring her everything would be ok. She breathed. \"Lord, this is really hard for me,\" she prayed, looking up at the sky. Dark clouds were beginning to roll in. She knew it would rain soon. \"I know You want me to stay away from this party, but I don't know if I can. I don't want to lose my best friends.\" What about me? Am I not your Best Friend? The Holy Spirit seemed to whisper in her soul and in her heart. \"You are my Best Friend, Lord, but-\" Then you have everything you need, I will never leave you. Blue stopped. She looked up at the sky again. Her eyes began to tear up. \"I know You won't, Jesus. You are my only true friend. You are everything I need and want. Forgive me for not seeing this before.\" Blue awoke the next morning, well rested. She sat up, wondering why no one had waken since she obviously slept in. She stood and headed downstairs to find her mom and dad standing in the kitchen. \"No school today, sweetie,\" her mother informed her. \"Seriously?\" Blue asked through a yawn. \"Some parts of the district flooded with last night's storm, so they cancelled school.\" Her mother explained farther. \"No work either,\" her dad added. \"It's flooded at your mother's office.\" \"Wow,\" Blue walked over to a nearby window and peered out at dark clouds still looming over their wet neighborhood. No floods here, guess we got lucky, Blue thought. Thank You, Jesus. Blue went back up and changed and brushed her teeth and headed outside to go take a look at the bayou. She slipped on her hoodie and pulled on her beanie and tied her boots. She walked out the back door and hurried over to the back gate. She peered over and gasped at the height of the bayou. It had risen exceptionally and might've even posed as a flooding threat. She opened the gate and took a seat next to the fence, watching the peaceful water rush past. That's when she remembered the events of the previous day. All the terrible emotions, the anxiety and nervousness, came rushing back in and she had to brace herself for the impact. She sighed. \"I guess I should take this as a blessing, Thank You, Lord.\" She prayed allowed. \"Blessings often come in disguises.\" Blue jumped. She turned her gaze to the fence to her left and saw a boy with jet black hair and light blue eyes. \"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you,\" he apologized, coming to her side of the fence.[Chapter 9] \"I-it's ok,\" Blue said turning her gaze back to the bayou. Then she suddenly recognized him. \"Wait, you're Matthew's friend, aren't you?\" \"Yep,\" the boy said and sat beside her. \"My name is Levi and I've known Matthew for ages. We're very good friends. You're Kayla, er, Blue right?\" \"Yeah,\" Blue nodded. \"It's nice to meet you,\" Levi said politely. \"It's nice to meet you too,\" Blue smiled, looking at him. \"Blessings can come in many shapes and sizes and in disguise.\" Levi said, peering out across the bayou. \"But blessings are blessings and you should be very thankful for them.\" \"Yeah,\" Blue agreed. \"Say, if you're Matthew's friend, you must be a Christian, right?\" \"Yep, and a proud one at that,\" he answered. \"Good, can I ask you for advice?\" \"Fire away.\" \"Ok,\" Blue cleared her throat and watched the bayou as she spoke. \"My two closest friends want me to do something that goes against my morals, but they said that if I didn't then they wouldn't ever speak to me again. I know it seems like a simple thing, but I'm just so worried. I don't want to lose my friends, but I don't want to disobey God. What should I do?\" \"Hmm,\" Levi hummed. \"You, of course, should obey God, but it's your choice really, what do you want to do?\" \"I-\" she stopped. \"I don't know.\" Have I been so caught up in what could happen and what God wants that I never took a second to consider the fact that I have free will and can make this decision based on what I want? She thought. What I want, what do I want? She sighed. \"You don't?\" Levi inquired. \"I admire your honesty.\" \"Thank you, but doesn't take a lot to admit when I'm beat,\" Blue stated. \"Maybe not for you, but for some, they'd find themselves in a struggle similar to the one your in over this decision.\" Levi pointed out. \"That's true,\" Blue sighed. What do I want? She asked herself. I want what's best. I want God's Will. \"I know what I want now.\" \"What is it?\" \"God's Will. I want what is best.\"[Chapter 10] She breathed as she entered the cafeteria, her stomach twisted in a million knots. She kept praying as she approached her friends' table. Lord, please be with me, help me make the right choice . She gulped as she stopped in front of them. Carly and Hannah both stared at her expectantly. \"Well?\" Hannah asked, rudely. \"I-I have decided,\" Blue breathed. \"That I will not be going to your cousin's party.\" \"Mm, typical Blue,\" Carly rolled her eyes. \"What a waste of my time.\" \"It was nice knowing you, but you're too perfect for us, so do us a favor and leave us alone, k? Good bye.\" Hannah said, turning to face Carly. Blue, choked up, simply nodded and stalked off to the library, head held low in case she couldn't hold the flood of tears in. She hurried to her usual spot and plopped down on the chair hugging her knees and crying. I did it, Lord, but I lost my two closest best friends. The warm tears streamed down her face and she felt humiliated. \"Blue?\" She herd a soft voice speak. She looked up, face red and wet from crying and she saw her old friend Summer, a short girl with short brown hair that curled at the ends and innocent brown eyes, standing beside her chair. \"Oh, hi, Summer,\" Blue said, looking away. \"What's wrong?\" Summer asked concerned. \"Yeah, what's wrong, Blue?\" Matthew emerged from behind one the shelves and came and stood beside Summer, who took a seat beside Blue. \"You know Hannah and Carly right?\" She asked, her voice distorted due to crying. \"Yeah,\" the two said in unison. \"Well, Hannah wanted me to go with her to her cousin's party where there would be alcohol and boys and I already didn't want to go, but they told me if I didn't, then we wouldn't be friends anymore. They gave me a day to think about it. I just told them that I decided that I didn't want to go to the party and now we aren't friends anymore. I'm going to be all alone at lunch now and I'm humiliated, I guess.\" \"Aww, I'm sorry to hear that, Blue,\" Summer said, sadly. \"Following God is a hard call, indeed,\" Matthew nodded. \"But you'll always have Him as your true Best Friend.\" \"Yeah,\" Blue smiled. \"Levi told me that you two met. He has the same lunch as you. If you want, I can ask him to sit with you.\" Matthew offered. \"Sure,\" Blue nodded. \"Thank you, you're really making me feel better.\" \"You did good, Blue. You shouldn't be sad at all!\" Summer said.[Chapter 11] Blue sat out on her porch like she did everyday. She turned on her IPod, smiling bright at the events of the day. She pushed her earbud cord inside the audio jack and slipped her earbuds into her ears. She pushed the play button on her Christian Rock radio station app and listened to the beautiful hard core melodies. Lord, thank You for what You did for me today, she prayed. You always turn my tears into laughter and weeping into dancing. I may have lost two friends, but I gained a new one who will help me in my walk with You. Thank You, Jesus. It's in Your name I pray. Amen. She finished and began humming along with the song that was playing, a perfect song for how she felt toward Hannah and Carly at the moment. Your bad company corrupted the child I was You took advantage and you left me addicted to your drug This is the last time! So go ahead and take a good look at me You'll see me never again, never again I'm leaving Hey there! I know this was a really short story, but I feel like I got the point across. I know it's hard to do the right thing sometimes, but you'll find that you'll usually feel better about doing the right thing afterwards than after doing the wrong thing. Thanks so much for reading, I have many more stories to come! God bless! Maranatha! Song: \"Sayanora\" by Disciple. I do not own the song or the lyrics! ","Summary":" Blue held her lunch tray, filled with food ready to be consumed, close and walked to the lunch tabl"}]