[{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"You're Back","Author":"Neo Nobody","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7714485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I walked over the grass and twigs, feeling it crunch under my shoes. The house loomed over me, and for the first time in as long as I could remember, I felt afraid. I walked through the door and touched the frame, just like I used to when my Alice was here. A hummingbird flew around my head, as free and beautiful as my Alice was. Another wave of sadness lapped at my feet like water from a lake onto the shore. \"Jake,\" the wind whispered in a voice that seemed to bounce off the walls of my head. \"Jake,\" it said clearer, taking on a feminine edge. It was becoming much like that of... Ella's. \"I spoke to who I could. You helped me,\" a voice that was now distinctly Ella's echoed in my mind. \"This was the only pleasantry I thought was sufficient for everything you did for my people and I.\" My breath hitched, and I saw a figure familiar to me manifest itself. \"Goodbye, Jake, I hope you enjoy the gift.\" Ella whispered, her voice fading as the figure became more female, and more clear. Black hair cascaded down her pale, bare back in corkscrews. Sharp eyes opened, thin lips parted, and an equally sharp nose slid through her perfect features. A perfect hand reached out to me, touching and memorizing my dirty, broken face. Her long, uncovered legs were elegant. \"You're back,\" she announced cheerily. I gasped and grabbed at her wrist, begging her to be real. My hand fell onto warm her warm, real skin. \"You're here?\" I questioned, not quite believing this beautiful gift. \"Of course I'm here, silly! This is my home,\" she smiled, showing off her shockingly white teeth. I couldn't choke back the sob that escaped me. A soft kiss soothed me. Another sent my heart racing. \"Let's... get you some clothes,\" I whispered, suddenly realizing I had to look down at her; she wasn't an arm's length away anymore, but pressed against me. Her hands were holding my face and holding me together, as if I would fall into millions of pieces if she let go. She stared back up at me, challenging me. \"Let's not.\" ","Summary":" I walked over the grass and twigs, feeling it crunch under my shoes. The house loomed over me, and "},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"First Love Lost","Author":"Evelyn Thorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7899179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first love lost happened to be his fault in the end. He said he had truly loved her yet he spited her with his greed. At the time he thought he was doing the right thing, but in reality he was always two steps behind. She was killed for gold and it really was because of him. She suffered a terrible death and for his part he had to watch. Life can present unexpected things and this was sure one of them Inspired by the first love in Cowboys and Aliens. ","Summary":" The first love lost happened to be his fault in the end. He said he had truly loved her yet he spit"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Gold","Author":"Evelyn Thorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7790897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We should have known that they would be back. We should have figured it out by now. With all of the people disappearing, just vanishing into the bright blue sky. They were really after the gold, although the people got in the way at the same time. All of those innocent people left to suffer. It really is funny that the root of all evil is gold at this point, it seems to make everyone crazy enough to kill for it. Inspired by Cowboys and Aliens about the aliens wanting gold. ","Summary":" We should have known that they would be back. We should have figured it out by now. With all of the"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"The Start of Something New","Author":"NoReins-XO","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7700833","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I absolutely loved Cowboys & Aliens, yet I was also intrigued by how Alice, Jake's wife, and him met and how he left his band of men for her. This wasn't covered in the movie, so I thought I'd just make up my own littler version of how they met. I wrote this right after I saw the movie, so I'm hoping that Jake seemed in character enough. I hope you all enjoy. :) The Start of Something New: \"Come on, boys.\" There were a few chuckles that emanated from the scraggly group of men behind their leader as they rose to mount their horses. Their leader, a slim-figured man, wore a dark brimmed hat, shielding his eyes from the blaring sun above. Already mounted on his brown speckled horse, he turned his head slightly to the side, looking at his band of men from the corner of his eye. He waited for a few seconds, then kicked the flanks of his horse, sending the mare galloping and kicking up dust behind him. His men followed. His gang consisted of nothing more than loners and drifters, those who would turn to banditry and even murder to make their living. Yet even with their corrupted morals, they were loyal to their leader. The band of men had earlier been planning in the day where to make their next attack. They usually took easy pickings on stray travelers or small groups of cowboys, but as of recently, it seemed that their local camp had either been found, or betrayed. People had been steering miles clear of their encampment. Their supplies had been dwindling, and the men were growing restless. \"Jake,\" a black haired bearded man galloped ahead of the trailing men behind to ride alongside his leader. \"They're getting restless. Sayin' that a couple o' drifters ain't gonna be sufficient.\" His voice continued in a western drawl. Jake Lonergan's eyes narrowed. His plan had been exactly that, to ride far enough from the camp that they would find easy pickings. Apparently that wasn't going to be good enough; yet, their contempt had reasoning behind it. He turned his head to the side to look at his most faithful follower, Hunt. \"Alright, we'll ride south. If they want a town, they'll have to ride a bit further.\" Hunt nodded, his horse slowing slightly so that he fell behind again amongst the other men to relay this new information. Jake wasn't exactly keen on riding in on a town to raid. There were far too many risks. It was easier for someone to get shot and there were the sheriffs and deputies who wouldn't mind a good chase after his men. If they followed them long enough, they could find their camp. Though, he thought wryly, seems that's already been found. He reined in his men as they reached the crest of a hill an hour later. His calculating eyes scanned his men's eager faces and then remained focused on the small town below, if you would even call it that. All it consisted of was a small general store and a few small houses clustered together. A short ride north, there was a larger town that would accommodate any other needs. \"This shouldn't be too hard, but don't get carried away. Get in, take what you need, get out.\" His voice was low and firm. There were mumbled consents from the group. \"Hiya!\" Jake smacked the backside of his horse and she neighed, rising up on her back legs in excitement, and then pounded forward down the hill towards the town, his men following close behind. x.x.x.x.x.x Alice could hear the storm of pounding hooves from where she was sitting at the kitchen table of her family's house. She dropped the book she had in her hands and ran to the window, looking out to see the cloud of dust surrounding the riders. \"Bandits,\" she breathed in fear. She ran to the door, locking it and pulling up the chair she had previously been sitting in up to the doorknob. She then ran to the back room and slammed the door shut behind her. She knew that the door would only delay the bandits, but she hoped that it would be enough time for her father and brother to return from the town up north. She waited. All too soon, she could hear the jiggling of the doorknob, and then the slam of the door as it was knocked off its hinges from a powerful kick. She jumped at the noise and tried to calm her breathing. She couldn't let them take their money, the money they had been saving for the last year, ever since they moved out west. They needed it to go back to get her mother. She couldn't let them do this. In a rush of adrenaline, she grabbed the closest thing to her, a walking stick that her younger brother had found, and ran out of the backroom. The intruder paused and turned his head to look at her. Jake scanned her quickly. Her eyes were wide with fear and his eyes fixed on the stick she held in her hands. The corners of his lips turned up slightly, as if he found her amusing. \"Get out of my house! We have nothing for you!\" She yelled at him, waving the walking stick threateningly. \"What do you think you're going to do with that stick?\" His hand went to pistol at his side. He raised an eyebrow at her. She glanced at the walking stick and then to the bandit's hand on his pistold. \"I'll do what I have to.\" Her mouth was set in a determined line, yet he could easily see the fear in her eyes. \"All I want is your money.\" He said, his eyes darting around the small room of the house, looking for potential hiding spots. \"We have none.\" She said firmly, but as she spoke, she started took three small steps, placing her between a door and Jake. \"Is that right?\" Jake strode quickly towards the door and easily pushed the girl to the side. He flung it open to reveal a small pantry with some cooking supplies and nonperishable foods. He knew people often stashed their savings into sacks of flour or sugar. He reached for such a sack instantly, quickly opening it and looking inside. \"Noo!\" Alice yelled. She brought the stick as hard as she could onto Jake's back. He froze, and then in unimaginable speed, he turned, grabbing the stick and breaking it in half. He shoved the girl back with the two halves and she went crashing into the table and chairs. She moaned, but got to her feet quickly, brandishing one half of the stick. \"Like I said, what're you gonna do with that stick?\" Jake repeated, pulling his pistol from its holster. Flipping it once in his hand just to be showy, he pointed it at her and cocked it. \"My name's Alice.\" She said quickly, staring at the pistol pointed at her. She lowered the stick to the table, realizing she stood no chance. Her brown eyes lowered after a moment as well. Jake started. Why was she telling him her name? He now finally seemed to truly take in her appearance. She was a beautiful girl, probably only a year or two younger than him, with long dark brown hair that fell past her shoulders. He cleared his throat and slightly lowered his pistol. \"My murderer can't tell me his name?\" She asked quietly. Jake stared at her for a moment. He dropped his pistol to his side and shook his head once. \"I'm not going to murder you.\" \"Alright. I don't deserve the name of the man who stole my family's life savings?\" She inquired again. She conceded that the man was ruggedly handsome, with sharp features. In another life, perhaps… \"Jake. Jake Lonergan.\" He finally said. \"Well you've found the money.\" Her voice rose now, her arm shakily pointing to the opened pantry. \"Take our savings and go!\" The last word came out warped as she tried to choke down the tears that were rising. Alice was determined not to break down in front of Jake. To Jake, it showed strength, as did her running out of that back room trying to ward him off with a mere stick. She was growing on him. \"I…\" Jake trailed off. He slung his pistol into its holster and looked around the shabby room once more. \"I'm not going to take your money.\" He finally said. She stared at him quizzically. \"You're not going to take my money.\" She repeated in disbelief. He shook his head to confirm what she said. It was quiet for a moment. \"Then why the hell did you come in here waving that thing around and scaring the living hell out of me!\" She burst out suddenly, pointing her finger at his gun. He was surprised at first, but then he gave a low chuckle. \"I can't just come have a civilized discussion with a beautiful lady?\" He asked, walking past her. He picked up one of the fallen chairs and pulled it out for her. \"Have a seat, Alice.\" He gave a small grin. She looked at the chair and then sat. He walked around the table and sat as well. \"What're you saving that money for?\" Jake asked. \"My mother. She's back home on the coast. We want to bring her back out here with us.\" She answered steadily. He nodded. \"I see.\" Just then, the door barged open and, framed in the doorway, was Hunt. \"Jake! Boys are ready!\" He shouted. He gave a start when he realized he was sitting with a girl. Jake looked from Alice to Hunt and stood. \"One moment,\" he said to Hunt. He nodded and left the house, slamming the door behind him. Jake made his way to the door, put his hand on the knob, but then stopped, turning slightly to look back at the pretty girl sitting at the table. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a couple of gold coins, flipping them in his hand as he looked at them. \"Take these.\" He said simply, tossing them towards Alice. Alice quickly caught them, but her face turned to disbelief. \"You're a bandit!\" She cried. \"You're supposed to take my money, not give me money!\" He raised an eyebrow at her. She swallowed, her fingers closing around the coins. \"I mean, thank you.\" Jake tipped his hat to her and opened the door, stepping out into the sunlight. \"Wait!\" He paused, turning once more to face Alice. \"If you're willing to give me money for no apparent reason, then I'm willing to get to know this strange bandit named Jake.\" She gave a small smile. \"Will you come back? Tomorrow, around sunset?\" She looked in his face hopefully. Jake had one foot in the stirrup of his horse and he mounted easily. This time, when he faced her, he had a smile breaking across his face. \"I'll see you tomorrow, Alice.\" With that, he galloped off towards his waiting men on the hill. Alice smiled as she watched the handsome man go, clutching the coins to her chest. Was this the start of something new? A new life for her, perhaps? Over the hill, riding off in the opposite direction, Jake was thinking the same thing. I know that it's highly unlikely that they met this way, but I thought it kind of fun. I'd love for you to review and tell me what you thought about this. Great? Fantastic? Absolutely dreadful? One-shots are a bit of a new thing for me, and I'm only here to improve. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" I absolutely loved Cowboys & Aliens, yet I was also intrigued by how Alice, Jake's wife, and him me"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"The Other Side","Author":"brianjonesmevsd.net","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12484624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Other Side Jake opened one eye and lights hanging over his head made him regret that decision as he immediately shut it back. He could hear sounds near him but when he tried to turn his head he couldn't, immediately realising that he was strapped down to a table. \"Jake are you there?\" A woman said cared and barely audible. He couldn't tell who it was at first. He then remembered her name. \"Alice\" he began yelling. \"Where are you sweetheart.\" She quickly responded with \"I don't know but it's dark and i'm scared.\" Jake could plainly tell that she was actually scared for her life. He couldn't move to help comfort her so he began to think of anyway to help her. Nothing came to mind for a second and they both laid in complete silence. He then came up with an idea he thought to have been so smart. He said \"A big old farm house sitting on about 5 acres of land. A nice big ol' tree near a pond with some fish inside. You and me just sitting under that tree just talking.\" Alice responded with a little hesitation \"What are we going to talk about.\" He realised that this may actually work. So calmly he said \"We'll talk about our kids playing in the fields and the dog chasing them.\" Hoping she was happy he continued to say \"Maybe even talk about some of the plants were growing. Anything that you want to talk about.\" She was smiling but Jake couldn't tell but he somehow knew this. Alice almost in tears says \"I can't wait till the day we can get that house. Can we also have other animals?\" Jake quickly responded with \"We can have any animal that you want to have.\" Suddenly there was a sound coming from what they believe to be a hallway. He wasn't sure what it was since it wasn't a sound he heard before. Then the thing was in the room with him and Jake didn't know what to do. The thing grabbed the cart and began pulling him away. Jake began yelling \"Alice! Where are you taking me you vile creature! Alice sweetheart where are you!\" He only heard the slight sound of her voice and he made out that she was yelling his name. Within a few seconds though her voice could no longer be heard. Jake became agitated and was yelling and kicking at the creature he still didn't know what it was. The thing brought him to a room and undid his straps and took a step back. Jake immediately jumped up and went to grab his gun but it wasn't there. Jake charged for the door and yelled \"Alice where are you?\" Jake then turned towards the creature and went to punch it but was shot by some kind of gun at his side. Jake stood there looking at it and was groaning and yelling at the thing \"You fucker.\" He was slowly feeling light headed as the blood leaked out of his wound. He couldn't really fight back now and he stumbled backwards and hit the wall and slowly sat down. The thing got closer and put a thing on his arm that jake couldn't tell what it was. The thing then took his boots and hat that jake still had on him. Jake began to lose consciousness and asked \"Why?\" To his astonishment the thing actually responded with \"We are going to wage war and it wouldn't be fair if we just annihilated everyone. So as a group we have decided that one person will have the power to fight back.\" Jake was completely gone now and the thing injected him with a serum to have him forget everything that happened here. Then another creature walked in and took him out and laid him in the middle of the desert. A little after the creature left the sun began to rise and the vultures circled way up above his head. Then his eyes began to twitch. ","Summary":" The Other Side Jake opened one eye and lights hanging over his head made him regret that decision a"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Final Goodbye","Author":"Bianca Bubbles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7692617","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi everybody... It's been a LONG time since I've written fanfiction. Wrote this right after watching the movie, been sitting in a notebook for while. Thanks for reading! Enjoy! After the demons had left Earth, Jake moved on. Nobody was looking for him anymore; he had no thoughts or feelings to speak of. He was numb. Jake found himself wandering back to the caverns were the demons once slept. Once he saw the familiar shadow of the mountains across the sky, he grit his teeth and turned his horse around. But he always came back to that same charred stretch of earth, time after time. He bent low over the horse's back, holding his temples. The heat blurred his sight, but he had come back to the cursed spot again. Swinging carefully off the horse, Jake pulled his canteen off the saddle. He threw back his head and let the water trickle down his throat. The prairie filled his nostrils and he coughed harshly, beating his chest with his fist to gain back his breath. An odd tree stood a stones-throw away. It was tall, thick around the trunk... its long branches had seen years of sun. Wide, hardy leaves basked in the sunlight and protected delicate pale buds. Approaching the tree, Jake drunk in its strange appearance. Wide, blue eyes alert, he scanned the empty desert. Nothing moved. He extended both hands towards the tree cautiously, as if it was a small, frightened animal. The bark was smooth and waxy against his palms. Jake. He blinked, his face twisting with the unfamiliar contact, smooth baby breaths tickled his mind. Jake? Is that you? The words sounded clear, ringing through his skull. Somehow he knew. \"Ella?\" he whispered. Through the leaves he saw two wide green eyes, several shades darker than the foliage around. Jake's breath caught in his chest as she emerged. Her outline wavered like heat floating from desert stone. Ten slender limbs missing hands or feet extended from the column of light at her center. From her narrow head extended two feathered appendages thinner than a child's finger. \"Ella?\" Yes. Jake couldn't find any words to reply. This is my true form, Jake. \"How the hell did you survive,\" his voice was cold, distant, flat. The fire of the explosion allowed me to heal. \"Are you going to leave?\" Jake choked. The pipalians destroyed my people. There is nothing left for me beyond this world. \"Then...what?\" I'm very weak. I cannot heal myself fully. If I survive, I will raise a brood and reproduce my race. Ella's wide green eyes turned to Jake. You must promise to never reveal me to the humans. Jake shuffled back from the tree. His head bobbed in a wordless promise. \"They'd think I was crazy, anyway,\" he muttered, as an afterthought. This must be the last time you see me Jake. There will not be another goodbye. He clenched jaw and set his feet apart. \"Goodbye Ella,\" he rasped. Goodbye Jake. Turning sharply he closed his eyes against the harsh arid wind. He grabbed at his horse's reins and slid quietly into the saddle. Jake. The cowboy couldn't help gazing back at Ella's alien form once more. All that remained was the tree, alone against the endless sky. There is no such things as love to my people. But you Jake, I think I might have loved you. Jake let his face pull into a bittersweet smile. With a tip of the hat he left her forever and never returned. It was better that way. ","Summary":" Hi everybody... It's been a LONG time since I've written fanfiction. Wrote this right after watchin"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Running from Absolution","Author":"Black Stormraven","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8297353","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All I clearly remember is the pain. Rebuilding my body from the fire seemed more like a mere inconvenience compared to my second resurrection. I'd had bouts of consciousness throughout the whole gruesome process; my brain must have thankfully blocked out the worst bits. But the screaming…I remember that quite plainly, nevermind the fact that just being alive again was miraculous. It took three sunrises to be able to utter a single word without my throat protesting. When my body, my new body, had repaired itself once again, I'd pieced together the events that had led up to my second death. Walking among the carnage that surrounded me, the memories came more easily. I had released a dozen or so people from their restraints in the half-buried ship, then made my way to the craft's heart. I'd blown it, and myself, into miniscule pieces of flesh and metal. No, that's not the whole story. There was something in the middle, something sad. No. Bittersweet. I hadn't been alone. A man. There had been a man, his eyes as bright and blue as mine. I'd kissed him to get the arm gun off his wrist and set it to detonate. I'd climbed to a maintenance shaft before he could stop me, told him goodbye…his eyes had been so sad when he realized what I was going to do. There had been a small, selfish part of me that had wanted to go back to him and leave the living nightmare behind, if only to make that sadness go away. But I didn't have that option, and neither did the Earth. I had to destroy the ship and the monsters within. I couldn't let them bring a fleet back to Earth and do to the humans what they'd done to my people. I couldn't let my planet's fate go unavenged. So I'd left him, Jake was his name, behind and completed my mission. That should have been the end of it, but I'm still alive. How? Why? Have I somehow become immortal? I contemplate this as I walk closer to the town I'd lived in before the attacks and abductions, although it's grown bigger and busier since then. No, I'm not immortal. Eternal life, especially in a single form is a myth. Nothing is meant to live forever; it goes against the very nature of the universe. I'll think about it later. Right now I want something hot to eat and some clothes that fit better than the Indian garb I'd taken from a fallen warrior…or what was left of him. Absolution has expanded from a single road to three, new incomplete buildings lining the new paths. Colonel Dolarhyde must be happy since the town's growth means the fattening of his wallet. Dolarhyde. That's his name, the man with the haggard face and the haunted eyes. He was with us, riding alongside Chief Black Knife. I wonder if the chief survived, or the colonel for that matter. More names and faces come back to me as I think of the two leaders. I don't know what happened to any of them, now that I think about it. I order a simple beef stew in the first saloon I pass and ignore the few people staring at me, those sober enough to see only one of me, that is. As I eat I keep myself occupied by recalling more of my last life, more specifically the people that impacted it. Black Knife and Nat. Colonel Dolarhyde and his son Percy. Doc, the boy, and the dog that followed him everywhere. Jake. His face is the one the crosses my mind the most. The others I can only remember in passing, but I remember Jake's in great detail. The length of his lashes, the curve of his nose (possibly the result of being broken one too many times), the way one corner of his mouth would quirk up in a half-smile. But his most striking feature was undoubtedly the blueness of his eyes. I wonder if I'll ever see them again. It hits me then: is he still here? Are any of them? I haven't seen any faces that I recognize yet. As a matter of fact, how long has it been since that fateful battle? It can't have been more than a couple months if I go by the remains of the Indian warrior whom I'd relieved of clothes. Then again, the heat from the desert sun could have accelerated the rate of decomposition. A panic begins to form in my chest as the disorientation hits me full force. The more I think about how much time has passed, the more anxious I become. I have to leave this place. I have to find Jake. \"Hey, I know you,\" a voice says to my left. I almost knock my chair to the floor in surprise when someone approaches me. It's the boy. What was his name? \"Ella?\" Is that my name? It sounds right, but I'm not sure. \"It's me, Emmett. Remember?\" \"Emmett?\" It occurs to me that I never did learn his name. The others had always just called him 'boy'. \"Emmett. How are you?\" I look him up and down before he takes the chair beside me. \"You've grown, haven't you.\" His soft brown eyes are as wide as I remember. \"You're supposed to be dead,\" he says in a whisper. Right to the point, then. \"I know. I was…I think.\" \"Well, what happened? We-\" He lowers his voice when he realizes his volume is increasing. \"We saw that thing explode. Jake and Mr. Dolarhyde said it was your doing, that you stayed behind to blow them demons right back to Hell.\" \"That's right.\" I don't know what else to add. \"How are you alive? Is it like that time at the Indian camp when you walked out of the fire? How did you do it?\" I have to think about that one. \"I don't know. This time was different.\" \"How?\" I have to look away from those big, innocent eyes. His curiosity is harmless, but I don't want to relive those memories yet. They're too fresh, too raw. I just want to forget the past right now and move on. But that's not fair to the boy. He deserves some sort of explanation. I give him the only thing I can. \"Pain. There was a lot of pain.\" My vision clouds and twin tears fall down my cheeks. \"Miss Ella, I'm sorry. I didn't mean no harm.\" I wipe the tears away and force the bad memories down. They won't do me any good now. I manage a smile for Emmett. \"It's alright.\" My eyes scan the saloon looking for a distraction. I want so badly to ask about Jake, but I can't just yet. \"How long has it been since…that day?\" \"'Round about four months, I suppose.\" I didn't think it had been quite that long. \"I see.\" There's that panic again. I've always hated the feeling. It sits like a burning rock in the center of my chest until the pressure fans out like a starburst and consumes my very being. I especially hate it now when there's no immediate threat, no tangible reason for me to feel like this. I can't hold it back anymore. \"And, uh, what about the others? Doc and Nat and…\" Great. I can't even say his name aloud. Emmett seems to understand at least. \"They're doing fine. Mr. Dolarhyde and Percy are partners now. Percy's a lot nicer to folks, too. Doc and his missus are expecting in the spring.\" \"Good for 'em,\" I say with a smile, the first sincere one I've given since I came to this planet. Emmett's own smile falters. \"As for Nat…he died in the fight. One of them demons ripped his neck open. Mr. Dolarhyde was real torn up about it for a long time.\" He pauses and looks at me. It feels like he's seeing right through me, though. \"Don't you wanna know 'bout Jake?\" His name makes me sit up straighter. How peculiar. \"Is he still here, then?\" \"'Fraid not. He left town just a couple days after you blew that ship to kingdom come. Said somethin' about too many memories here, too many ghosts.\" I can't say the news is shocking, but it still hits me like a kick in the gut from a mule. Emmett must see it in my face because his eyes go wide again; he does that just before he apologizes for something. I cut him off at the pass. \"Don't you dare say you're sorry,\" I admonish, making sure to smile so he knows I'm not angry. \"Can't say I blame him after all that's happened to him.\" The silence between us fills with noise from the saloon, more people filing in as the work day ends with the setting sun. I try to think of something to say but no words come forward. My thoughts are all one giant ball of confusion, hope, betrayal, anxiety, and relief. I wonder if humans often feel this way, so much so quick. Once again, Emmett comes to the rescue. \"Do you like him, Miss Ella? Jake, I mean.\" The question catches me off guard and I'm not sure why. It takes me a moment to answer. \"Yes. Yes, I like him very much.\" \"Why?\" This boy has the annoying habit of being straightforward. I hope he never loses that as he gets older. \"I don't know. Maybe because…\" Why do I like him? In fact, what exactly do I feel for him? It's certainly beyond curiosity, but how much further? \"I don't know.\" \"He likes you, too.\" Is he making a joke or being serious? I can't quite tell. \"What makes you say that?\" \"Miss Ella, everybody knew it. Doc thought he might've just been pro-\" He seems to struggle for the word. \"Pro-jec-ting his love for the woman he lost onto you. But Nat and me saw differ'nt. Jake always seemed to calm down more when you was around, 'specially when he got his memory back. I might be just a kid, but I know what I saw then.\" I can't help but stare at him. This child, this quiet, intelligent child knows more about me than I know myself. The thought should frighten me, but I'm oddly calm. It seems having someone understand even a little of what I've gone through is a good thing. Makes me feel not so alone. \"Last I saw, Jake was headed east. Dunno if he's even alive at this point, but I got a feeling he's still kicking somewhere.\" I have a direction. I have some small hope that he might still be alive, and an even smaller one that he might be happy to see me again. I stand up and start for the door when I remember something vital. Looking back at the empty stew bowl, I whisper, \"I don't have any money.\" \"Aw, don't you worry 'bout that, Miss Ella.\" Emmett pulls two gold coins from his pocket and takes them to the bartender. When he comes back, he takes my hand and leads me outside. \"Why did you do that?\" \"Least I could do after what you done for us,\" he says steadily, no irony in his voice. \"If you're gonna go looking for him, you'd best be gettin' some new clothes.\" He takes me to his house, through the sitting room, and upstairs to the attic. There's no one home, which I'm thankful for. I remember he's the grandson of the sheriff and I don't think I can handle another reunion so soon after learning about Jake. I want to get going, want to find him as soon as possible. \"My ma's been dead for years, but grandpa couldn't bear to get rid of her clothes.\" He moves some things around and pushes a large chest over to the sole window that lets in light from the new streetlamps outside. I watch in silence as he pulls a few dresses from the depths and lays them on the floor for my inspection. \"I don't know nothin' 'bout women's wear, but if you see something you like I want you to take it.\" \"Oh, Emmett. I can't take something that belonged to your mother.\" \"I ain't got no use for any of it,\" he says matter-of-factly. \"And grandpa don't never come up here, so he ain't gonna know. I'd rather ma's dresses go to someone who could get some use out of 'em than have 'em sit up here for all eternity.\" This boy's kindness is almost too much to bear. I may still be new to the ways of humans, but I know that he is far kinder, far more caring than most. To refuse his charity is unthinkable now. I look at the garments he's laid out and pick two dresses, a creamy white with lacey sleeves and a dark blue with black trim at the hem and neck. He goes back downstairs to let me change in private. When I descend to the ground floor again (I opted for the darker dress since I have no intention of letting the night pass me by in favor of sleep) he's got a bag packed with food, bandages, a couple canteens of water, and a knife. He thrusts the bag and a holstered pistol at me before I can object. \"C'mon,\" he says hurriedly, darting out the back door quick as an arrow. I have no choice but to follow if only to see what he's up to. He saddles up a horse as fast as I've ever seen and looks at me expectantly. \"Well?\" \"Well what?\" \"Ain't you gonna get going?\" There's no harshness, no bitterness in his voice. His question is completely sincere. It's too much. I drop the bag and gun and pull him against me. Never has anyone, man or child, been so kind to me. He's paid for my meal, my first since I died (again), given me his dead mother's clothes, the food from his table, and a horse to get where I want to go. And not once does he demand anything in return. More tears come to my eyes as I embrace him. I want him to come with me, but that would be too much to ask. He can't leave his grandfather, can't go chasing after a wanted man with a woman who's not of this world. But I can't just leave without doing something for him. I push him away just enough so I can look him in the eye. \"Emmett, what can I do for you? You're being so kind to me and I've nothing to give back.\" \"Don't you worry 'bout none of that, Miss Ella. Grandpa an' me got enough gold to last us for years, and you already gave your life to save our folks. You just promise me one thing.\" \"Name it.\" His gaze is that of someone beyond his years, someone made wiser and older before his time. I can't look away even if I wanted to. \"You find Jake Lonergan. You find him, and be happy.\" I smile a bit half-heartedly at his choice of words. \"And how do I do that, be happy?\" He shrugs. \"How should I know? I'm just a kid.\" We share a laugh at his evasion, both knowing he's right. If being happy were simple everyone would know how to do it. I hug him one more time, possibly the last, before mounting the gelding. Emmett hands me the bag, gun, and dress as I settle into the saddle; it takes a moment to recall how to sit properly. \"Goodbye, Miss Ella,\" he says with a smile. I return his smile a bit easier this time. \"Goodbye, Emmett. You take care of your grandpa, you hear?\" \"I'll do that. You find Jake.\" \"I'll do my best.\" It's the best I can offer. I've no guarantee I'll succeed, but I'm sure as hell going to try. I ride through the desert and grassland for three weeks before I find any sign of life. A Native village. They greet me first with suspicion, but allow me to move among them more freely when I speak their language with ease. I ask if they've come across a white man named Jake Lonergan; he would have passed them about five moons ago. None have an answer for me until I find the medicine woman. She wants me to tell her more of this man. I describe his appearance to her and she seems startled when I mention his blue eyes. She tells me she had heard of him from a tribe that had dealings with the Apache, who had heard tell of Jake and a woman from above the stars from Chief Black Knife himself. I tell her that I am the star-woman, to which she only says, \"I know\". She tells me there is no mistaking someone with a spirit like mine. I am unsure of her meaning, but all I care about is that she knows of Jake. \"Do you know where he was going?\" It's a long shot, but at least I know I'm headed in the right direction. \"No. But if you follow the crow's flight, you will find him,\" she says. I stay the night with the tribe at the request of the chief, making sure to stock up on supplies. At daybreak I continue east until I realize I am being followed. Not by people, not even by predators. A single crow cuts across the sky above me, cawing as if calling to me. It takes a more northern direction after a few miles. Some would call me crazy for taking the word of an old Indian healer seriously, but I know better; the native peoples are much better connected to the spirit and natural worlds than the white settlers. I have faith in the medicine woman's words, which is why I follow the bird. Another fortnight goes by until I come across the glowing lights of a city, much bigger than lil' ol' Absolution, Arizona; I don't even know what state I'm in anymore. I urge my horse towards it, but the crow shrieks at me. The moonlight makes it easier for me to see the bird against the black sky. It's leading me away from the city. I pull my horse up short and look back at the buildings and lights that might have more answers for me. Over the past few days I've been growing more impatient, more doubtful. In nearly two months, all I know is that Jake was headed in this general direction and an old Native had only heard of him in passing, hadn't even seen him herself. And what if I do find him? What then? Would he welcome me with open arms? Would he have forgotten me altogether? Would he be angry for what I'd done on the ship? Would he even be alive? A shrill cry breaks me from my thoughts. The crow has circled back and dropped to the ground. It looks up at me expectantly, tilting its head to the side to glare at me with one golden eye. I let out an uncharacteristic sigh (how odd) as I give one last glance to the city before turning to the bird. \"Fine, have it your way. Lead on.\" The crow lifts into the air again and starts back on its original course. It takes me to a small glen protected by a ring of trees, a pond or a lake glistening in the distance. There's something more than moonlight reflecting from the water, however. In stark contrast to the whiteness of the moon is a soft yellow light that dances against the darkness. As I move closer, a small house comes into view. It appears to be relatively new, based on the paleness of the wooden sides and roof. The crow flies to the edge of the trees and lights on one of the branches. I dismount and remove the bridle from my horse so he can graze more easily, but still tie him to a tree so he doesn't go running off. At this short distance I see now that the dancing light is in fact a campfire. It's small, obviously meant for only one person, but I can't see anyone around. I move forward, hoping against hope that my search is at an end with the discovery of this house. When nothing more is revealed to me, I turn back to the crow. \"Are you sure?\" I whisper, more to myself than anyone or anything else. The crow caws once. I'm too tired to argue, too tired to ride any farther. I sit in front of the fire and let its warmth wash over me. The heat is calming, soothing even, and I have to catch myself from falling over as I nod off. I might as well make myself at home if I don't plan on going anywhere tonight. I only just start to lay down when I'm quickly forced into the ground. I'm too startled to defend myself, but it would be no use anyway. A heavy, solid mass keeps me pinned on my back and I feel cold metal press against my throat. I wait for the knife to slash my flesh, but it just sits there as a warning. \"There are two things I can't abide by,\" a low voice growls in my ear. \"Liars and freeloaders.\" I know that voice. \"What do you want here?\" I know that voice! But I can't see him. Dammit, Jake, this had better be you and not just someone who sounds like you. \"I'm looking for someone. Someone I thought I'd lost.\" The body goes rigid for a moment before it rises above me. There's no mistaking those eyes as they go wide upon seeing my face. \"Who are you?\" \"Don't you recognize me, Jake?\" I touch his hand that holds the knife, willing him to see me clearly. It backfires. He flings his arm out to avoid my touch and falls back by the fire. I slowly push myself onto my elbows and watch his face for any sign of recognition. All I see is confusion and disbelief. And just a hint of anger. \"What the hell are you? Why do you look like that?\" \"Jake, listen to me. I don't know how or why, but I survived the explosion. I've been looking for you for weeks.\" My words aren't getting through to him. I lift myself into a sitting position and reach out to him; I want so badly to touch his face again, but he draws back. I lower my hands into my lap. \"Jake, it's me. It's Ella.\" \"No you're not. Ella's dead. I watched her die.\" \"You saw me die before, remember? Then I woke up. It happened again, though.\" His breathing has slowed and his eyes don't move as fast. \"It's really me. Ask me anything to prove it.\" He considers it, the silence agonizing for me. \"How did Ella blow up the vessel?\" \"With the bracelet you had locked on your wrist. I had it set to detonate.\" \"And how did she do it without blowing me up, too?\" \"I took the bracelet off.\" \"How?\" His eyes are minutely softer, that single word said with such pain and torment I can practically feel it rolling from him like a wave. \"I told you to make your mind go blank.\" I take a chance and crawl forward, slowly. His eyes never leave mine, but he doesn't try to back away either. I take that as a good sign. \"You told me you couldn't. You were thinking too much, like you're doing right now.\" He lets me touch his cheek with my fingertips without so much as a twitch. Another good sign. We're so close I can feel his breath on my neck. \"I helped you stop thinking…like this.\" When my lips touch his, my own mind goes blank as well. His skin is hot, and not just from the fire, and his heartbeat against my chest is rapid and strong. I don't know too much about kissing other than the general principal of lip-to-lip contact, but it feels…nice. Jake remains tense for another moment, so I take the chance to scoot just a little bit closer. His hands come up to hold my arms with a gentleness I'd have never associated with him had I not known him. He doesn't push me away, and I let out a breath of relief. That breath morphs into a gasp when I'm thrown back onto the ground. Jake is still kissing me, with much more force than before, and stretches himself out above me. Even though the position should spark every instinct in me to fight, to run, I don't. In fact, I quite like it. He surprises me again when he takes my lower lip between his teeth and gives it a sharp tug before pulling his head away, his arms still wrapped around me. His eyes are heavy with emotions I dare not give names to, but still as blue and beautiful as I remember. His fingertips trace the curve of my cheek as if he's trying to convince himself I'm real and not some phantom or hallucination. \"Ella?\" he breathes softly. The way he says my name, the only name he knows me by, almost breaks my heart. I smile and reach up to touch his face. \"Yes, Jake. It's me.\" He seems at a loss for words as the firelight flickers across his face. He never was much for talking. I pull his head back down to me and kiss him again; I'm starting to like this human gesture. \"It's me.\" One of his hands goes into my hair and grips it hard. What is he doing? \"I thought I told you to never do that to me again,\" he growls. Before I can reply his mouth descends to my neck and kisses it repeatedly. This is new. The nerves in my neck are so very sensitive and I can't stop the sounds that slip past my lips. They seem to encourage Jake, however. Without warning my body begins to shake. Is this normal for humans? The last time I felt this sensation I was dying in this man's arms. But I don't feel any danger now like I did then. So what is it? Jake notices and pulls away to look down at me. He grins. \"Cold?\" Not in the slightest. In fact, I feel almost as hot as the fire still burning beside us. \"No,\" is all I can manage to choke out through a tight throat. How curious. \"Let's go inside.\" He stands and pulls me up, but doesn't let me stand on my own. Instead, he swings me into his arms, kicking dirt over the fire to smother it and carries me to the house that I now know belongs to him. \"You sure you're not human?\" he asks suddenly. \"My body is.\" I don't understand the motive behind his question. There's a gleam in his eyes at my response, a light that has nothing to do with the moonlight. \"Good news for me, then.\" \"I don't understand.\" His smile is genuine when he looks back at me. \"You will.\" I want to ask what he means, but something in that smile tells me he intends to explain one way or another. I kiss his cheek as we enter the house. Although I shouldn't, I trust this man. He would never harm me (intentionally, at least) and that is far more than I can say for any other human. Hell, he broke a man's tooth for calling me a whore. I'll have to ask him why he did that…in the morning. Maybe. ","Summary":" All I clearly remember is the pain. Rebuilding my body from the fire seemed more like a mere inconv"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Carry Me","Author":"hellseries","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8862598","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Carry Me For Yeomanrand, Yuletide 2012 She scrambled up, and up, and into the chamber. She felt the rough claws latch around her ankle but ignored them. The borrowed body was dead in any case. Hastily she focused her mind on its own image, logic and memory flung into tight, intricate patterns, resonating with the energy of the bracelet which was about to- she was- fierce light, heat, glory, triumph, desperate consciousness grasping for a hold somewhere, hold, hold… shifting patterns of interference, ionizing radiation, scattered signals bouncing from layer to layer of the atmosphere, from wall to wall of the canyons… decaying, cooling, dying, faltering… motion… order... dance. They caught the echoes of her being and held her. She was-they were alive. They seethed, restless in their tens of thousands, with one poised at the center, creating, ordering, directing. They cycled in/out as this face of the planet turned into darkness, then into light. Gradually the fragments of her mind found each other and clung together. Slowly she learned to balance her consciousness atop a myriad tiny moving sparks of purpose, learned to see through their faceted eyes, learned to read the movements that signaled angle of light, polarization, distance. Bit by bit she came to recognize the exquisite chemical traces of nectar, pollen, pheromones. Hesitantly, riding over the endless busyness of the hive's preparation for winter, she laid her search atop theirs. She tasted for hints of tanned leather, iron, sweat. Watched for tall dark motion like trees afoot. Listened for rumors of sweetness hidden in shade, smooth surfaces with no foot-grip. (A worker landed on Jake's hand. He brushed her away without noticing. She took his taste back home on her feet.) The days were shortening. She had little time, and if the hive went dormant before she found him, he could be hundreds of miles away by spring. The next day another bee found the same taste on his hatband. He didn't notice this one either. The scout reported back to the hive: new angle, greater distance. He was moving out of range. She leaped, that evening, from the last returning bees to the first scattered vanguard of an emerging bat colony. A quarter of a million of them, emitting high chirps that converged with their own echoes to map the canyon walls, pinpoint the spiraling paths of moths and night-flying beetles. They filled the air for miles and miles around and they located Jake (scent of his sweat, texture of his hair) that same night and every night afterwards. During the nights she endured the fragmentation of her consciousness as best she could; in the daytime, while her hosts rested, packed body to body, clinging to the warm damp rock, her thoughts gathered themselves in their sleeping brains. Five days later Jake set up camp on the very edge of their range. She cast around for another vehicle. Nothing large enough, complex enough, numerous enough. By tomorrow he would be beyond her reach. She grew anxious as the east grew pale and the bats began to stream homeward. Nothing that could hold her… … but him. She fell out of the sky and into his dreaming mind. Pain followed her in. He shifted, groaned. She tried to superimpose her pattern lightly on his own without disturbing it, but even the least contact she could make was too much. His dream (vague images of thirst and heat and gold) became nightmare (restraint, coercion) became panic (too close, too tight, too dark, out OUT) and he woke gasping and shuddering and clawing at his face, his chest. His mind was as hard, swift and dangerous as his hands, and she shifted and dodged as he tried to tear her out of himself. Jake, be still! Her panicked voice coming from inside his own head shocked and terrified him, and he froze. Tentatively, softly, she shared with him an image. A body in his arms, heavy and limp, dripping water and blood onto the thirsty ground. \"Ella,\" he said, his voice a harsh croak, mouth dry with fear. Carry me a while longer. His consent was hesitant, wordless. With the patience of long practice he took in the pain and held it, acknowledged it, tucked it away, as he'd done with the pull of old scars and the ragged grinding of the bullet lodged against his fourth rib. Do something simple. Tend the horse. Slowly he got to his feet, stumbled into the familiar sequence, catch the mare, unhobble her, water her, until his body took over, hands sure and steady with hoof pick and currycomb, and he relaxed into the routine. His pulse slowed, his breathing eased. \"Ella,\" he whispered. \"What can I do?\" Bear with me. Not for long. \"I'll try.\" I need people. A town. \"There's still a bounty on me.\" One of the pueblos? \"I don't speak their lingo.\" I can give it to you. She felt the stab of fear go through him. No. Never mind. Absolution? Immediate resistance. But he thought about it, wrestled with it. \"What do you aim to do?\" I need a body, she said reluctantly. Not just fear this time but anger, revulsion. \"No. I won't-\" She cut him off. I don't mean to kill for it , she said. I can work with a corpse, if I get to it soon enough. The nightmare image was vivid in his mind, Alice rising from her grave (she'd had no grave), turning to him with a stranger's eyes. \"No,\" he said again. \"It ain't right.\" How did you think I managed the first time? And she saw in his memory that he had thought about it, had tried not to think about it, about something eating the soul out of Ella Swenson and walking the earth in her shape. No, she said. Ella drowned in a flash flood along with her kin. There was nobody left to care. \"Then we find another one like that,\" said Jake, \"or you ride with me.\" I can't. Not for long. It would kill you. \"Best we get moving then,\" he said. As they rode, he showed her where they were, his mental map clear and vivid. Absolution, too far behind them. Mexico, too far ahead. Tucson, the capital, perhaps three days' ride to their south and west. There. Take me there. \"They're bound to recognize me. I've been there before.\" I'll take care of it. By sunset, he was slumped in the saddle, eyes closed, exhausted. He moved like an old, old man as he pulled off the saddle and saddlebags, threw his bedroll on a more or less level patch of ground. He tried to eat, but couldn't keep anything down but water. He said nothing, but lay tightly curled in his blanket, unable to sleep. Two more days, Jake. Hold on. \" 'M all right,\" he muttered. She kept as still and quiet as she could. Tiny random flickers of activity shivered through his overwhelmed nervous system. Before long, if the pressure of this doubled consciousness continued, they would progress to seizures. She did what she could for his hard-worn body. Slowly she worked at the ragged cartilage in his knees and hips, mending and rebuilding it, until it was glassy-smooth. She eased the bullet fragment a little further from the rib, a little closer to the skin. Later, if she could find a host, she could perhaps remove it for him. There were tiny parasites in his blood, damaging the red cells; she stopped their reproduction but left them to die off gradually, so as not to trigger fever. She watched and listened as the stars slowly wheeled past overhead. Nothing larger than a coyote, nothing more numerous than a handful of moths, passed by. The next day was pure torment. Jake could barely sit upright. The pain in his head was so bad she could almost feel it too; the blood pounding in his temples until his vision whited out and all light, all sound was pain. He couldn't see to guide the horse, so she split off a small share of herself to look through the mare's eyes and pick a path through the saguaros. They found water a little after noon, a small trickle down a rock face that was enough for Jake to bathe his face and drink a few sips. The mare pawed at the small patch of damp earth at the foot of the bluff, but there was nothing there for her. By evening, Jake could open his eyes just a slit, enough to see a smudge of smoke on the horizon. He was too weak to unsaddle the horse or set up camp; he slid down and sat in the sand, his back to a boulder, head lolling. Small tremors fluttered along his legs and arms. Overhead, Ella sensed movement. Wings. She extended her awareness and brushed the mind of a bat. Two. Three. A dozen. Jake. I'm going to leave you for a while. \"Don't,\" he whispered. I'll be back. But this is going to hurt. I'm sorry. She envisioned cloth plastered to a wound with dried blood, being torn off. He nodded understanding, wincing as the motion redoubled his headache. She tore herself free as quickly as she could, to get it over with. His hoarse scream faded rapidly behind her as she scattered upward with the bats. For the duration of the night, she could do nothing but hold on, try to keep the integrity of her mind as her hosts wheeled and tumbled through the sky in their countless thousands. By dawn she was exhausted. As the bats gathered into their roost, she took the first rest she'd had since destroying the raiders' ship. She thought with regret of Jake, and ached with frustration at her bodiless state. The next night she spent in learning the contours of the town, reading the movements of its people. Over three thousand of them; none, as far as she could tell, currently dying. A shame. One building in particular intrigued her; there was the scent of corruption about it. At least one corpse lay there, not fresh. She thought the smell suggested more than one, for more than a few days. The windows were shut; she could neither get inside nor bounce echoes off what lay within. She burned its location into her memory. Towards dawn she found Jake again. To her relief, he was still alive, and even able to stand and walk. She dropped back into his mind and he staggered, then fell to his hands and knees. She contracted herself down from her stretched, widely-scattered state and took stock. He'd eaten and drunk. He must have slept at some point. He seemed stronger, though he fisted his hands and clenched his teeth against the pain of her intrusion. I'm sorry. Not long now. He nodded, eyes screwed shut. Rest if you can. After a while the pain seemed to ease and he sat up. He wiped the dirt off his hands. She pondered the house, sifted through the vague and fading scraps of memory she'd inherited from Ella. A word drifted up. Undertaker. And if she'd had lungs, she would have taken a deep, hopeful breath. After a long struggle, he was finally able to give her control of his hands and arms, stop fighting her long enough that she could neaten his hair and the short, shaggy beard he'd grown in the weeks since he'd left Absolution. When she finished, he looked older, graver, less hard; a man worn by circumstance and hardship, with hard-won wisdom and dignity. She talked him into caching all his weapons and most of his supplies, riding into town at dusk unarmed. He didn't have to pretend the exhausted slump or the lines of pain around his eyes. He stumbled slightly going up the two steps to the undertaker's door, and he braced himself on the doorframe before he knocked. The footsteps that approached were slow and uneven. A slight, grey-haired man in a sober coat peered out at him. \"You got the wrong door, friend,\" he said mildly. \"Saloon's down that way; hotel's other side of the street.\" \"You the undertaker?\" Jake rasped. \"That's me. Hiram Wilkerson.\" \"Then I got the right door,\" said Jake. \"I need a coffin and a grave.\" \"Who for?\" \"Me.\" The old man looked him up and down. \"You don't look drunk,\" he said. \"I ain't.\" \"Best come in and sit down, friend. Drunk or not, you don't look too good.\" Jake followed him in, sank onto one of the faded velvet chairs in the parlor, hung his head as if it were too much work to hold it up any longer. \"I'm sick,\" he said, \"and I figure I ain't got much longer. No kin to bury me. Don't want to end up on a midden.\" \"I ain't a charity,\" the undertaker began. Jake held up a hand. \"I ain't askin' for charity. I know the work. My uncle did this, when I was a boy. I helped some. I can help you for the time I have left, if you'll put me away decent when I'm done.\" The old man studied him for a while. \"You don't look like you got much work in you.\" \"Had a long ride today,\" Jake replied. \"I'll be some better by daylight. I got this-\" he pulled a tiny nugget of gold from his pocket, held it out. \"You put me up for the night, let me help out around the place tomorrow. Then we can deal.\" The old man took the fragment of gold, studied it, looked back at Jake. \"All right,\" he said. \"Might be we can come to an arrangement. Follow me.\" Jake levered himself slowly out of the chair and followed him through a door at the back. \"This here's where I sleep sometimes when I have to wait on someone,\" said the undertaker. \"Should do you all right for the night.\" Jake nodded. \"Obliged,\" he said quietly, and sat down on the narrow couch. It took some time for him to gather the strength to pull off his boots. The old man studied him a while longer, then nodded. \"Goodnight,\" he said, and closed the door softly behind him. As soon as they were alone, Jake collapsed onto his back on the couch, breathing hard. Let me show you what he does, said Ella. Then I'll go. If he offers you clothes, take them. Stay indoors. Jake nodded. Ella took the images she'd stolen from the undertaker's memory and showed them to him, slow and easy, until he nodded again in comprehension. Sleep well, Jake. Eat and sleep as much as you can. Get stronger. I'll be back. This time he was ready. When she left he bit down hard on a rolled-up edge of the blanket and kept silent. When she returned two nights later, Ella learned from Jake that most of the bodies that passed through Hiram Wilkerson's hands would be useless: their blood drained and replaced with arsenic water. Their best chance would be to find one destined for a pauper's grave; those would merely be washed, wrapped in a clean sheet and lowered into the earth. And of course, grieving kin would be scarce, a point that carried great weight with Jake. That left only the considerable problem of getting the body back out of the grave, leaving aside the damage that the weight of earth and stones would do. Best if we could take the body before it's buried, said Ella. Wrap something else up to take its place. A dog or a deer. \"Don't see how,\" Jake said. \"He keeps a close eye on things.\" I could… keep him from doing that. Jake's spine stiffened. \"No. He's dealt fair with me.\" Just a small sickness. Like if he ate spoiled food. Let him take to his bed for a day and you take care of the work. Jake resisted still. \"I… maybe. Let me think it over.\" Not much harm done, Jake. \"No, but… we're not them.\" What do you mean? \"Them others. The ones that killed Alice and your people. They just took whatever they wanted. I did too, before. But I don't aim to do that now.\" A corpse is no use to anyone. If we don't take it, it just rots in the ground. \"Still. Wilkerson… he tries to do what's right. Decent.\" Jake closed his eyes, rubbed them. Your head hurting? \"It ain't bad yet.\" Time for me to go. I'll be back. In the end it was Jake who found the solution. There was a clutter of footsteps on the porch just before dark, a scuffling of boots, a too-light knock on the door. Jake heard the floorboards creak as Hiram went to answer it. \"What can I-\" There was silence at first, then a confusion of voices, \"-Mexicans-\" \"-beating his wife and the boy-\" \"-snuck off when nobody was looking, hid the body-\" Jake came out of the back room then, slowly, and saw for himself the slight, gangly body, hair matted, face black and swollen, with bruising all around the throat. \"When did you find him?\" he asked, barely above a whisper. \" 'Bout an hour ago,\" said one of the men. They were ranch hands, rough and dirty and sweat-stained, and there was a helpless grief in their faces for this child none of them had known. \"Pauper's grave is the best I can do for him,\" said Hiram. \"You boys know times have been hard-\" \"I'll pay,\" said Jake. \"Give him the casket and grave you and me agreed on. Find him some clothes. I'll clean him up. No need to fool with embalming. We can bury him in the morning.\" Hiram looked long and intently at him. Finally he nodded. \"Show 'em where to set him down,\" he said. \"I've got a partly finished casket I can cut down to size. Won't take but a few hours.\" Once the men had left, Jake began slowly, methodically washing the body, teasing out the mats and knots in the dark hair, trimming it to some semblance of neatness. After a while he got up and opened the window. The sun had set and bats were beginning to flit across the purpling sky. \"Hiram!\" Jake called urgently. The old man stumbled across the hallway. \"What in-oh my sweet God.\" \"Boy ain't dead,\" said Jake, and indeed the child was sitting up, looking wary but alert, dark eyes neither bloodshot nor bulging, throat barely bruised, face no longer swollen nor discolored. He looked at the undertaker and broke into a smile of surpassing sweetness. \"Gracias, Señor,\" he said. \"¿Hablas Inglés?\" Hiram asked. \"No, lo siento.\" \"¿Cómo se llamas? \"Aurelio.\" \"¿Quieres volver a tus padres, Aurelio?\" \"No. No, por favor. Tengo miedo.\" \"¿Quieres quedarte aquí?\" asked Jake, haltingly. \"Sí. Con su permiso. Puedo trabajar.\" Hiram looked back and forth between the two of them. He seemed to ponder for a long, long moment. Then: \"All right,\" he said. \"We'll see how it goes.\" Just after dawn, as the old man slept, worn out by his late night, the boy and Jake rode out together, tracking Aurelio's parents. A few miles outside of town, they found the boy's mother in a shallow grave just off the trail. The coyotes had already been at her. A mile farther, and they found the father, drunk, face-down in a pool of his own vomit. Jake dismounted, turned him over with the toe of his boot. The man snorted but didn't wake up. Jake and Aurelio shared a long look. Then, without haste and without wasted motion, Jake broke the man's neck. He dragged the body to the edge of a nearby wash and pitched it over headfirst. Then he erased the drag marks with a pine branch, washed his hands with water from his canteen, and rode back to town. Aurelio/Ella, his new body thus paid for, rested his head on Jake's back and planned their next move. And so the undertaker, his boarder, and his new apprentice settled in together. Jake's health seemed to improve a great deal; so much so that after a month, he told Hiram he was thinking of moving on. \"I'll owe you some wages, then,\" the old man said. \"Keep it. For room and board,\" said Jake. \"And the boy's food and clothes, too.\" \"You aim to take him with you?\" Jake nodded, looking out the window to where Aurelio was saddling his horse. \"Thinking about heading to Las Cruces. Says he might have some family there that could take him in.\" Hiram nodded. \"Seems like the thing to do.\" He turned his gaze back to Jake. \"Well,\" he said. \"Good luck to you both.\" \"Thanks.\" Jake shook the undertaker's hand, packed his few belongings, slung the thin saddlebags onto the horse and mounted. He reached down and helped the boy mount behind him, and the two of them rode east out of town without looking back. \"So. Do I stay like this, or keep looking?\" Aurelio/Ella asked, as they retrieved Jake's weapons and supplies from the cache. \"Up to you,\" said Jake. The boy said nothing for a while. Jake finished stowing his gear in the saddlebags and adjusted the rifle in its scabbard, and they remounted. \"When I was Ella,\" the boy said, \"seemed like you wanted something from me.\" \"Might have,\" said Jake. \"Don't signify now.\" \"Then what do you want, Jake?\" He was quiet for a long time. \"Be good to have someone around. Someone who knows.\" \"I can see that.\" They rode on for a while. \"How do you figure on making a living?\" Aurelio/Ella asked. \"Been studyin' on that,\" said Jake. \"You got any ideas?\" \"You first,\" said the boy. \"You can heal things,\" Jake said hesitantly. \"Could we… could you set up as a curandero? Lot of folks around here believe in that.\" \"Oh,\" Aurelio/Ella said. \"That's… it's not that easy, Jake. I can heal a body, but I have to be in it. You know what that's like. Even to save a life….\" \"You could ask. They could say no.\" \"How would we explain it to them?\" \"Tell 'em it's magic.\" \"And what if they decide I'm some kind of demon, and come after me?\" \"Well,\" Jake said. He turned in the saddle, looking back at the boy, with his rare smile lighting his blue eyes. \"That's what you got me for.\" Translation ( Please forgive my rudimentary Spanish!): \"Thank you, Sir,\" he said. \"Do you speak English?\" Hiram asked. \"I'm sorry, no.\" \"What's your name? \"Aurelio.\" \"Do you want to go back to your parents, Aurelio?\" \"No. No, please. I'm scared.\" \"Do you want to stay here?\" asked Jake, haltingly. \"Yes. If you'll let me. I can work.\" ","Summary":" Carry Me For Yeomanrand, Yuletide 2012 She scrambled up, and up, and into the chamber. She felt the"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"See You Around","Author":"hellseries","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8355919","Passage":"[Chapter 1] See You Around That first autumn, he paid for the use of two mules and a wagon, and he built four lean-tos at the four corners of his claim, and stocked each with blankets, tinder, firewood, a cache of food, and a jug of water. The day of the first snowfall, he drove the mules back to town, with his own horse hitched to the back of the wagon. Gold was already getting cheap by then, so he brought along two pronghorns he'd shot and dressed out that morning, to trade for the rest of his own winter's supplies. Throughout the long winter, he rode the circuit of his claim every day until the snow got too deep. Then he donned snowshoes and walked it once a week, occasionally spending a night in one of the shelters. He brought enough food for himself, plus enough extra to re-stock the caches, but there was no need. The tightly-sealed tin boxes were untouched. In the spring, he picked up nuggets and droplets where he saw them in the gravel washed down by the thaw, but his main interest was to find a spring in the high rocks he could channel downward to his cabin. The once-barren land seemed greener than it should have been; he wondered if something about the explosion might have enriched the soil. Or perhaps it was all the blood that had been spilled there, human and alien both. Once the weather settled and the ground dried out a bit, he rode into Absolution for supplies and talk. He found he missed human speech, though for a long time he'd felt no need of it. A surprising number of people nodded to him, though most didn't say anything. Doc and Maria, as usual, refused to let him pay for his whiskey. Doc asked about his plans, and when he mentioned the spring, showed him a book with drawings of something called aqueducts; all different ways the old-time Romans had used to get water from here to there. In another book he had a picture of a sluice-like arrangement that would, as Doc put it, \"pan for gold by itself while you do something else\"; Maria, who was a good hand with a pencil, copied several of the drawings for him. Sherriff Taggart was out somewhere, but Emmett heard Jake was in town and came to see him—all arms and legs and seeming six inches taller and a whole year older instead of just six months. The dog at his heels ducked and grinned at Jake as though they shared a secret. Percy was a lot quieter and looked like his face hurt him. He couldn't meet Jake's eye and sidled away when he saw him, but when Jake stopped by the general store for supplies, Percy had left a box for him containing tools, a keg of nails, and, of all things, garden seeds—corn, beans, squash, even tomatoes and chiles. It was too large and heavy for the saddlebags, but it turned out Percy had thought of that; Jake was to have the use of a pack mule and one of the Dolarhyde hands to lead it out and back. That spring he put in a garden patch, and managed to coax a thin stream of water down from the rocks to a small cistern he dug; enough to keep the plants watered. He built a sluice like the one in Doc's book, and until the summer heat dried out the stream, he found a little color every day or so, which he tucked in a little deerskin bag. Every day or two he rode the circuit, kept the lean-tos in repair, swapped out the old food for fresh as needed, kept the water jugs topped up and the blankets aired every week or so. Some of Black Knife's folks rode by one afternoon, traded him some jerky for some of his garden sass. He gave them some of the seeds he had left—tomatoes were new to them, and they looked closely at how he'd planted and tended his. They pointed in the direction of the four corners of his claim and seemed to be asking a question, but he couldn't think how to answer them, so he just shrugged. Eventually fall came around again, and the whole pattern repeated. And thus it went, season after season, year after year. The lean-tos became small cabins, stocked with more food, with proper bedrolls, and with a buffalo robe each in the winter. Occasionally a lost traveler, stranded in the snow or the desert heat, would find one of the shelters and survive. Occasionally a hunter or a drifter would rob his stores. It was all the same to him. He replaced what was used or taken, shrugged off thanks, kept riding his bounds and adding, grain by grain, to his stock of gold. He grew leaner and even more silent. He stopped going into town, though Emmett, now grown and married, rode by to check on him every month or two, bringing small gifts of whiskey or cigarettes, or replacements for his worn boots and clothes. He always offered to pay for the things, but Emmett just shook his head and smiled. It was a fine spring day when Emmett came by, trailed by a second rider mounted on a pony. This one was a girl, blond braids halfway down her back, her too-large hat hiding her face. She looked about eight or nine. \"Say hey to Mr. Jake, honey,\" said Emmett fondly. The girl bobbed her head and mouthed a silent \"Hey.\" \"Jake, this is my daughter. We named her Ella.\" Jake levered himself up off his stool and took off his hat. \"Pleased to make your acquaintance,\" he said in his rusty voice. \"Won't you come in and have some water?\" Jake owned only two cups; Emmett and Ella shared one. After a while, Emmett told Ella where to find the cistern; this time of year it was rich in frogs and other delights. The two men watched her go. \"You're still waiting for her,\" Emmett said. Jake nodded. \"Is there anything we can do for you?\" Jake shook his head. \"I got what I need,\" he said. Then after a while, \"I'd be obliged if...\" he trailed off, looked off into the hills for a while. \"Come a time when I can't check on things...\" Emmett nodded. \"I'd be proud to,\" he said. \"And I can show the girl what to do after me. We'll keep things ready.\" \"Thanks,\" said Jake. ","Summary":" See You Around That first autumn, he paid for the use of two mules and a wagon, and he built four l"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Epoch Ensnare","Author":"bumblebee84","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7801902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There was a grunting sound and the cranking of heavy machinery as a young terrestrial male pushed and pulled at the ship engine's circuits and wires. He was testing the stability of the setup, his usual run through. Making sure everything was operational, just as his mentor taught him; the daily drill. For now this was all he was really useful for until his mentor was back from his harvesting with the day-shift. They always took one engineer with them in case of emergency and immediate need of repair to the organism-collection aircraft, or any other uses of transportation or weaponry. No more than 4 to 5 when out on each hunt. The youngster was still unsure why they needed subjects anyway. Weren't they only here for the mineral Au? He quickly finished up the job and stepped back to scan over his work. Good. Everything looked correct and in order. Now that everything was taken care of he could go back for sustenance- SCRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEE~ An alarm went off in the young male's head. That was the call to run. Get to the emergency escape aircrafts. His body kicked into overdrive, filling with hormones made for speeding the system and placing the organism releasing it in a 'fight or flight' mode. Without a moment to spare he was already trending on all fours, bouncing from one wall to the other. He found the hatch and turned it quickly, opening and revealing a long tunnel of blue light leading up. The male went to climb in when there was a sudden blast of heat and sound. The engine roared to life and the ship took to the air. Fumes flowed forth as the flames burnt through the gas supply. The male hissed. Why where they turning the engines on? Didn't they realize someone was down here? He gasped, his repertory system filling up with burning gases that stung at his insides. The little male got a grip on the wall with his talon-like feet and sprung himself up into the tunnel, turning back quickly to shut the hatch. His strength began to return as he breathed in the fresh air. Moments later he was running again, climbing up the tunnel of light. Screams and cries for help could be heard echoing throughout the walls and caverns that were built through this place. He cringed at every shrill yelp and bottled screech. The young male found the next hatch and grasped his clawed hands around it. He heaved a heavy breath, his muscles straining to get it open. Metal scraped against metal in a blood curtailing wine then it jammed and hooked in place. \"Damn!\" he cursed inwardly as he threw his body back and jammed his shoulder into the wheel. There was a deep booming sound that shook the machinery's frame, and the hatch slid open. The male poked his head through. His mouth gapped in horror at the scene before him. Everything was falling apart. His eyes quickly scanned the large space, but his field of view could not reach ever corner of the enormous room. Debris and shrapnel fell from the ceiling, clattering on the ground. Huge peaces broke through the floor and crushed any living thing below it. He watched as others of his kind raced to the exit at the top right corner, blue light shinning brightly through. The adolescent averted his attention from anything else and leapt forward, seeking out his destination. He dodged from side to side, jumping over machinery and large shards of metal that had already fallen. He tried to reframe from looking down at the dead below him, at all the bodies that had since been mangled and killed. The ceiling was beginning to cave in, collapsing over them. Something was very wrong about this. Something wasn't right. There was another loud boom of sound and light, sending shockwaves all around him. The young male cried out as he was shoved to the side by a much bigger adult. He moaned and shrunk back, hiding away under the metal as others bounded over him. He snarled and jumped up, breaking through the group and landing on his feet. His attempt to join the hoard once again failed as he was hit by something sharp and heavy and tumbled back down to the ground. He tried desperately to get back up, but his foot was caught and his body was pined. The youngster cried desperately for help but no one stopped, no one heard. He scraped and clawed at the ground, trying so hard to pull away and break free, but nothing helped. His chest filled up with air and he let out a terrified roar, trying to catch someone's attention. Instead all he received was a devastating blow to the head and a sudden sensation of cold and darkness. Everything went silent, abruptly stopping his struggles. The adolescent could feel his insides churn as gravity reversed, pulling everything back down, but giving him a feeling of lift. He tried to scream, but his voice would not work, his vocals were caught in his throat. Heat flushed back to his body and everything began to burn. His flesh tingled with this intensely high temperature and he shut his eyes quickly in an attempt to protect the delicate membranes. The young male's circulatory organ lurched as his body slammed into the ground; everything thing around him started to cave, metal crushing and bending in impossible ways. The air was knocked out of him and his body was pined at all sides. He gasped, but it was impossible to find the essential elements that he needed to survive. The young terrestrial's throat closed up and his frame quivered from all the pressure and strain. Pain coursed through him as an icy feeling sank into his veins. His head fell back as his mind and will vanished. His chest fell as his body shut down, systems failing. The life slowly drained from him as frost crested his frame. A blue beacon blinked once, twice, three times, then stopped and went out. Everything was frozen, placed under a protective state, for if anything where to happen, any living thing stuck in this chamber would be able to rise again. The system locked and shutdown.[Chapter 2] 100 years later \"Damn it…\" \"What is it?\" \"I hit some hard rock.\" \"Then go around it-\" \"I've been trying to go around it for the past hour!\" \"Then why didn't you say something earlier?\" \"Because I didn't think it was going to be such a huge goddamn rock!\" Several of the working men gathered around the sight. Rays from the bright desert sun bounced of the surface of something smooth and silvery stuck under the sand and stone. \"Well what the hell do you want me to do with it?\" the man asked leaning on his shovel. \"Get some heavier equipment… Boys! Bring in the diggers!\" 0o0o0o0o0o0o \"Hey… I… I think I got 'er open!\" \"What?\" The sounds of machinery and heavy metal slowed down to a light buzz. A few of the construction crew moved in to take a peek. There was a large break in the metallic material. A crevice big enough for a man to crawl into had split down the middle. \"What do you think it is?\" \"Ruins?\" \"What are you talking about, dumbass?\" \"Hey I was just tryin' ta-\" \"Both of you shut up! I think I hear something…\" All three men leaned in, some others poking their heads over their shoulders to take a closer look as well. \"I don't see a damn thing-\" \"Sh-sh-shhhh!\" \"What's that smell?\" \"What are you…?\" \"...\" 0o0o0o0o0o0o Light broke through into a dingy, dark cavern of rushed metal and broken, aged machinery. Wisps of smog and mist rose to the surface. Fresh air penetrated the interior of what was left of the ship that had blown up and crashed down into the earth over a century ago. A light blinked on. Frost began to melt away, heated up by the sun. A pair of eyes opened in the appending darkness. Life streamed back into the body of the young male terrestrial that had been trapped down in there for way past his natural length of life. He had not aged; his body had been frozen in time and space. He blinked, once, twice. His eyes adjusted and focused, searching the murky darkness. Warmth rushed into his body. His chest lifted, filling up with natural components needed for his survival. The young male gasped, feeling full of energy once again. Hormones kicked in and his mind set back into survival mode. The male darted his eyes forward and took off in a powerful leap, racing back up to the surface. He clawed and pushed his way through the old metal and rubble, quickly making his way up. His mind began to race, his internal systems kicking into overdrive. All he was focused on was to escape, to get away… with the others… the others… He had not taken in account the sent of death and old rotten flesh. But that did not stop him, did not change his motive. He had to get out… A rumbling growl escaped from his throat as he lunged himself forward, up and out into the light. He landed, tumbling onto the ground. The hot sand and dust burnt into his skin, making him hiss in discontent. Frightening screams of horror could be heard all around him. The male's eyes widened and he quickly got back up, flipping around. Humans surrounded him at all sides, cowering in fear. He snapped his head to the right as he heard one coming at him, screaming and yelling as it approached. The young male bared his teeth and screamed back, letting out a terrifying roar, one that could be mistaken for a full grown lion. The human shrunk back, his face contorted with disgust and disbelief. The young male roared again, standing up on two feet this time, showing off his true height. After the humans had moved back enough he threw himself at an opening, breaking out of the circle and taking off at full speed across the desert terrain. He sprinted across the sand, moving each muscle and tenant in precise coordination, each claw and talon pounding at the earth giving him extreme traction and increased agility. The male never took one moment to think, nor to stop and look around… to see how the world has changed around him. As the sun set and stars began to shine the chill of the night finally beckoned him to find a safe place to rest. He dragged himself to the nearest cliff face and slumped against some rocks for cover. The adolescent panted hard, his chest burning and body aching from his run. He wasn't sure how long he'd been at it, but honestly he didn't really care. His eyes wandered across the prairie that stretched out over the horizon. The grasses swayed and danced in the soft breeze. He marveled in the way the moonlight changed the usual yellow/brown pigments to a light blue. Not much had changed… But where was everyone? Surely… they must have escaped… right? That wouldn't quite explain all the death he had sensed before… all the bodies he had seen… It wasn't the silliest idea to think he was all alone now… that he was the only one left from the indecent… possibly… the last one his kind…? Overwhelming loneliness struck the young soul at his center. He curled in on himself, bringing his arms close to his chest. He pulled his inner hands close to the circulatory organ that beat fiercely inside his frame. It was the only comfort he had now… … to know that at lest he was still alive… Or… was that really a comfort at all…? ","Summary":" There was a grunting sound and the cranking of heavy machinery as a young terrestrial male pushed a"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"In My Father's House","Author":"LauraHuntORI","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11883508","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: In My Father's house are many mansions….I go to prepare a place for you. –John 14:2 Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. I'm just borrowing them for a while. CLANG! In the heart of the darkness, a fire glowed. Clang! No thoughts intruded, just heat and the soothing rhythm of metal on metal on metal: hammer to red hot iron, iron to anvil. Clang! Soft golden light fell from a kerosene lantern, and a muted red glow emanated from the forge itself, but beyond that all was shrouded in warm darkness. Clang! But there was no danger in the darkness. He was home. The war was thousands of miles away. Clang! In the violent effort, there was peace. Clang! The metal, as it took shape under his blows, pleased him. Clang! It was beautiful. He paused to admire it a moment before plunging it into the into the tub of water at his feet. It hissed as it touched the surface of the liquid. \"John!\" The blacksmith shook as though it were he that had been dunked into the water bath. \"Dad!\" he gasped. His father stood outside the circle of light, but the voice was unmistakable. As was the tone. John had heard it every night for nearly a week now. \"Is it really necessary for you to do that at this hour?\" A pause. \"No, sir.\" Mild irritation threaded through the older man's voice. \"Johnny, I told you before, you're not in Special Forces now. You don't need to 'sir' me.\" A beat, then. \"No,\" John agreed. \"You may not need to sleep, son, but other people do.\" He did need to sleep. If only he could. \"Finish that in the morning.\" It was an order. John nodded silently, and the ghostly figure of his father began to move away, back towards the house. \"Dad?\" his voice sounded in an awkward stage whisper. The dark figure paused, turning back. \"I'm sorry I woke you.\" An unamused snort acknowledged this apology. \"Try not to let it happen again.\" \"I won't,\" John promised. \"Sure. Until tomorrow night.\" The younger man bit his lip. \"Goodnight, Dad.\" \"Goodnight, son.\" John listened intently until he heard his father's footsteps retreating towards the house, then took his time about putting away his tools and banking the forge. But in the silence of the barn, he could hear again the rising noise of a crowded Saigon bar. Very deliberately, he blew out the lantern and settled himself on a bale of hay, his back braced against the barn wall. To wait. Just like every night. For the kid to come in. With his shoeshine box. ","Summary":" Author's Note: In My Father's house are many mansions….I go to prepare a place for you. –John 14:2 "},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Beast","Author":"Pink Maverick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11441460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beast John Rambo had promised himself a lot of things. First, that heartbreak was far more painful than any form of torture that he could've imagined- far worse than any war wounds he could've sustained in Vietnam or along the banks of the Burma. It was far more painful than anything he'd ever known in his life as a highly trained, full-blooded combat soldier. He imagined it was almost as painful as the thorn in Paul's side, mentioned in scripture – it wasn't the actual wound that hurt itself, but it was the reminder; the ever-present reminder that it was there that killed. Second, that he'd played with fire one too many times, experienced one too many burns to go back and play with it again. John had resigned himself to the fact that he was a man meant to live without anyone – meant to be alone and be unlovable, be the man to put himself on the line and risk dying when other's couldn't risk to die. It was like an entrancing spell playing over and over in his mind that was binding him, slowly killing his resolve to live, to continue here in this jungle, and fighting these serpents that God himself had cursed. Maybe that's what had happened: God had cursed him and his life was a result of that curse. This life was a result. Third, that he felt like lost; in a sense of hopelessness and darkness so thick it was suffocating him with memories, like a damp cloth forced over his face only to trick him into dying. Because, John Rambo knew that he was dying. He could feel it in his soul, like someone had taken a knife to him and was slowly, ever so slowly turning it and carving his heart to pieces. He felt like a beast lost in the blackness of his own state that he refused to be found by anyone. God had abandoned him, his hands so bloody God had withdrawn His own. He'd promised himself a lot. And, as such, he'd come to the fact that he was meant to walk the earth alone – that with him died his name, his legacy, and what was left of his soul – if monsters like him were allowed a soul. John felt as if it had been ripped out of him a long time ago and now he'd just forgotten what having a soul felt like. He felt untouchable, like a leper; untouchable and without hope, dying of a disease that had been killing him so long. As a result of such things, he'd promised himself he'd never love again, because love was dangerous – far more dangerous than any wars. It was dangerous for him; because he'd been burned by love before, for others; because he was loose cannon that no one could contain. Killing was as easy as breathing, sometimes easier when he was drowning in his own guilt's, his own concerns, his own despair. It was far easier to kill than to breathe when memories came back to haunt you and took you captive. After all, beasts needed to kill to keep on breathing, otherwise they'd die. In all of this, however, he desired to know completeness. To be rid of this loneliness, this darkness, this deep place within him that had consumed his thoughts. He remembered times when he wasn't this monster, this beast with bloody hands and a cursed existence – he remembered times, deep within himself, that he had loved people, that he had been loved. That he knew what peace was, that he hadn't killed to breathe, that he hadn't been caged in blackness. He remembered light – walking in it and experiencing its wholeness. He remembered lovingness and kindness, a soft and gentle voice inside him that had pressed him to love, to laugh, to live. A soft voice that had given him meaning, worth. A soft voice that had guided him when he'd been lost. He remembered this, but hadn't experienced it in so long that he'd forced himself to believe it had been all a dream. But now the only voices were the ones in the night, reminding him of whom he was and the blackness of his soul. The beastliness of his existence. He released the thick python from his hands, the animal jerking away as if he were the plague, a threat that was bigger than its constricting powers. It stared at him with thick, betraying eyes, throwing a haunting familiarity at his soul. Briefly, John wondered if that's what the feeling Adam had as Eve stared into his eyes, the serpent over her shoulder, making him question everything he knew about himself and his life. Turning from the serpent, he edged between the shelves containing all the serpent's he'd mastered in his lifetime of riding the river for new prospects. He bent and wrapped his hands around an empty, thick crate and lifted it on strong legs. Turning, he was about to set it on top of another crate when his eyes caught the doorway and his body tensed, frozen in place. Something within him stopped everything – every dark thought, every dark instinct, every piece of blackness that had enveloped him. He took in the figure in the doorway, wondering how on earth someone had been able to come up behind him without him even thinking about it – and why this person was dripping wet in his doorway. They stood there, the two of them, for a few moments before he roughly set the crate down and the figure came walking into the room. Tossing a look over their shoulder, they checked outside. Satisfied, the figure came into the room. Heavy footsteps were quick across the floor, darting; as if unsure of how or why they'd come here. Booted, they rattled the boards which made up the floor of the storage shed. He looked from them and up, following the legs until his eyes landed at the owner's own two. They were wide, exhausted looking, and panicked – scanning the room quickly as if calculating. His brow furrowed, curiosity piqued – as was his caution. What was this person doing here? He didn't like visitors. This person, a woman; dishevelled with a sheen coat of sweat covering her skin, was filthy in mud head to toe. Water lines came up above her breasts then stopped – he realized she was wet because she'd been in the river. Her hair was pulled up into a messy, knotted bun, with a bandana tied around her forehead, much like he himself wore, and she had a cross around her neck. A rag – he was guessing maybe a filthy shirt – was wrapped around her right arm, wet and dried with blood. Her expression was hard, and he noted the bow around her shoulders, a quiver complimenting it on her back. There was silence between them when she stopped, having come close enough to the stranger in the snake village. Her eyes locked on him, scanned him over, and he noticed she was American – complete with blue eyes and brown curly hair, the entire package. She looked down, to a large crate holding a rock python, and wrinkled her nose at it before drawing her attention back up to him. She parted her mouth to speak, but froze when something crashed outside the building – to the east, and it was close. This sent her ducking to her knees, down with the crates filled with snakes, and her breathing picked up. She moved along the floor in a military-type crawl, under she rounded the corner. He stared at her as if she had lost her mind – but with the same hard, torn expression he always had with strangers. He listened, however, when he heard sets of footfalls running outside, saw through the poorly designed walls of sticks and trees bodies pass – in military uniform. He recognized the language as having haled from the border of Burma. They left, swiftly, right past the snake ring, leaving him wondering what on earth this woman was doing and who she was – obviously she was wanted by the Burmese. He looked to her, as she stood slowly, watching, body tensed and braced. She'd drawn her bow without him even noticing, a hand placed behind her, poised to grab an arrow. His brow dropped at her and she gave him a sideways look. He wasn't about to speak first, but he wanted answers. Once satisfied she heard no Burmese soldiers, she draped the bow back through her shoulders and turned to face him. She was short, about five foot six inches, and had broad athletic shoulders, coupled with wide hips – a bit thick and pudgy for him to consider her a soldier, but by her get-up, he doubted she was. Her blue eyes reminded him of a cobalt paint job on a Ford, bright and sparkling and smooth. There was lightness about her eyes, though he assumed she wasn't a light person at all. She scanned him over and then puffed out a breath, running the wrapped wrist across her forehead. \"You must be John.\" She wasted no time with introductions, no time with formalities. Her voice was thick and raspy, deep – it reminded him of bourbon almost, the way it washed over him. He was not a man to be tempted by lusts of the flesh when it came to women, truth be told, but he hadn't seem a woman in…months. Since the missionaries. He hadn't been with a woman since he'd been here. The desire had left him the more bloody he got his hands – no woman wanted a beast. That she knew his name surprised him – so much so that he couldn't maintain his usual scowl. It broke instantly, his brows rising slightly. Something piqued within him, nervousness; an anxiety that something from his past had crept up on him. This woman knew his name and where he was and he'd never laid eyes on her before. She'd crept up on him as if he'd been a civilian with no military or combat training. His stomach pitted, dropped into his feet, and stirred sour. He felt uneasy, and his figures pricked. She continued. \"My name is Evangeline Roman.\" She stuck out her hand. It hung there for a few moments before he looked at it. He searched her eyes and what he found wasn't hostility or anger or anything hidden – her eyes were entirely open, ready for him to fall into and lose himself in. They were welcoming and soft, despite the hardness of her demeanour – like a seasoned war veteran or someone who had graduated from Hard Knocks. Slowly he gave her his hand and they shook – firmly. \"What are you doing here?\" His tone was much darker and raspier than he would've preferred to give to a woman, but then again, she wasn't exactly a debutante. He had a right to be alarmed, concerned – she had, after all, barged into his workplace unannounced and uninvited. She smiled at him, softly; revealing straight teeth that were a white he'd forgotten was attainable. Her chuckle was light as she looked around the room, \"I guess this isn't exactly what I expected when he told me you were a snake charmer.\" Her hands unfolded on either side of her as if she were showing him, \"But I guess he wasn't exactly specific.\" He frowned at her now, his eyes flashing darkness. He expected it to repel her, or at least catch her off guard. Instead, she smiled at him again, her eyes scanning his own – throwing him for a whirl. She was supposed to be afraid of him; he was supposed to be dark and uninviting. But, instead, her eyes beckoned him with light and softness. He narrowed his eyes at her. \"I asked you a question.\" As if a woman like this, who had bounded into this shack with a boy and quiver, looking like she'd walked out of a war would care about his demands. A quick thought dashed into his mind – that she could be a spy, that he should kill her right now and be done with it. But, it quickly left his mind as he doubted everything that came crashing into his brain. A woman with such eyes and airiness to her didn't spy or kill people. No. She frowned at him, \"If you'd give me five seconds to collect myself I have an answer,\" she spat at him. This shocked him, but not so much as to move him. Every combat orientation within him prickled to life – he felt half motivated to pull a knife on her and get her out of here. But, she stooped to the ground instead and stuck her fingers in alongside her boot, and wiggled them around for a few moments. \"I have something for you.\" Had something for him? Who was this woman? His brow dropped into not just a crinkled frown, but an all out scowl. He didn't like this – her being here unannounced, her presence, her lightness amidst such a hard personality, her package, the Burmese after her. He could smell something in the air and he wasn't sure he liked it one bit, or if it was safe. The last thing he needed was another war, another fight – more blood. She stood and moved the object from hand to hand, looking at it. It was muddy and wet, but small – a book. He looked at it in her hands, and she took her dirty fingers and brushed aside some of the wet mud off the cover. It was brown, leather, and thick. Something within him recoiled as he realized what that book was, and he looked back to her, his face still hard. \"I was told you needed this.\" She extended it to him, her raspy voice calm and collected, matter-of-fact. Her eyes locked onto his, and they stayed there – unafraid and undaunted. They were sure and strong and pure, piercing his soul and biting away at the hard core pitted in his chest, that had erected so, so long ago. \"How did you get here?\" He didn't move for the book in her hands, didn't move at all, actually. He was still leaning against the stack of crates filled with slithering serpents, so mellow and slick in their existence. She gave him a half smile and pulled the back to her, looking down at it and swiping at the mud and dirt still around it. \"You wouldn't believe me if I told you.\" Was her simple reply. He snuffed out a breath as if he were an enraged animal, \"Try me.\" She sighed, raked a hand across her scalp and loosened her bun with her fingers. She shifted her weight, spreading her feet a shoulder's width apart, and crossing her arms over the book at her chest. She looked towards the door and then to the snakes, shaking her head slightly. She looked back up to him, \"You know Thailand and Burma aren't exactly open to Christian missionaries, right?\" He could see where this was going, and he didn't like it. But, when she didn't reply, he decided to appease her. \"Yeah. They've closed the borders since the war.\" She nodded, her eyes shifting from him to a vacant stare for a brief moment before shifting back to him. \"Well, they're not exactly closed to everyone. Humanitarian efforts and other causes are coming through with special clearances and licenses to do work.\" She pulled a thumb to herself, \"And people, like myself, are coming into these countries and doing…work.\" \"You don't look like you build houses, if that's what you're hinting at.\" She chuckled at him, pointing a finger and wagging it at him, \"See; now I knew you weren't as dark and foreboding as he made you out to be.\" He frowned at her, his eyes flashing at the mention of this person, and the smile dropped off her face, \"But, then again, I've known you five minutes.\" \"Do you have a point?\" He asked, agitated. She nodded, \"Yes, I do,\" she gestured around the room again, \"You so eager to get back to your pets?\" He glared at her now, \"No – I'm eager to figure out who's standing in the middle of my building talking as if she knows who I am,\" he stepped towards her roughly, expecting her to back down just a bit. She didn't move, or flinch, just locked eyes with him – instead he halted. He stopped when she opened the book with a finger and turned it towards him. He glanced down, and found a plastic ID badge wedged into the spine. He read it: Evangeline Roman, Board of Education. \" You're a teacher,\" he confirmed rudely. \"I got into Burma with an alias,\" she interjected quickly, shaking her head. She pulled out the ID and whipped it into the corner of the room. They both watched it flitter to the floor before she continued. \"I'm not a teacher or a doctor or an architect. I'm actually an author from Minnesota.\" Her statement hit him like a load of bricks, registering it in his mind. Her eyes locked with his and she became stone-cold serious. \"I'm an undercover missionary, John.\" He couldn't believe it. \"A what?\" She sighed, \"Undercover missionaries go into closed access countries to bring the gospel of Jesus Christ to unreached people groups,\" her eyes shifted towards the door, \"I've been here for six weeks,\" her shoulders slumped forward slightly as if they were exhausted. He groaned and put a hand to his face. Another missionary? How come it was he always got tangled up with these people – these stupid people who made stupid decisions by coming into these hostile countries unarmed and unprotected. He tuned away from her and shook his head before turning back to her, \"The Burmese are looking for you.\" She nodded slowly. \"I've been in a Burmese camp for three days,\" she swallowed, closing the book, \"They're trying to figure out why I'm here.\" She looked away, \"But,\" she looked back to him, her eyes blasting him with compassion. She stepped towards him, put a hand on his arm, and squeezed it gently, \"But, I know why I'm here. I'm here for you.\" He snorted sarcastically, \"Me?\" He jerked a thumb towards himself, and then turned from her, waving her off. The woman was entirely insane, and she could leave for all he cared. If she was stupid enough to come into Thailand with the Burmese after her, that was her problem. He bent to grab another crate and replace it next to the others. She followed, her boots heavy on the floor, \"I'm not interested,\" he interjected as she parted her mouth to speak, \"I'm not religious.\" She frowned at him, \"Who said anything about religion?\" she interjected quickly. He set the crate down after passing her, and turned to move again and complete the same task, when she stopped him by putting an arm up to block his way, braced against a cobra cage. Her eyes darted when the serpent flicked its tongue at her, but she didn't move. He, frozen in place, glared at her. \"I'm here because God wants to help you, John.\" \"God hasn't helped me before – what makes you think I need Him now?\" He hissed at her as if she were s serpent. The animal within him, the dark and bloodthirsty animal ran laps through his brain, telling him she was just another person who didn't understand, just another person who felt guilty. She wanted to fix him, when in all reality, he couldn't be fixed. He fixated his eyes on her and then demanded, \"Who told you about me?\" She shook her head, \"No one,\" she dropped her hand when he was unmoving, rooted in his place. She swallowed and ran her hand across the book again. \"I had a dream and God showed me your face.\" He sighed and rolled his eyes. So she was a religious fanatic. He moved past her. \"I'm not insane, if that's what you're thinking,\" She came up behind him, him stopping and turning around, sighing and letting his head fall back, \"God told me there was a man named John working in Thailand who needed Him, and that I could find him amongst serpents as a snake charmer,\" she chuckled, \"He told me you were a Saul.\" Saul. He remembered the character from Scripture as a boy. Paul was a man of principle and law, a man bent on slaughtering Christian's who claimed to follow Jesus Christ, the Messiah and One True King. He murdered hundreds of Jews and Christ-followers in his time, had massive amounts of blood on his hands. He'd lived to kill, this man had, and John remembered hearing of him. The man later came to know the Messiah and follow Him whole-heartedly, with an insane amount of devotion. Yes, John remembered hearing of the man, though it had been a long, long time since he'd read scripture. He must've shown his understanding, because she smiled at him and nodded, \"You know who Saul is,\" she said, pointing at the book, \"You've read this?\" He frowned at her, \"Yeah. I'm an American. There are Bibles where I come from.\" The woman nodded, \"Good. Then you know the man who came to Saul on the road to Damascus had the same vision from God,\" she extended the book to him, \"to go and preach to the man named Saul and heal his blindness, so God could use him.\" She pulled a thumb back to herself, \"Not so different, is it?\" He looked up from the book to her. It wasn't so different – he believed God still talked to people and did miracles and appeared to individuals, all that. He wasn't an atheist. He knew God existed. He'd known God before he became a combat soldier, as a younger, inexperienced man. His mother had been insistent on church when he was growing up and he'd been raised on it. He knew who God was – and he also knew God had abandoned him a long, long time ago. \"You want me to believe that God sent you here for me?\" He spat at her, his tone harsh and unbelieving, \"You don't even know me. And if you did, you'd know why I'm so speculative.\" He turned to go back to work, expecting her to sit and process his statement. She didn't. \"Well, I do know that God helped me escape a prison camp and outrun the Burmese army to get me here, and if you call that coincidence, then you've got another thing coming.\" she nodded, gesturing with her hands, \"And I know that the man I saw in my dream was you. You're name is John, correct?\"It was a rhetorical question. He didn't answer it. She nodded in affirmation, \"So there you have it. Yes, I believe God had me risk my life, draw an arrow in the face of a Burmese General, and wade through a river with enough creatures to kill the general population for you .\" She narrowed her eyes at him, \"And I don't care what you've done in your lifetime. I don't care if you've got the bloodiest hands this side of Timbuktu. God still loves you and wants you to come back to Him.\" They were quiet a long time, his back to her, until she responded, \"…because you've abandoned God, haven't you?\" He looked slightly over his shoulder at her, unwilling to turn around. Everything she said resounded in his empty soul like an echo that had been calling out across eternity. She was right – he'd killed hundreds of people. He had bloody hands – far bloodier ones than most people did. He'd done shameful things and killed to breathe, lived to kill – he'd been trained that way. It'd been programmed inside of him not to care, not to have compassion – to be a stone cold killing machine and not blink an eye. God couldn't love a man like him – he was worse than Saul. After all, God hadn't been around when he'd been tortured and programmed to be a combat soldier – hadn't been around when all he'd wanted to do was go home and forget this entire place. Hadn't been around when every part of him had been ripped out and replaced with a foreigner. No, he hadn't abandoned God – he'd been waiting for God. And He'd never shown up. Her question hung in the air like a time bomb, ticking away at both of them, ready to explode. Her eyes searched his own and he finally broke her stare, turning from her. He didn't want to think about God, or forgiveness, or everything she was saying – it reminded him of a place within himself he used to know, a someone he used to be a long time ago before any of this had happened. It constricted his throat and threw his heart into a rueful burst of speed. This woman didn't know him – didn't know his list of crimes. And, if she did, she'd understand why he was beyond reaching. Why everything she was saying was unbelievable, beyond his scope of believability. If she was even capable of understanding the amounts of blood on his hands, she'd understand why he was so bitter and hopeless. Because he was without hope. He felt the floor move beneath her as she came towards him, \"You can believe what you want – that God doesn't care and that you're beyond reach, some, some,\" she fumbled for the right word, \"- beast that's unreachable and beyond His grace. You can even believe God's abandoned you, fine. Just know that what you're believing is false and it's not true. God loves you enough to keep reaching out to you after everything you've done and He'll continue to do so.\" The floor shifted again, and in his peripheral vision he saw her turn from him and head towards the door, not before dropping something on top of a crate holding a massive python, \"Don't put God in a box, John. Don't tell him who He can save and who He can't save.\" She rapped her knuckles on top of the book, \"Because the biggest mistake you could ever make.\" When he finally got the nerve to turn around to face her, she was gone. ","Summary":" Beast John Rambo had promised himself a lot of things. First, that heartbreak was far more painful "},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"The Journey, The Path, The Savior","Author":"Little Gem Magnolia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11372291","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Journey, The Path, The Savior Disclaimer: I do not own Rambo, any of the characters and of course I don't own the prayer of Saint Francis. (It should all be pretty self-explanatory by now, really.) Summary: Faith is a tricky little thing. It relies heavily on simply believing and we always seem to lose it when we need it the most. Luckily there is always a light at the end of the tunnel to guide the lost but it is only visible to those who are ready . He is now ready. Author's Note: I've loved Rambo for years, ever since I was little, but I've never thought of writing anything for it. It's one of those cases where it's so good you don't want to write a fanfic but I was watching the fourth movie recently and it got me to thinking. Sarah and the missionaries really play a big part in relation to John and his lost faith. I simply love watching his spiritual journey play out on his face throughout the movie and Sarah is very insistent on wanting to bring him back into the fold of humanity so I find it hard to believe that her care, consideration and concern stopped when the credits rolled. That's pretty much how this was born and I really hope everyone enjoys reading it. 0000 Lord, make me your instrument of peace. Where there is hatred, let me bring love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; where there is sadness, joy. Grant that I may not seek to be consoled as to console, to be understood as to understand, to be loved as to love. For it is in giving that we receive; it is in dying that we awake to eternal life. 0000 She didn't know him, not really so it was purely on impulse that she had started writing him. The situation was strange, hard to explain and altogether awkward but exchanging a wave across yards of bloodied ground was an insufficient goodbye in her book, especially after all that had transpired. He had saved her life and the lives of her friends at the risk of his own and that kind of selflessness was hard to find. She couldn't let it go unappreciated. She had so much to say, so much to thank him for. It was with this in mind that she had trekked back to the snake village in search of him. The men in the village had been completely clueless as to his whereabouts and the men who'd helped him work his boat hadn't been much better. They'd told her he'd simply packed up and left in the middle of the night without a word, leaving his boat with them. The news had practically devastated her and a hollow feeling had settled in the pit of her stomach but she'd smiled anyway as she'd absently inquired after his surname. Disappearing in the dead of night sounded like him, or what she knew of him anyway. The villagers were infinitely more helpful concerning this information and she'd left Thailand a second time with a quiet determination to find the Vietnam War veteran from Arizona named John Rambo. He'd been right when he'd told her that Bowie was a small place and she assumed she'd been lucky that there had only been one Rambo to be found. It had been with a strange sort of optimism that she'd desperately taken a chance that Richard Rambo was the father he'd told her about on the long ride to Burma. It had been a shot in the dark and she'd been completely aware of the fact that she could have been spilling her guts to the wrong household, that whoever found the letter could think she was crazy but she'd had to try. The first letter was supposed to have been the last. She'd set out merely to thank him for everything he'd done. She'd wanted to let him know that his bravery hadn't been forgotten, would never be forgotten by her and that, while she still clung to her religion with an iron fist, knowing him had taught her a lot. That the things he'd said had resonated with her; that she still heard his words and learned from them daily. She'd felt lighter as she'd signed her name and sealed the envelope, like a weight had been lifted and she'd only hoped that her words made him feel the same way. She hadn't received a reply but, then again, she hadn't really expected to. Even if the letter had by some chance reached him, he was a quiet, reserved man. She may as well have been writing to a ghost. The second letter could only have been described as written diarrhea. She'd woken in the middle of the night, drenched in sweat and panting as though she'd run a marathon. It had been a bad dream, or maybe a flashback and her thoughts had most literally been all over the place. It hadn't been the first time, and she'd been sure it wouldn't be the last. Her therapist had referred to it as a form of PTSD while Michael had called it a crisis of faith. Putting a name to it didn't really matter, though, it had shaken her to her very core and she'd known of only one person in the entire world who would understand so she'd picked up her pen and had started to write. In the end it had been a jumbled, confusing mess of nonsense that, once again, she could have been sending to the wrong house - and then they really would think she was crazy - but she'd signed her name and sent it anyway. This time an answer had found its way into her mailbox, and in rather short order. She'd smiled at his unique brand of comfort, deeply touched at his willingness to share just a small portion of his own experience with post trauma stress and, as a result, had grinned the whole day. That one shared experience had opened a doorway and proved to be the beginning of a correspondence that was tenuous, irregular and often heavily one-sided but comfortable and from then on he always wrote her back. Time passed and before she'd known it, a year had gone by with him as her secret confidant. They'd talked of nothing overly important during the course of their friendship but one day that all changed. He slowly began to open up to her about Vietnam, the aftermath and his long acquaintance with a man he viewed as a father. She could read through the lines in his story and surmise on her own just how and why he'd lost his faith in not only God but humanity as well. She could have probably even pinpointed the exact event that had pushed him into the state she and the others had found him in. His growing ease and familiarity warmed her heart and she instinctively knew what this new level in their relationship meant. She wasn't sure how but something told her that he was finally ready . To her it was a sign: he was ready to rediscover his faith and she was determined to help him, no matter what. It didn't matter that she could only be with him through pen and paper, she would help and she would never give up on him. After all, he hadn't given up on her and it was only appropriate that she would be the one to help him; she owed him. Even the strongest and most devout go through a time when they have doubts, insecurities. Doubts are a normal part of life, they're even expected but it is imperative that even through the dark and downright unpleasant parts of faith, each individual finds something to believe in. Burma had been full of doubts. In fact it had been one huge doubt and, at her lowest, there had been only one thing that she'd had faith in: him . He would come for them. He would come for her. He would never leave her behind. He had been a dark guardian angel in an unbelievably dark world and he had saved her, in every sense of the word. As strange as it sounded, this man that she barely knew had saved her faith and now it was her turn to save his. 0000 Reviews are lovely. ","Summary":" The Journey, The Path, The Savior Disclaimer: I do not own Rambo, any of the characters and of cour"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"The Raven: An Addendum to Rambo (First Blood Part II)","Author":"LeadtheFollower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9423040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He watched him walk away, like he had so many times before. \"I'm as much a part of this as he is,\" Trautman thought to himself, \"I've got to catch up with him, can't let him go.\" Not right away though, no Colonel Samuel Trautman had been through this before with John Rambo, his former Staff Sergeant in the Special Forces. \"That maniac!\" Murdock came barreling towards Trautman shouting. \"He could have killed someone! Could've killed—\" \"—you,\" Trautman finishes for him. \"Always concerned with others Marshall, that's what I admire about you.\" Trautman spoke stone-faced. \"Fuck you, you smart ass, the 'best you've ever seen' is a damn lunatic and I'll see to it he goes back to jail after this. He violated orders and attacked a government official! You hear me you nutjob!\" Murdock shouted frantically at Rambo, \"I'm the director of Special Ops dammit! I own you! Your ass is going back to jail permanently!\" Murdock shook as he lit a cigar. You could tell he needed it badly. Rambo may or may not have heard him. The two watched his back and saw John getting smaller and smaller. He never changed from his due north positioning once, unflinchingly heading to Bangkok. \"Hell of a sense of humor you spineless opportunist. That man walking away is a hero. He just saved several souls from a hell you'd have left them to and we will see to it you find all of the others!\" Trautman stared at him in a commanding pose. Murdock's jaw dropped, his cigar fell to the ground. He was now completely aware of the psychic connection between the two. Rambo kept walking due north. His smoldering anger was fueling his every step. Man on a mission, but his mission was accomplished. ","Summary":" He watched him walk away, like he had so many times before. \"I'm as much a part of this as he is,"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"The Boatman","Author":"The Legendary Miko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11355168","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Any of you boys want to shoot, now's the time. There isn't one of us that doesn't want to be someplace else. But this is what we do, who we are. Live for nothing, or die for something. Your call.\" There is a momentary pause in which the rest of the mercenaries take a chance to fully glance around and mentally ask each other the question they were all thinking. Who was this guy? What was this guy? Of course, School Boy is the first to open his goddamned mouth – he did it at the bar when Diaz was finally about to score, why wouldn't he do it here? – and quite possibly get them into much deeper shit than before. \"Are we,\" He whispers to Reese, \"supposed to like respond to that or something? You know, like salute or thump our chests?\" \" Why would we respond to that is a better question,\" Reese mutters back, all while shooting wary glances at the man holding their leader at… arrow point . He momentarily forgets that it might be wiser if they were to simply shut their traps and slowly back away . \"It's Lewis' eye that's in danger, not mine. Plus the boatman's fingers seem a little too twitchy for my tastes. He could turn that shit on us any second.\"He was restarting to rethink this whole grab-and-rescuse mission they were on. Honestly, they didn't really need the money, not when the cost was starting to get steeper with every step they plunged into the dark and demented slums of Burma. Plus, he wasn't too fond of Lewis either. Arrogant ass still owed him fifty dollars. En-Joo, deciding that since neither his companions apparently had the wish to live, it lies with him to save all their asses, promptly elbows them both hard into their sides, shutting them up immediately, a feat only accomplished due to the long slaving hours of working side-by-side. Meanwhile, Diaz, being Diaz, has already relocated himself two feet away from the whole mess; still progressively inching backwards even while they shoot him looks of contempt. He glares back. He's not the idiot in this situation. Nope. Not this time. He remembers all too well what happened last time they were up against a jacked-up psycho hell-bent on proving he was the walking god of war on earth. 'Course, last time they were facing a trigger-happy Aussie waging war on the endangered 'roos with goals of Outback poaching domination, but still – crazy was crazy – and he quite liked having his balls still attached to him. \"What's your call?\" And Lewis' sass has Diaz cringing instinctively, his hand jamming in his pocket forward, an attempt to cup protectively around his junk without bringing too much attention. He ignores School Boy's snickering, the bastard knows fully well he'd be shielding his jewels too if he'd been through what he had. \"Let's move.\" So they do. Immensely relieved they hadn't poked the viper too much or too hard this time – yet. 0000000 En-Joo is the first to notice their group dynamics shifting, but he stays quiet because to bring up such an issue, now , would most likely lead to their deaths. Besides, what does he care if School Boy follows the boatman with eyes of hero worship. As long as it doesn't get either of them killed, School Boy could pretty much do whatever he damn well pleased, especially since his sniping skills were a thing to be gravely reckoned with. It's when they're about to leave the boatman and what's-her-face behind, when the others begin to notice too. By then, it's too late. Lewis doesn't miss a beat. \"He knew the deal.\" School Boy is infuriated. He can't believe what he's hearing and he turns to the others, sure they'll back him up. Comrades are comrades, right? In School Boy's eyes, the boatman is one of them now. That means all the rules of honor and basic fucking decency should apply. Regardless of the situation, leave no man behind. He knew that. They knew that. Reese's eyes slide away from his and Diaz's seem too jittery as they bounce all 'round refusing to stare him straight on. Even En-Joo resigns himself to shying away from his heated gaze and looking at the ground. He gets it though. Everyone just wants to collect their payment and go home. They're mercenaries for a reason. Still. It hurts. Though, there is comfort, in that at least, En-Joo could see that what they were doing was wrong . \"We came together,\" He finds himself growling, \"We fucking leave together!\" \"Your Life. Let's go.\" When they go, rescued missionaries trailing pitifully after them, Diaz and Reese spare him a look back, a silent apology and farewell in their eyes. He doesn't need to see to know that En-Joo hasn't done the same, the implied good luck, kid hitting him in the chest as always when he decides to do something reckless. Fortunately, he doesn't need it. Unfortunately, they do. ","Summary":" \"Any of you boys want to shoot, now's the time. There isn't one of us that doesn't want to be some"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Rambo 5 the returning of john Rambo","Author":"guame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11078069","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rambo 5 the returning of john Rambo (I write this because i hav e herd that it's making a new rambo movie and i want to do a tribute because rambo is one of my favorite movie saga ever and i like to write a story of how i think the new movie shoul be) Rambo was older than in the 4th movie but still was an strong man ready to fight for the good things in the world and was feeling bad bcause he saw that now USA is not a good country with the people and the rest of the countires also are not good, so john rambo left his house and retired to a place in the nature in a country that is not America nor Europe but in the south of Asia, where he was feeling better with everythink. But that new place not healed his feels at all because he thouhgt that he had to do something to help \"i can not stay here doing nothing and the world is dying around, i have to think in a plan\" says rambo to himself. So rambo started going in action and he picked up his old guns that still worked and put is bandana in his head and covered with camouflage entered the jungle and went up to China where he entered the great wall without being seen and now was in China ready to fight the injustices there. He saw the opression that the communism was doing to the people there so he asked the people \"why do you make what the tyrants wants you to do?\" asked rambo, \"because leader is good for us he told that capitalism slaves peoples and ruin them\" the people said. Rambo was thinking because that was half true too and finally said \"But life can be better with they not in the government\" rambo told the people and they agreed and started a revolution and kill the china dictator and thanked rambo a lot. Rambo had to goaway because the chineses peoples made him questionate alot of things and went back to the USA and whent to the white house where the president is and said to him \"president i fought for usa many years and defended it but now this country is not what i deffended, make people live happy or fight me!\" rambo shouted. \"No rambo, we need the money and if they are living happy we are with no money\" mr president said. Then Rambo was angry and shot president whit his AK47 that he had and went away quickly before the guards arrive because he was too fast for them. At first he was considered a criminal but soon was forgot and people started tho thanked him because it was a good life now without president. Now communism and capitalism were not ruling the world and other countries do the same and made an anarchist world where the people were happy and not opressed and rambo retired again but this time happy because he made the world a best place. ","Summary":" Rambo 5 the returning of john Rambo (I write this because i hav e herd that it's making a new rambo"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Home Never Changes","Author":"tempestquill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5709556","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Rambo, the concept was originally David Morrel's, and then along came Sylvester Stallone and the film industry... Author's Notes: Based off Rambo, the new movie, not the fantastic book entitled First Blood by David Morrell (obviously, considering how in the book Rambo's real father was a shit head, and Rambo kinda bites the bullet along with Sheriff Teasle…) \"Home Never Changes, Just the Soldiers Going Back\" By C.K. Blake He remembers walking down a similar road once long ago, being hassled by the local sheriff, making a stand in a world that had become unfamiliar, that called him baby killer and spat on him for his struggle to survive in a conflict that his country had insisted on getting involved in, and the result of that? Nothing was ever really resolved. Things are different this time around, coming home. There are no picket lines. No damn protesters. He's still a wanderer, driftless, doesn't know how long he'll stick around. He only knows this is necessary, part of accepting who he really is, reconciling it with all he's become over the years. The road behind him is long, dusty, and drenched with blood, and here he stands at the end of a small dirt road that leads to his home, his father's farm. He's staring at a beat up mailbox. R. Rambo scrawled on the side of it. He takes in a breath, wonders what awaits him at the end of this old, familiar and altogether new road ahead of him. He shifts the pack further up his shoulder and takes that first step onto the dusty dirt road. Each step becomes easier. It's a long walk, a fair stretch for his legs, but he's used to walking. He's used to a lot of things, running through trees, crawling through underbrush, swimming through bloody swampland, dodging bullets. There isn't much that he hasn't seen and done in his time. He carries the scars, and he's haunted by the nightmares. This bright, sunny stretch of peaceable land, it's more foreign to him than Vietnam or any jungle ever was. He can't help the wonder that fills his gut, because he should remember this land, this life, from his childhood, but he's a man, and he feels as though he was born a man, his childhood long snatched and burned away from him. He soon finds himself standing at the wooden steps of his childhood home, the front porch stretching along the front of the house, a wooden swing hanging from the rafters. That seems new to him, even though it's obviously weather beaten and worn. He steps up onto the porch, the boards creaking beneath his feet, and a few minutes later the front door is pulled open, and there's a kid, maybe ten or so, a boy with shaggy hair hanging in his eyes, looking out curiously through the screened-in storm door. He rubs at his eyes like he's just woken up. John looks at the kid, remembers a time when hair worn that long on a boy was damn near a crime. Times have certainly changed. A smile tugs at his mouth. A woman in her mid to late thirties comes up behind the boy, her hair dark and peppered with some gray, her face worn with age and maybe a few hard times, and she pulls the boy back against her and looks up at John. He tilts his head, wondering who this woman could be, and who the boy could be for that matter, especially since the mailbox still reads R. Rambo. \"May I help you?\" she asks, suspicion hovering in her voice as she notices the bag slung over his shoulder. He smiles and nods as he drops the bag at his feet, and says, \"Yeah, I'm looking for my Dad. He used to own this place. I grew up here.\" The woman's dark eyes widen, and her mouth falls open as she stares at him in shock. It takes her a moment to shake her head to clear it and then she says, \"Johnny? You're Johnny? But Daddy always said you were dead. You died in that war, Vietnam.\" John looks at her in confusion for a moment and says, \"Yeah, I'm John. Is Raymond Rambo here?\" She licks her lips and nods. \"Yeah, Dad's out back with the horses, still active as ever. I'm Karen, your sister, and this guy right here, he's my son Michael. Daddy used to tell me stories about how you were growing up and how he lost you to the war, and then he met my Momma and I came along.\" \"He's right. He did lose me in the war. I lost me in the war. It's been a long time since I've been to the states. At first I didn't think I was welcomed here. I caused a scene once, landed in prison, then I ended up back in Vietnam, and figured I'd stay.\" \"Well, I'm glad you found your way back home, Johnny. Dad's always talked about you. He was always proud of you. He missed you, and he'll be glad to see you. Just come on round back,\" she says, and then she leans down, whispers something to Michael and the boy gives him a curious look before he disappears into the house as she steps out, the storm door creaking behind her as she leads him around back to their father. He doesn't really have much to say as they round the house, and then he sees the old man leading a horse out from the barn toward the corral. Something tightens in John's chest. His dad's gotten older, but then again, so has he. He doesn't know how to approach his father, this old life that he never got a chance to have. All he knows is fighting, blood, conflict, endless killing. How does he come home when there's so little left of his humanity? His father turns around at Karen's shout, and John doesn't have it in him to just turn around and walk away, to meld into the wide-open scenery and disappear. Not with the way his father is looking at him. Shock, hope, and even wonder in his rheumy eyes. Rambo thinks maybe this is how the P.O.W.'s felt in coming home and being claimed by their families. Something breaks inside of him as his father approaches him and the old man's arms close around him, tight in a firm, proud, grateful embrace. Maybe Trautman had it right. You're not whole until you accept who you are and find your way home. This old man weeping for him, for the son he thought he lost and found again, this is home, and it doesn't matter whether or not he leaves or he stays, he's found a part of who he used to be still remains. That's enough, there's a part of him the scars don't touch. That's more than enough. Home never changes, only the soldiers that come home do. End. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Rambo, the concept was originally David Morrel's, and then along came Sylv"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Shooting Stars and Artillery","Author":"DaMan30026","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6500021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shooting Stars and Artillery As I gazed at the sky, I realized the horror of how trapped I was. Tomorrow I was to be interrogated. I don't want to give them information, but I've been here for three years. I don't know how much more I can take. I guess I could feed them false information. But then again, I haven't seen combat for three years. I don't know anything anymore. Why are they going to do that to me? They should realize I can't give credible information. Unless… shit… now they're just torturing me. I looked back up to watch a shooting star fly overhead. I watched it fly by. Then there was a following streak of light. It began falling out of the sky. It crashed into the central command building of the camp. A screaming NVA soldier came running out of the building as it exploded. He turned and watched the building be engulfed in flames. A moment later his head came off. The familiar sound of a glass-packed M14 went off in the distance. NVA began running frantically in circles wondering what to do. I looked at the rest of the POWs and nodded. \"Help is coming guys,\" I said. \"Help is finally coming.\" ","Summary":" Shooting Stars and Artillery As I gazed at the sky, I realized the horror of how trapped I was. Tom"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Release","Author":"xxLederJackenxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8936802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Arizona sun beat the desert like a thousand burning stones. The dry air whistled furtively through the arms of cacti and across rocks jutting out of the gold-red carpet. Sand whipped along these winds, dancing across the landscape, waltzing past the mountains painted with the noonday sun, and skipping through the fences of the only manmade structure for miles. A way down a road buried by sand and reclaimed by the desert, a car approached. It was an impressive sight; as the sedan's glinting black roof reflected a cloudless sky, the tires threw silt into its wake. The image was of a vehicle driving through a sienna ocean. Dust swirled in the air behind like sea foam or steam after a rain. The car stopped at the end of a worn, dirt path that led from the building to the road. Down that way the fences rose up like silvery nets, sharp and formidable. They surrounded a large building, as gray as the atmosphere surrounding it, and closed in a quarter-mile-long yard. Guard towers connected each side of fence at the corners. Barbed wire dominated. The passenger door of the sedan opened, and a woman climbed out. She was young, around her thirties. Dark waves fell past her shoulders, covering a name stitched into her jacket. Her hair was picked up in the wind, catching on the glasses she took out as protection against the unyielding sun. A moment later, a man opened the driver's side door. He was older than her and much more aged. There was a leather toughness to his face and skin that told you this was a man who had seen more than was his to see. Despite the creases on his forehead and between his eyes, he didn't look tired or worn, but venerable; experienced. He was dressed in a full military uniform, looking much more official and severe than his female counterpart. She wore worn blue jeans and a rugged, olive fatigue. Her aviators caught ghosts of movement as she impatiently began to unbutton it in the desert heat. The two stood there for what could have been hours. They would look at each other and say a few words every couple of minutes, check the time, and glance at the gray building at regular intervals. They were waiting for something. The woman grew impatient. She sighed and leaned on the roof of the car. She watched the sand fly by on the desert wind. She tapped a rhythm with her fingers against the roof. The man wasn't so restless. He leaned back against the door, taking in the setting with the placidity of age. The attention of the pair was stolen by the fence. Its enormous, wired gates creaked with repentance as they opened on hinges worn by sand. A man emerged from the building, walking briskly toward the open gate. The woman's fingers froze in their tune, her attention to this man taken somewhat like a dog to a tennis ball. She straightened, and quickly, with hands that trembled slightly, ripped off her sunglasses. The man being watched hadn't noticed them yet. He kept his eyes on the ground as he walked, pausing a moment in his stride to adjust the pack he carried. The woman was agitated. She took a step forward, then paused, as if unsure of whether to wait or to approach. She made her choice when he looked up. Once he reached the open gate he lifted his chin toward to sky, as if he had been waiting for this moment specifically to savor it in this way. His eyes met the blue sky- bluer than the purest ocean; a cloudless, free, unbidden blue- for a small moment before snapping back down to earth and the two people and the black sedan. He froze upon seeing them, just outside the gates. The woman's foot hit the road's shoulder with a sandy thud. The sunglasses were left, forgotten, on the ground. She was racing toward the man now- a lithe, powerful, graceful run- her canvas sneakers a black and white blur. Dust billowed in her wake, creating airborne clouds; ghosts left of each footfall. The two met with enough force to break down a door. He stumbled backwards as her weight hit him with the strength and speed of a gazelle. She wrapped her legs around him and buried herself in his neck. He embraced her back, pressing his face to her hair. The other man, the driver, watched this heart-wrenchingly goofy scene from the car, hands in pockets, a slick smile on his respectable face. His chin was tilted in a satisfied, almost egotistical way. The smile faded to something more guarded as the two approached; wider, yet contrary to his features. It was drawn back, hidden; a fake smile to cover the real one. The car left dust swirls in its wake. The noonday sun glared down at the black roof; the desert wind pulled at the strong fence and gray building. The car drove on through the sienna ocean, back the way it came. ","Summary":" The Arizona sun beat the desert like a thousand burning stones. The dry air whistled furtively thro"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"The Soldier of My Five Senses","Author":"Ms BB Sharp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5880686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Solider of My Five Senses Movies: Rambo 4 Characters: Sarah Miller/John Rambo Sarah's POV: Taste He is part of my identity. The sweet-salty taste of his cinnamon colored skin still lingers on my tongue. This may seem hedonistic but the simplest way to explain the taste of my soldier is that he has become habit the more I consume the more I must have. Smell John's smell is intoxicating. I can't get enough of it. When he is away from me I find myself smelling his old Army coat and olive green shirt. His scent provides a comfort like no other. Touch His touch I so magical, the strangest things happen when he wraps his muscle-clad arms around my waist. My knees want to buckle but my mind will not allow it. See When I see him, I get so weak. Blood starts racing through my veins. When he smiles it makes me feel like a little girl. Hear His voice is strong, firm, and velvet like. It's something about its power that chases away my fears at night and knows my every want and desire before I can even think them myself. This is my lover, John Rambo and the Soldier of my Five Senses The End ","Summary":" The Solider of My Five Senses Movies: Rambo 4 Characters: Sarah Miller/John Rambo Sarah's POV: Tast"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Le tournage de Styl Ramby","Author":"Jay's Lee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7057018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Styl Ramby Styl Ramby était un acteur. Il a commencé assez tôt dans quelques films, rien de très « concret » comme le disent les gens sérieux. Après quelques rôles qui le firent connaître du public, il devint producteur. Un producteur et acteur Américain de films d'action. Il connu le succès et s'acquis une solide réputation. Son ambition grandissante de divertir les gens et son esprit aventureux le poussa à réaliser un nouveau film, qui se déroulerait au Vietnam… Il entreprit un casting au cours duquel il sélectionna les acteurs, puis entreprit des démarches assez longues. Enfin, après de longs mois de travail et d'attente, il reçut les permis. Ils prendraient l'avion pour le Vietnam le soir… A cette simple idée, son cœur se mit à battre d'excitation et de joie. Enfin, il allait réaliser son rêve… ######°###### Ils embarquaient pour le Vietnam. Le pesant avion étincelait dans la nuit noire, comme une perle. Il avait le souffle court, haletant. Le vent était vif et frais, un vent du soir. Son rêve. Enfin, il allait réaliser son film, lui, Styl Ramby, qui a souvent été mit de côté. Il a recruté quelques compagnons, jouant surtout sur le degré d'amitié. -Prêt, Styl ? Il leva ses yeux encore brumeux par ses rêves. -Oui. Il fit un pas, un seul, sur cet avion, et son cœur se mit à battre la chamade. Il espérait terminer le film assez tôt, et rentrer à temps pour le festival… ######°###### Il avançait à petits pas, yeux fixés au loin. Les passagers du petit bateau de pêcheur regardaient anxieusement de tous côtés, mains crispées sur leurs armes. Un petit craquement de branches se fit entendre, et ils se tournèrent tous vers la source du bruit, dans les sombres branchages. Ils levèrent leurs lourdes armes, cœur battant. -Et… Coupez ! On ramena le bateau de pêcheurs à quai après le clap de fin, quand une goutte éclata sur le nez d'un acteur. Il regarda vers le ciel, qui devint soudainement gris et menaçant… -Il va encore pleuvoir… Le tonnerre gronda, rageur, couvrant les voix des acteurs en colère. -Longtemps… La pluie tomba violemment, et le vent secoua les plantes en une valse endiablée. Cela fait une semaine qu'ils tournent le film, et ils n'ont pu filmer que deux jours, alors que les crédits s'écoulent peu à peu… ######°###### L'épaisse forêt verte moussait d'étranges rayons. L'air vif mais pourtant pesant rendait les souffles lourds. Le terrain était humide, et quelques endroits étaient alors marécageux. Les regards se tournèrent lentement vers l'acteur et producteur. -Il a encore plu. Ces mots explosèrent comme des balles dans son esprit troublé. Il a plu. -Je sais. Peut-être que demain… -« Peut-être » ? Tu le répètes tout le temps ! On perd de l'argent, bon sang ! En quelques secondes, ceux qu'il considérait comme des amis devinrent ses ennemis. Ils n'ont pas pu tourner le film, comme prévu, le temps était trop mauvais. La pluie. Tout le temps. Alors que le temps continue de passer, et que rien n'a été fait. On paie sans avoir de rentrées d'argent. A terme, ils risquent un gros endettement. C'est dans la boue, mouillé de la tête aux pieds, le regard perdu dans la pluie battante, qu'il fut abandonné. -Styl, on rentre. Tu viens ? -Non. Sa voix restait coincée au fond de sa gorge, bloquée par une boule. Ils se détournèrent de lui. Ils se rendirent à la ville le lendemain, espérant gagner un vol pour l'Amérique en quelques jours. Seul. C'est alors qu'il comprit qu'on devait lutter, résister, même si l'orage gronde. Il retourna au campement, s'enfermant dans sa tente, écoutant la pluie s'écraser contre les plantes. Il sursauta. Dans son élan désespéré, il attrapa la caméra et, sans réfléchir, la mit en marche. Il la regarda longtemps avant de s'asseoir devant, silencieux. Pour la première fois de sa vie, ses yeux s'ouvrirent, son cœur bat, et sa bouche s'ouvrit. -Je suis Styl Ramby, acteur et réalisateur, mais vous ne me connaisses probablement pas. Je suis au Vietnam. J'avais l'intention de réaliser un film sur la guerre. Vous amener du rêve, des émotions, sortir de l'emprise du quotidien, vous faire voyager, transmettre ma passion… En même temps que vous montrer l'horreur de la guerre, qui tue… Un mélange de merveilleux et d'horreur… Ce film n'aura pas lieu. Le mauvais temps nous a trop gâtés, et l'argent s'enfuit. Sans compter l'équipage qui est partit. J'ai espéré, pour la première fois de ma vie, partager un rêve. Le mien s'est envolé. Le film ne verra jamais le jour. Mais je continuerai pourtant, car même si l'orage gronde, la tête reste haute. Je me battrais jusqu'à terminer le film, quitte à y passer ma vie et à dépenser tout mon argent pour le plaisir de vos yeux ! L'espérance fait vivre toute chose ! Le rêve nous pousse dans nos actions ! Alors on aura atteint le bonheur… Il se tut soudainement, fixant la caméra intensément. L'orage éclata. Il éteignit la caméra, et se coucha sur son dur matelas. Il s'endormit rapidement. Le lendemain, quelque chose le réveilla. Une main le secoua. Ses « amis », ou du moins quelques-uns, étaient revenus. Les décors, les plateaux, tout était en place… ######°###### Son cœur battait violemment contre sa poitrine. Il était au festival, bien habillé, comme de coutume, mais se sentait pris dans un carcan. La salle obscure était remplie de monde. Son film était projeté. Il serrait anxieusement ses mains. Après la projection, et une fois tous les films passés, le jury alla délibérer. Long moment d'agonie pour Styl et ses camarades. Puis, silence de nouveau. Les jurés entrèrent dans la salle un par un dans un mouvement solennel. Ils sortirent l'enveloppe, l'ouvrirent. Un tonnerre d'applaudissements et un rugissement d'ovations brisèrent le pesant silence. Styl Ramby a gagné. Son speech passa à l'écran. Emus, sans voix, les spectateurs et le jury continuèrent à l'acclamer. Inondé de lumière, de bonheur, et brouillé par des larmes, sacré, il s'inclina respectueusement, coupe en main, tel un champion. -Le rêve et l'espoir font vivre… Pendant cette phrase, prononcée comme un soupir de joie, le reste de son discours passait à l'écran immense, sous les yeux médusés des spectateurs et de l'équipe. -Moi, je ne tourne pas des films pour l'argent, mais pour le bonheur des gens, pour vous transmettre ma passion… Vous faire plaisir… Nouvelles acclamations et ovations succès… Il a alors atteint la renommée cinématographique et morale. Il est Styl Ramby, acteur et réalisateur de films Américain. ","Summary":" Styl Ramby Styl Ramby était un acteur. Il a commencé assez tôt dans quelques films, rien de très « "},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Finding Peace","Author":"blackfire93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10927919","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PLEASE READ! THIS IS A ONESHOT ONLY! Church was going on normally well I think it was normally I had only been to this church a handful of times, after all I was taking advantage of this old church I figured I might as well give a little back. The adult choir was up singing a beautiful song called God's Grace, and all of the usually noisy babies were quite which struck me as a miracle. I was sitting in the complete back of the church on the very edge of the last pew closest to the door as I always did when I came. Part of the reason I sat where I did was because of my past and the horrible claustrophobia that plagued me because of it, and partly because I definitely did not look like the normal church going type of person, and I always got a lot of attention which I came here to get away from. The choir finished singing and they passed the offering plate around and then the preacher got up to preach. Everything happened the same way, like clockwork which is honestly another of the reason I came. The usher who usually stood by the door to welcome people left to go to the bathroom exactly five minutes after the preacher had started, I started too slid out the pew getting ready to leave when I felt a breeze ruffle my shoulder length black hair I knew immediately someone had entered the church. \"Well this is new.\" I thought and turned my head to see who it was, my survival instinct screaming at me to face the unknown head on. At first the sun blinded me but my eye's adjusted and I could make out the outline of a tall figure then I saw the gun. The gun was pointed straight at the preacher and although I honestly didn't really care about him one way or the other I was in the middle of the aisle between the gun-man and the preacher in seconds. I felt the bullet tare through my shoulder thankfully just clipping the flesh instead of hitting any bones. I processed the pain at the same moment that I registered the fact that the entire church had erupted into screams and colors. My brain seemed to slow down and yet speed up at the same time as I got my first real look at the shooter. He was tall with curly black hair that brushed the tops of his shoulders, his dark brown eye's held several emotions, all of which I was very familiar with pain, hate, loneliness, and the haunted look that I'm sure every soldier's eyes have. The pain in my shoulder began to thrum like a drum beat and I could feel the blood fall down my arm before dripping off of my fingers, every instinct was screaming at me to hurt this man who had dared to hurt me but as I stared into his eye's I found myself being drawn to him, as one creature is drawn to another of their own kind. And instead of the anger towards him that I should have been feeling I could only feel the need to comfort this soldier, to show him that he wasn't alone that even now there were other's out there who were fighting their own internal wars. I ignored the pain in my shoulder as much as I could and slowly took a step towards him, my eyes on his, my hands still down by my sides. I saw him tense so I waited a minute before I took another step towards him, continuing in that way soon the barrel of the gun was pressed straight against my chest my eye's still staring into his. His eye's searching mine for answers, as I slowly brought my arms up waist high and simply held them there. He must have found the answer to his un-spoken question of what I was trying to do, although at first he didn't move the people and commotion around us long forgotten by both of us as we were locked into a battle of the eyes'. I saw the moment he decided to accept my gesture, my comfort the gun fell between us and he wrapped his arms around me his head buried in-between my shoulder and neck. Time didn't mean anything as we stood there my arms wrapped as tightly around him as his were wrapped around me, both of us giving and receiving comfort that we were not alone in the world, not anymore. Finally we pulled back and that's when everything came into focus I could hear the police sirens getting louder, and the loss of blood from my arm was becoming a problem but I grabbed his hand and turned towards the left of the building where I knew a secret room and passageway that had a maze of tunnels that led out to the mountains. \"Come.\" I said before turning and running. I felt his slight hesitation then he started running with me, I opened the secret passageway led him to the room, which I had secretly been staying in, so I could grab my always packed back-pack, bow and arrow's, knifes and two pistols, one of which I gave to him along with a box of bullets before I tied up the cut on my arm and grabbed his hand again leading him through the maze of tunnels up into the mountains. We didn't talk as we made our way out of the tunnels and into the top of the mountains where he took the lead, and lead me to a cave hidden behind a waterfall. It was only after we sat down in the cave and he started a fire that he turned to me and introduced himself, \"I'm Rambo. John Rambo.\" He said his voice husky and deep with a slight Italian accent. \"I was known as Venom.\" I replied my own voice slightly husky. I saw the curiosity lit in his gaze at my words but he didn't ask about my past and I didn't ask about his. For now it was enough that we had each other and the knowledge that we were not as alone in the world as we thought. After two months it was very close to the winter months and I decided to travel into the small town below us for winter clothes, food and more ammunitions. I didn't think to bother telling Rambo as we seemed to understand each other without having to speak, although we did speak a great deal about everything but our pasts. As it was when I was ready to leave Rambo had been out hunting so I simply took my knife, loaded gun, and the stash of money I had in my backpack before making my way down the mountain. I kept silent and moved quickly only being seen when I was in a store that held supplies that I needed, before moving on to the next store. By the time I had all of the supplies that Rambo and I would need to stay warm through the winter months, it was already dark outside. I didn't think anything of it as I made my way as silently as I could up the mountain making sure to cover my tracks. The moon was covered by clouds and I knew that it would be dangerous if I miss-stepped so I took off my jacket and pulled off my long-sleeve black tank-top before replacing my over-large jacket and tucking my shirt into one of my inner pockets before I took a deep breath knelt down and lifted up my left pant leg after unlacing my left boot where a large black bracelet encircled my ankle. I pulled it off and I felt the immediate jolt of an electric shock travel my body before I felt a wave of dizziness then everything in sight began to get closer and more detailed and soon all of my senses were completely alive and everything became vivid. After standing and buttoning up my coat I continued onward making sure to continually cover my trail more out of instinct then the thought that someone might try to follow me and soon I was only ten feet from the cave I bent back down and placed the bracelet back on and my jolted once again before everything became dull and my now human eyes could barely pick out the way past the slippery rocks behind the waterfall and into the cave Rambo had led me to the first day we met. Finally I made it into the cave without too much trouble and walked farther in, letting the light of the fire Rambo must have made guide me. Instinct caused me to drop to my knee and pull out my gun with one hand while using simultaneously using my other hand to block the large knife that was aiming for my throat. I twisted the arm that was holding the knife causing the body of the person to slam onto the hard cave floor on their back my gun under their chin when their face registered in my mind. \"Rambo?\" I said surprised before immediately backing off and putting away my gun. \"Are you alright?\" I asked not apologizing for my instinctive fight response, just worried that I might have caused him to fracture some bones from the force of slamming him into the cave floor on his back. \"I thought you left.\" He said putting his knife away but keeping his gaze on me. I knew my eye's widened with surprise at his words and it took me a second to reply, \"Well unless you kick me out your pretty much stuck with me.\" I said. Then I remembered the stuff that I had dropped in order to fight back, I turned around and crouched to pick it up. \"Here I picked up some things we are going to need since it will be winter soon.\" I said as I stood up again having picked up everything I dropped, before turning back around to face Rambo again. Rambo was still standing there a strange look on his face, however once he saw me watching him he turned around and led the way back to the fire, not speaking but he seemed deep in thought so I just begin to pull things out of the packages and my various pockets and put them out where they were easy to get to. Then I took off my jacket and didn't think anything of it until I saw my shirt sticking out of the inner pocket and hearing Rambo's sharp intake of breath. I immediately grabbed my shirt from my jacket and yanked it over my head but was stopped before I could cover my back completely up by a gentle hand tracing over my many scars. I didn't turn around I didn't want to the disgust or worse yet the pity that Rambo was probably giving me, however I didn't say or do anything I just let him trace over the scars knowing that he was probably going to start asking questions and by the time I was done answering them I would most likely be out of a place to live. However Rambo surprised me, instead of saying anything he turned me around, instead of disgust or pity I saw Rambo taking his jacket and shirt off and realized that we were both scared. I reached out and gently traced the scars on his chest, they were raised and the skin was white and from the looks of it the skin had been left to heal on its own there were no stich marks. I raised my eye's to meet his deep brown ones, \"I guess were both scared in body and in mind.\" I whispered feeling as if speaking to loudly would cause this moment of shared physical and mental pain would break like glass and cut us just as deep. Rambo nodded his left hand cupped my face and he leaned his forehead on mine, \"As sorry as I am that you had to deal with whatever happened to you, I'm glad I have someone who understands.\" Rambo said his deep and husky voice feeling my ear's I smiled and closed my eyes letting myself for the first time fully relax. I knew that later one there would be question's asked and I would have to share that not all of my scars came from fighting but also from doctors experimenting on me, but I also knew that when I asked Rambo about his scars he would share his past with me as well. However right now I just basked in this moment of peace and behind my closed eye-lids I begin to dream of a future for the first time. ","Summary":" PLEASE READ! THIS IS A ONESHOT ONLY! Church was going on normally well I think it was normally I ha"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Arrested","Author":"Dance of the Dead","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7021012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Melissa woke up with a start, the shock of the telephone ringing in the early hours of the morning a wake up call that she wasn't expecting. She blinked a couple of times trying to get the fogginess of sleep from her mind. Paying a glance to her alarm clock. 4:17am. Instantly the time of day made her fear the worst. Her mind instantly springing to her Father, she groped around her bed feeling for the edge of the covers, throwing them off she sat on the edge of her bed. Flicking the bedside light on she half closed her eyes trying to get used to the sudden glare of the artificial lighting. She padded uneasily across the dark bedroom into the hallway picking her night gown off the hook on her door pulling the thin slip of material over her shoulders as she passed. Melissa picked the receiver from the hook and the lack of sound came as a welcome to the quiet night. \"Hello?\" She answered, her voice a sound of complete hesitation, not wanting to have the conversation which was about to transpire should it be the terrible news that she was dreading. \"Ms Williams?\" Asked a formal voice from the other end. \"Speaking, who is this?\" She asked in return, the caution more than apparent in her voice. \"Ms Williams, this is Sheriff Matt Buckle. There is nothing to worry about,\" he started to tell her, but she still couldn't help the feeling that something was wrong. \"No one is hurt,\" he assured her once more. \"Are you friends with Mr. John J Rambo?\" He asked once more, there was an authoritative level to his voice which didn't do much to ease her nerves. \"Yes Sheriff Buckle, he's my...\" she couldn't actually put her finger on how to explain their relationship. \"It's complicated,\" was all that Melissa found that she could tell him, but that was as much elaboration as was needed for the Sheriff. \"Yes, well, we arrested your man this evening,\" he went on to explain a little abruptly. Melissa sat down on the floor with her head in her free hand. \"What happened?\" She questioned, once again fearing the worst and that something drastic had happened, knowing full well what he was capable of. \"It's nothing serious ma'am, and we're not going to be pressing charges. It's just a matter of drunk and disorderly,\" the sheriff explained \"We called because we found your note in his wallet, is there something we should know?\" He asked, retaining the serious tone to his voice. \"Drunk and disorderly?\" Melissa repeated, the shock in her voice was more than apparent. It was such an unlikely thing for John to actually do, she could scarcely believe it. Had it not been for the hour of the night and the seriousness of the conversation that she wouldn't. She heard the sheriff reply with a simple confirmation before she asked. \"If your not going to be pressing charges, may I come and pick him up?\" She had evaded answering his question, feeling it wasn't her place to let them know the level of trauma that Rambo experienced. He had trusted her by telling her some of his past, she didn't want to betray that trust and relay his past to the sheriff. \"You don't have to do that Ma'am, we have him in an open cell, you can wait until morning if you would like?\" The Sheriff offered to her, and she felt her blood turn cold with horror. Rambo and cells were not a good combination. \"If it's all the same, I'd like to bring him home,\" she pushed, \"Just let me have a few moments to wake up properly,\" she added even though the most recent news had brought her into the world of the awake \"Yes Ma'am,\" the Sheriff confirmed and then relayed her with some information to tell the front desk when she arrived at the station. The moment that sheriff Buckle had hung up the phone, Melissa got up from the floor and headed to her bedroom to find some more suitable clothing, and threw it on roughly. She tied her hair back into a loose pony tail, grabbed her keys from a table by the front door and headed down towards the door. Her apartment was in a tall block, but she lived fairly close to the ground. Almost throwing herself down the last few stairs, she opened the door. The evening was fresher than she had imagined it would be and she felt a shiver run down her spine. She crossed her arms trying to keep herself warm as she made her way across the parking lot heading to her old ford car. Once the car door was unlocked she started the engine and pulled away, her mind still racing with the urgency of getting to the police station as quickly as possible. She looked out over the dark road, dreading what she would find when she got to the police station. Her fingers held the steering wheel tightly and her knuckles were white. The drive to the station seemed to take twice as long as it should do. Melissa knew that it was all psychological thinking that made the journey take so long, but couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief as she rounded the block and pulled her car into the small parking lot. Before she left the car she lent over to the glove box and took out her drivers licence, in case she needed some form of identification. She took in a deep breath and prepared herself mentally before entering the building. The light and sudden warmth from the building was eagerly welcomed and she made her way to the front desk, her drivers license already in hand. \"Morning Officer.\" she said, getting the attention of the man on the front desk. \"Sheriff Buckle called me, my name is Melissa Williams I'm here to pick up John Rambo.\" she told the man, who took her identification from her, gave a look over the photograph and handed it back to her without word and pressed something indiscreetly underneath the counter. \"Sheriff'll be here soon.\" he told her shortly and returned to his paper work, which was really a cross word hidden underneath a pile of other papers. \"Thanks,\" Melissa said and turned away from the counter, feeling a bit lost and put out by the officers action. Most of her wanted to pass it off that it was because he was on the night shift and most likely tired out from it. \"Ms Williams?\" Questioned a voice from the end of the hallway, standing in an open doorway. Melissa looked down the hallway towards the speaker already knowing that she would see Sheriff Buckle. She made her way towards him, with something of a smile on her face, but even that couldn't hide the concern that was etched all over her face. \"You don't look how I was expecting Ma'am,\" The Sheriff told her, trying his best to keep the conversation light hearted after seeing her concerned look. \"No?\" Melissa asked as she came to stand next to him, giving the rotund Sheriff a good looking over. She could have said the same about him. She should know better, but she expected members of the law abiding service to not be overweight or nearing retirement. \"Younger than I was thinking,\" the Sheriff said with a smile, there wasn't anything insulting in his voice and she could understand why he had come to that conclusion. \"I'll have to work on my telephone voice,\" she said, returning the smile feeling overly relieved that the Sheriff had partaken in the small talk, distracting her from what was inevitably coming. The two continued the small talk as the Sheriff led Melissa down towards the cells where her nerves shot up again. She watched in silence as Sheriff Buckle put in the number to the keypad for the cells. As the heavy metal door opened Melissa swallowed, she looked down the open hallway to see a calm and orderly cell block, and she breathed a sigh of relief. Buckle looked in her direction and questioned. \"Are you all-right Ma'am?\" Melissa just nodded finding that words couldn't form, and now that she was here she couldn't quiet place her emotions. She had been so frightened that something dangerous would have happened not only to John, but the people working for the police department. She felt relief that no harm had come to anyone, and she felt angry that Rambo had put her through the turmoil. Melissa passed through the metal doorway and Buckle led her part way down the cell block and pointed to an open cell door. She took the message clearly and made her way towards it. Despite the strong smell of stale alcohol she couldn't help but smile as her eyes fell upon John Rambo laying on the make-shift bed. Giving a look back to the Sheriff, she said, \"This could take a bit Sheriff,\" she then looked back to the cell and headed through the open doorway. Melissa knelt down beside the bed and placed a hand on Rambo's arm. Speaking his name softly, hoping to wake him gently from the apparent dreams he was having. However her aims failed as his arm flinched away from her and he sat up sharply, his eyes staring at her with venom. Melissa stood up from his side as he demanded to know; \"Where am I?\" He spat, there was a rasp to his voice that only sleep after heavy drinking could cause. \"Your safe, John.\" Melissa assured him, moving to sit next to him on the bed. \"Sheriff Buckle picked you up, a couple of hours ago, I think,\" she told him. Her voice speaking as softly as it had been a few moments ago, undeterred by his aggressive questioning. She put a hand on his leg and rather than move or push her away he put his own hand on top of hers. His other hand went to rest on his thick feeling head and rested on the corner of the bed. \"Drinking. John?\" Melissa asked, the act had been so out of character for him. She hadn't known him to be the type to drown his sorrows in the bottle before now, though there had been a long time where she hadn't known him at all. She hadn't meant to come across as chastising him for his actions, but she wanted to at least try and understand it. \"I don't understand.\" Rambo turned his head to look to Melissa, there was no way that she could understand any of it. What he had been thinking, why he'd picked up the first drink. He couldn't understand it himself let alone explain it to her. \"I didn't want to remember,\" he said looking away from her again, talking into his hand, not wanting to show for a moment a weakness that he knew was within him. \"I'd do anything for it to just go away. Anything,\" he added. \"Drinking isn't the answer, John,\" Melissa told him, though she guessed he already knew that. \"It'll just make you feel worse in the morning.\" \"Don't I know it,\" he returned to her already starting to nurse what was going to be a killer of a hangover. He fell silent then feeling more than worse for wear. Melissa reached out her hand and ran it through his messy hair, giving him some time to reflect on his actions. She figured that he was having a difficult relapse of memories concerning his past and she didn't want to push him. Melissa let the time pass by keeping her man aware that she was still in the room with him should he need her. It took a couple of hours before he was ready to speak again, and although Melissa had enough patience and understanding to wait for him, what he told her came as a bit of a sudden shock. \"Last time I was in a cell like this was after I'd got back from 'nam,\" he spoke not really giving a clue that he was talking to her his head still resting on the back of his hand. \"Little town called Hope, bastard cops wouldn't stop pushing. Was more than prepared to end it all then 'til Trautman came along and pissed on everything. I was his fuckin' lapdog for years. Just used for what I was good at, but can't get it all out. Now he's gone and I'm back here and there's just nothing. These bastard cops just get pushing,\" he opened up to her, the rant just coming out unprovoked. As his words came his position moved from leaning against the corner of the bed to rest in Melissa's lap. \"No ones pushing now, John,\" Melissa continued to soothe, her hands still continued to run through his hair. \"It's not that easy Meli. It doesn't stop, I never stop seeing the guys I left behind I see their faces, hear their screams,\" he went on to say. \"I shouldn't have been the only one to come home.\" \"I am happy that you did,\" Melissa told him and she felt herself hesitate only for a moment her lips quivered as she tried to find the words to tell him exactly how she felt and she let out the smallest of sharp breaths before her words formed. \"I love you,\" the words sounded stranger once they had been voiced, she had been hiding her true feelings from herself for a good while, and she had subconsciously known for some time, but admitting it to herself had only recently happened. If Rambo had any reaction to her confession then he didn't show any signs of it, and Melissa hadn't expected him too as he was too absorbed right now in his own trauma. They fell into silence again for a few minutes and for the first time in the evening Melissa felt somewhat awkward, especially after her words. Melissa looked up as she heard some footsteps heading in their direction and she nodded to the Sheriff as he peered into the cell, he gave her a nod and headed away down the hallway again. \"We should go home?\" she questioned hoping that he was ready to move away from the cell. She felt him nod and move away from her, getting back into a sitting position, his head still felt thick and he was having trouble on focussing on anything other than keeping his stomach from churning over. Looked to Melissa again and nodded once more. Melissa stood up from the bed and headed to the door of the small cell, she looked back as John rose himself, and she reached out as she noticed him stumble, all due to the alcohol she assured herself trying not to let herself be renewed with worry so soon. Rambo reached out a hand to steady his dizzy steps against the wall in front of him, as Melissa came closer to him, he put his arm over her shoulders protectively. She smiled and reassured herself that she had done the right thing telling him how she felt and that this action was something to do with it. There was a level of doubt to her thoughts, and she hoped that she wasn't just building her hopes up. Upon getting to the end of the hallway, the Sheriff met the two of them and let them out of the cell block wordlessly, escorting them back towards the reception area of the police station. He opened the front door to the building for the two of them and with an unusual farewell of \"Good Morning Ma'am and stay out of trouble,\" he left them to get on with their lives and him on with his own. Melissa opened the passenger door to her small car and let John get himself comfortably inside before getting into the drivers seat and taking them both home. ","Summary":" Melissa woke up with a start, the shock of the telephone ringing in the early hours of the morning "},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"The War Begins","Author":"AttackofTheBeast","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8713191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 13 years ago: Lilly felt sore riding on the horse for so many days. They already ran out of food and had very little water. They have been running ever since her wrist band thing started blinking. Lilly didn't know why they began to run because of the band but she knew that it was better to run then take a chance. When the horse finally stopped they were in a little town. People looked at them but Lilly didn't know why. Soon her mother got off the Horse and helped her down. Lilly stood there as her mother started taking off the saddle. It was even two minutes when they came. The aliens who they were running from. It was going so quick, things caught on fire, people were killed. Lilly felt herself being dragged under a porch, her mother was dirty and sweating. Lilly felt scared. Her mother looked at her and said, \"Lilly be strong. And stay safe.\" She pointed to the band and continued, \"This will keep you safe. Find Jake Lonergan, he will keep you safe.\" Lilly didn't know what else to do except nod as she felt the tears fall down her face. Her mother smiled and kissed her on the forehead as she looked around and said, \"Stay here.\" Lilly nodded again as she watched her walk outside. Her mother was bouncing up and down as just than a tall man appeared. He was handsome with his brown hair and green piercing greens. Next to him were ugly looking creatures. He looked around and smiled as he said, \"Molly nice to see you.\" He went in for a kiss but her mother looked away. He started making tsk. He quickly said, \"Well dear been years but I'm not here for you.\" Her mother said before he finished, \"You're here for her.\" \"Yes.\" He answered with a smirk. \"Well she is dead. I killed her.\" Her mother said not looking at him. He smile quickly faded as he said, \"Well I know she isn't so tell me where she is or pay the price.\" \"I won't tell you!\" She yelled. He looked at her and said grabbing her face to make her look at him, \"So is it.\" Quickly a knife came out from his pocket and was stricken into her heart. She gasped for her last breath as he said, \"You are a failed project but she isn't.\" He let her go tumbling to the ground. Lilly didn't know what to do except stay quiet. This was the man. The man her mother told her about, her father. She then felt a hand on her shoulder as she quickly turned around. She saw a man. He said, \"Come with me.\" She asked, \"Jake Lonergan?\" \"Yes how you know?\" He asked. \"No time,\" she said as he agreed. They both snuck away to freedom but she knew her father will be back. She was his daughter and he is the king of the Aliens who attacked here before when she was born.[Chapter 2] Lilly sat there playing with her gun. She just finish training with her dad and was relaxing waiting for dinner. She then felt a hand on her shoulder leaning against her. It was Jake, dad, trying to sit down. He finally sat down when he said, \"Ugh I'm getting old.\" Lilly laughed as she said, \"You're not that old pa.\" He smiled back at her which faded into a frown. He looked at the ground. Lilly felt like something was up with her dad ever since her 17th birthday which was four days ago. He can't look at her face without frowning. Lilly asked, \"Pa, what's wrong?\" \"What?\" Jake said looking at her. Lilly looked at him and said, \"Every time you look at me, you frown. I don't like knowing I make my pa sad. Please tell me the truth.\" Jake sighed before looking up at the stars. He said, \"You look like someone I fell in love with. She died saving the world. That is why I frown.\" Lilly nodded and looked at her dad. He was looking down with the same sad face. She leaned up and hugged him. She said, \"Dad maybe I was suppose to look like this so you can never forget her.\" He chuckled and said, \"Or God is punishing me.\" Lilly chuckled and hit him on the arm. She said, \"Pa you goof ball.\" They chuckled together before he stood up and said, \"Come on dinner is ready.\" Lilly stood up and started to pat herself down. They sat there eating and laughing. She loved her dad even thou he wasn't her dad. He acted lot like one. As their laughter died down and rumble shook the house around. They stood there as they heard something fall on the roof. Jake said, \"Lilly go get the horses.\" Lilly walked outside as Jake began packing food. Lilly had both horses outside ready to go. She looked around the corner near the front door to see the creatures that came for her many years ago. She began shaking as Jake came and settled his hand on her shoulder. She jumped a little. He placed his finger over his mouth motioning don't talk. She nodded and he pulled her to the horses. She got on her horse and he did to his. Her horse was fast so she wasn't so scared. They heard the door break open and that was the signal. They hit the horses getting shot forward. Lilly saw semi-blurs. She heard sounds coming toward them as she looked back to see the two big creatures gaining on them. She stopped and pointed her watch toward them. She thought, Shoot . And quickly a blot of light hit the ground blowing dust and fire everywhere. She smiled and kept on running. She thought they were safe but no she was wrong. Soon her watch was beeping. She realized it and turned her head to see three ships coming fast. She whipped at the reins of her hoarse motioning to go faster. Her horse was blotting. She looked behind her to see the ships right behind her. She watched as one came and shot a rope at her. It was so fast but next she knew she was lying on the floor and Jake was in front of her. He smiled as he was whipped away. Lilly screamed, \"No!\" The three ships disappeared and so did Jake. There were tears falling from her eyes as her horse came up to her and nudged her. She remembered never to mourn over him because he said, \"One day I will go.\" But she didn't want it to be today. Her brow furrowed as she got mad. She howled out as she stood up. She then got on her horse and attached her dad's horse to hers. Soon she will have her father's head. Not Jake's but her real father. How will he look when his daughter takes his head? Lilly trotted into a little town. It was night fall and the town was quiet. She stood there in the middle of town. She got off her horse and stood there for a little longer. Was this place abound she thought. She then heard someone come up from behind her. She quickly turned around to see the person. It was a tall blond man. He wore sheriff cloths which was easily noticeable. He stood there leaning against the pillar. He said, \"Little lady you should put that gun down.\" She was confused by what he said but when she looked down she noticed she was holding her gun aiming at him. She quickly placed it back in the sheath. She looked back up at him as he said, \"Good, now what you want from us folks?\" \"Looking for a place.\" Lilly said remembering to ask the sheriff about him. \"What place?\" \"Where Jake Lonergan died,\" She said. He looked at her and said, \"This is where he dead .\" She looked around to see surroundings that weren't the same as the one her dad told her about. She looked at him and said, \"This can't be the place.\" \"Why?\" The man asked walking towards her. \"My pa told me the town was huge.\" \"Use to be until the train stopped running thou here.\" HE said closing the desistence between them. HE then asked, \"Who you are?\" She looked up at him and said with smirk, \"Lilly, Lilly Lonergan.\"[Chapter 3] Lilly stood there waiting for his reaction to her answer. He looked at her then laughed shaking his head. Lilly brow furrow as she asked, \"What so funny?\" \"You can't be a Lonergan,\" the boy said looking at her with a smile. \"Why can't that be boy,\" Lilly said with attitude. His smile faded as he stated, \"One girl Lonergan never was married and two you better treat me with respect girl.\" Lilly felt rage build up inside of her, she looked at him as she said, \"I only give one man respect. That is my father.\" \"Well girl, better give me respect or I show you how to respect someone with my stature,\" he said with force. Lilly looked at him and said with a smirk, \"Try me.\" He growled as he took out his gun and shot her arm. Lilly flung to the floor in pain. She grabbed her arm trying so hard to stop the bleeding. She looked at the bullet hole to see it was right above the bracelet. She looked up to see the man standing over her with a smile as he said, \"I told you girl not to mess with me. I'm the sheriff of this little town and I don't like my honor to be disrespected.\" She smiled as she spit at his shoes. Quickly his smiled faded. He looked up and nodded which brought three men come toward him. Two picked her up while the third followed them. The third had a worried look on his face. He looked rather young. Lilly watched as the two men threw her into a cell. She winced falling onto her arm. She looked at them as they smiled. One of the men then said with a thick southern accent while pushing the young boy toward her, \"So Mr. Doctor if you are as smart as you say then fix her up.\" \"Yes, yes I will,\" the boy said with as the other two closed the door to the cell. One man looked at Lilly and said, \"Hey Girly now play nice with Mr. Finny here. He here is a doctor and will fix you right up.\" The two men chuckled as other said as Lilly crawled over to the corner, \"Yeah, pretty little thing like you should show him how to be a man.\" The two balled out laughing as they started leaving Mr. Finny said worriedly, \"Wait you boys aren't going to stay?\" \"No Mister, we actually have things to do, you can take care of yourself,\" one said with a smirk. Mr. Finny then stated looking at Lilly, \"At least take her gun.\" Lilly placed herself against the wall she stared at them. One man said with the same accent as the other, \"Well Doctor women can't shot for shit so you won't die. If she does try to kill ya well then take that gun and shot her right in the head.\" Mr. Finny gulped as he nodded making both of the men giggle as they left. Mr. Finny looked at Lilly as he watched over to the cell. He then said with a shaky voice, \"Come on over.\" Lilly said, \"No.\" \"Well…how will you be taken care of,\" he asked with a shaky voice still. She inhaled as she stated, \"I can take care of myself Mister.\" She then brought her leg closer pulling a knife out of her shoe. She then ripped her shirts mid waist area. She rolled her shirt up showing the wound as she pulled the ribbon out of her hair. She tied the ribbon around her arm stopping the blood as she grabbed the other ripped cloth and stuff it in her mouth. She grabbed the knife and placed it over the wound. She took a deep breath before sticking the knife in. She winced at the pain. She then kept on digging looking for the bullet. She then felt the knife hit something. She put the knife down and then dug her fingers in. She found something smooth and metal. She placed her hold on it as she pulled it out. She sighed in relief as she saw the bullet in her hand. She dropped it to the floor and pulled the cloth out of her mouth. She wrapped the cloth around the wound and tied it. She exhaled as she pulled the ribbon off her arm and wrapped it in her hair. She looked over to see the doctor looking at her in horror. She said to him darkly, \"What the hell you need?\" \"You just,\" he stuttered. \"Yeah I did, my father always told me I can't trust no one, taught me how to dig a bullet out of me,\" she said cleaning her knife off and sticking it back in her shoe. The doctor still stood there. She then asked, \"What now?\" He stuttered, \"Um, well, what is that?\" He pointed at her wrist containing the bracelet. She glared at the bracelet then at him answering, \"Nothing.\" \"Well that there isn't nothing,\" he said more confident. She growled, \"Well mister the better you don't know the better chance you live.\" He then went silent. She liked silent. He nodded as he turned and walked out of the jail. She smiled as she sat there. She sighed heavily as she thought of why her father sent her here. Out of all the places here. She sighed heavily as she felt herself falling slowly to sleep. She was dead tired from riding her horse. She felt herself dose off into deep sleep. Lilly started to hear beeping as she woke up. She looked around as the beeping became more vigorously. She looked at her bracelet to see it beeping. She then remembered that was what happen when her house was attacked. She looked over to see one of the men who threw her into the jail sitting in the chair. He was whistling a tune she never heard and didn't care to know. Lilly stood up and walked over to the cell door. She grabbed the bars to hold herself up as she said, \"Hey you.\" The man turned his head looking over his shoulder. Lilly continued, \"Let me out.\" The man stood up as he pulled his pants up. He said, \"Sorry little missy.\" \"Why can't you let me out,\" Lilly asked holding the bars. He grabbed an apple and started eating it as he said, \"Boss said so.\" She grunted as they stood there in quiet before she said, \"So a boy like you is told what to do. Wow my father wouldn't even talk to your kind.\" The man turned to look at her as she smirked. He stated, \"My kind?\" \"Oh the kind who are weak and need help from farm folk,\" she smirked knowing that make him angry. He groaned as he said standing up, \"Listen here once me and my buddy are done we leaving this town. We just got to finish this here deal.\" \"Oh a deal like I take care of you and you become my whore,\" She said. He growled as he said, \"You bitch.\" He charged her but she ducked as he punched through the bars. She smiled as she grabbed his hand. He looked afraid as she pulled his hand forward through the bars really fast knocking him out cold. She watched as he body fell to the floor lifelessly. She smiled while squatting down and pulling his body toward her. She unhooked the keys. She stood up and went to the lock feeling how the lock was. She then looked at the keys and found a smooth round key. She grabbed it and placed it in twisting until she heard the magic sound. Click . She smiled at her skills as she flew the door open and stepped out. Emmet walked to the sink with his plate. He placed it into the sink as Mary was washing the other dishes. She looked at him and grunted as she grabbed his dish. He smiled as he heard Lucy say, \"Sheriff let's play Texas Ranger.\" He turned to look at Lucy standing with Will. They were twins and looked so much alike. They both had different personality thou. While Lucy was loud and outgoing Will was quiet and shy. They both had nice red hair with big blue eyes and both were just 8. Emmet smiled as he ruffled their hair passing them. He said, \"Sorry kids got to go talk to the prisoner.\" \"You mean the pretty girl,\" Lucy asked following with Will who was oddly mad. He never frowned but today after locking that girl up he was oddly mad. Emmet was confused. Emmet then looked Lucy as he picked up his gun and jacket. He said, \"Yeah that one.\" \"Oh,\" she said sadly. Emmet asked confused, \"What with the long face?\" \"Well,\" Lucy hesitated. Will then said with anger, \"I don't like you no more.\" Emmet stood there in shock. Will hates him? Will loved Emmet and truly only talked to Emmet or Lucy. Why did Will suddenly hate him? Emmet asked in shock, \"Will why you hate you?\" \"You hurt the pretty lady,\" Will say crossing his arms. Emmet let out a breath of relief he must be mad because she was pretty. Will was soft when it came to pretty ladies. Emmet said, \"Oh boy don't worries the doctor fixed her right up.\" \"I'm not happy with you still,\" He grunted. Emmet started to feel uneasy. Just as he was about to talk he heard a whistle. He froze as he then heard galloping. He went to the closes window and looked out to see a girl and a horse. Not just any girl but her. He growled as he quickly stormed outside grabbing his hat. He stood on the porch watching her talk to the horse. The horse responded before trotting away. He leaned against one of the poles before saying, \"How you get out?\" \"Huh,\" she asked turning around. He growled, \"How you get out?\" \"Oh well he was easy,\" She said crossing her arms. Emmet growled as he stepped off the porch. He then said, \"Well girly you better get back into that cell of yours we aren't finish here.\" \"Well boy if you want to talk, I'm right here,\" she said. He growled with anger. She treated him like nothing and that angered him to no end. He then snapped, \"Why did you lie to me?\" \"What?\" \"You lied to me girl,\" he yelled at her holding his gun. Confusion swept over her as she said, \"I never lie!\" \"You have, telling me Jake Lonergan has a daughter,\" he huffed. She growled as she said, \"I'm not lying boy!\" He was about to yell when Lilly grabbed his hand asking, \"Jake why is her wrist beeping.\" Jake looked at Lucy then back at the girl. He looked up and asked, \"How you get that?\" \"I got it from my ma,\" she said looking at it before turning around. She then was looking out into the distance as she said, \"Mister you and that little girl better get back inside.\" \"Why,\" he asked holding Lucy tight. The girl looked behind her saying, \"They have come.\" Here you go after months. Sorry took so long. I hope people actually like this story this is my most fun one due to I love this movie. Please Review and comment[Chapter 4] Emmett looked at the girl. He looked at her wrist seeing it blink. He then said to Lucy, \"Lucy get out of here.\" \"Why I'm a fighter not a runner,\" she proclaimed. Emmett knelt down in front of her saying, \"Because I wanna keep your pretty face safe.\" Lucy looked at him as she nodded walking toward the house. Emmett smiled as he stood up. He looked forward to see a bolt of light hit in between him and the girl sending threw the air. He hit the floor with a powerful thud. His body began to ach as he stood up rubbing his side. He looked over to see the girl laying there knocked out. For some reason she looked so pretty but that thought didn't last long when another bolt hit one of the houses. Emmett stood up running into Mary's house checking on the others. He then asked Will looking for Lucy and Mary. He then asked Will, \"Will where are Mary and Lucy?\" \"They said they went to Grandma Betty,\" he said crying. Emmett growled as he said, \"Stay here.\" Will nodded as Emmett ran outside seeing the girl now shooting the ships. He groaned as he chased toward the Grandma Betty's house. Grandma Betty wasn't actually a grandma she was just given the name for being sweet and caring. He got closer seeing Grandma Betty standing there shooting with her rifle at the ships. Mary and Lucy were behind her crying. Emmett ran up to them saying, \"Come on inside.\" Mary nodded grabbing Lucy's hand and about to run inside until a hook caught onto Lucy. Lucy gave a face of panic before being pulled back screaming. Emmett screamed, \"No.\" He saw her being hooked onto a ship just before seeing a blur jump into the air landing on the ship. He looked closely to see it was the girl. It was Lilly. Lilly was shooting right and left before she heard a scream. She turned to see the little girl being taken. Lilly eyes widen before she ran toward them jumping. Lilly had inhuman like abilities. One was jumping high in the air. She could reach 50 feet and sometimes 70 feet if she tried hard enough. She felt herself land on something. She looked down to see she was on the craft. She smiled before she slipped making her fall down. She held onto the craft as she laid there. She heard someone crying as she looked in between the wings to see the little girl. Lilly then said to the girl, \"Look away.\" \"What,\" the little girl asked as she looked up at Lilly with tears falling down her cheek. Lilly demanded fiercely, \"I said look the other way.\" The little girl nodded as she turned her head away from the ship. Lilly placed her hand with the band toward the ship shooting the ship. The ship wing unattached from the ship and sent her and the little girl falling. The girl started screaming in fear as Lilly looked for her. The little girl was falling fast. Lilly went straight forward toward the girl as she grabbed her and turned. She fell down sliding across. She felt rocks and dirt scrap her backside. They finally stopped as she heard murmurs and whispers of people coming close to them. The girl got out of her arms as Lilly heard the sheriff say, \"She died saving one of us.\" Lilly spat out in pain, \"Boy I ain't dead yet.\" She heard gasp as she opened her eyes feeling pain shot throughout her body. She slowly stood up feeling blood roll down her backside. Another power Lilly had was not being able to die so easily. Lilly limped to her hat picking it up as someone said, \"She ain't human.\" Lilly chuckled as she said, \"Correct I ain't human.\" Lilly then heard another scream turning around as she looked back seeing a little boy being hooked around and pulled back. Lilly ran toward him but the ship shot at her sending her flying back. She heard gun shots as she sat up seeing the ship take off. She got up walking to the end of the town watching the ships fly away. She sighed hoping the people taken with the ships would live. She heard someone come up behind her asking, \"So if you ain't human are you one of them?\" \"No, I'm better than them,\" Lilly stated sighing knowing it was the sheriff. The sheriff then asked, \"Well Lilly why they here?\" \"They are here for a child years ago, the child is supposedly the child of the king,\" Lilly said turning to see the whole town there. Lilly looked at them as she said, \"My father told me when they come back to come here and find recruitment to fight this battle.\" Sheriff stared her up and down as he asked, \"But why come to us?\" \"You fought them before haven't you,\" she said arching her brow. Sheriff sighed as he nodded. He then said looking at her, \"If you say they are here for a fight I shall give them a fight.\" \"Fine, but you slow me down I'll leave your ass behind sheriff,\" Lilly said before whistling. Her horse came trotting over. She smiled as she petted her before a woman with silver hair walked up to her asked, \"May I join?\" Lilly nodded as the woman left grabbing her things. Lilly knew not many were going to join. Whoever did thou she just hope it was better than her father's small army. Comment, review, fave, like ","Summary":" 13 years ago: Lilly felt sore riding on the horse for so many days. They already ran out of food an"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"The Wrangler and Ms Nameless","Author":"atouchofprincecharming","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9329904","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The Wrangler and Ms. Nameless Rating: PG.13/T Author: atouchof_princecharming Summary: When a mysterious woman wanders into town, a gruff wrangler becomes intrigued. Spoilers: Possibly a few from \"Cowboys & Aliens\", but nothing that gives the movie away. Disclaimer: Woodrow Dolarhyde, Percy Dolarhyde, Jake Lonergan, and any other character from \"Cowboys & Aliens\" belongs to its creators. All other characters belong to me. [ Introduction - \"Shadows of his Cattle Ranch\" ] She appeared to him in the darkness much like everything in his life. The mother of his child gone—dead from an unknown illness that swallowed her soul in the night so many years before. Their only child—his son, so drunk on power from being cruel to others he might as well not even exist. There had been nothing left for him. His days were spent in the shadows of his cattle ranch where he stalked his workers with a icy stare. They never once did turn around to see if had his black eyes fixed on them for fear he would unleash his greatest weapon—a rifle he kept glued to his side. He had never shot a man without a damn good reason, but they didn't need to know that. The business they were to have had to do with the jobs that had to be done; he never did leave room for anything else. It had been a peculiar night when she had arrived. The usual stars were there in the western sky, but the colors were different and the air held a presence unknown to him. He had taken his rifle with him because it took form with his hand more than he ever would admit. It hadn't just been at his side for his workers to fear him even more than they already had from his face alone, but it was there for his protection. Everything he did that night had been done with gruffness only he knew how. From the moment he drew his gun forward and pushed the front of it inside the bushes he knew she was hiding behind of straight to the way he had physically blocked her from disappearing off his ranch. And as that night faded and the dawn approached, he embarked on a journey he never once did dream of...[Chapter 2] [ Chapter 1 - \"Adjustments\" ] \" Talk, damn it. Can't ya hear?!\" There hadn't been time for adjustments on her part because they remained unknown. On his part there hadn't been time because he made adjustments for no one. She was there on his ranch without any form of documentation and absolutely nothing to say. It drove him mad. \" Who sent ya?\" He was full of suspicion she could not understand. \"Where'd ya come from?\" He pressed; his rifle at his side while one hand held a knife and the other hand held an apple. \"What'd ya come for?\" He stilled his hand, the blade of the knife stopping right inside the apple's core. \"Speak. Damn it, speak!\" She sat there in the far corner. Her eyes wide with wonder. Everything near her strange, everyone near her cold. 'Why had she been found there?' she had wondered after her first night there. \" Ya don't speak. Ya won't eat.\" He muttered ruthlessly as he worked the knife through the fruit the rest of the a way. One half of the crisp apple he devoured in two greedy bites. The other half he placed on the wooden table to the side of him; his eyes challenging her to make any kind of sound. She did not because she simply could not. Percy knew his father was up to something and with just the right amount of liquor in him, he always found the courage to ask. \" What's my good ole Pa up to these days?\" He began one night as he drunkenly sat in tall grass that grew so close to the marker that divided his father's land. \" Jesus, Percy.\" He growled as he began loading his gun. \"Didn't I give ya orders?\" \" To what? Tend to the cattle?\" He began laughing stupidly. \"Pa, I ain't got no business wrestlin' cattle. I'm too good for that.\" \" Good for nothin' piece of shit...\" He snapped the gun close. \"If your ma was here to see-\" \" Yeah, well, she's not.\" His face now serious, but the corners of his mouth twitching with delight only brought on by booze and by power. \"Ya saw to it, too-\" \" ...the hell ya talkin' 'bout?\" His expression pained. \"ya know damn well she had gotten ill.\" \" I never did see it, but I've heard the stories—sure.\" He steadied his arm preparing for the rumble that would come after he pulled the trigger. When it was all over he stood there looking into the distance. \" Ya know I never did understand the reason why ya fired all them bullets just to watch 'em go nowhere.\" He stood behind his father a little, his hand gripping drunkenly on his father's shoulder. \"Ya say you've shot a whole mountain of men, but after seeing something like this?\" He made a tsking sound with his tarnished mouth, \"...ya just don't seem to be the type, Pa, 'cause all you're doin' is wastin' bullets.\" \" Quit talkin'!\" He had grown tired. \"Pull yourself together and git back to ya job.\" He laughed unphased by his father's incredible disgust of him. \"Sure, Pa.\" He snorted as he turned around and stumbled in the direction he knew like the back of his hand. \"Whatever ya say, Pa.\" He stood there watching his own blood relative wander aimlessly through the field like he wandered aimlessly through his life. It made his stomach turn, but his empty heart blocked any upchuck from spilling from his mouth. Turning around he fired a few more times before he began to feel the pressure on his shoulder. If she had had any idea of what being a prisoner felt like she might have felt that way on and off throughout the times she spent alone, free to roam around throughout the few rooms he had left open to her. There hadn't been any ball and chain attached to any part of her body nor had there been steel bars that decorated his windows, but there had still been something inhuman to the set-up he had left her to breathe in. It tore at his insides in small doses; split seconds of difficult shame, but his heavy heart and his narrow mind forced him him to remind himself of who she could be and what her purpose was for not only being on his land, but for making herself known to his naked eyes. She could be trouble and if there was one thing he did not tolerate, it was trouble—trouble against him and his people, whether they took honor in being related to him in any sense of the word or not. He had been forced to give her the apple when he had arrived home after he had gone shooting. The last thing he needed or wanted was a dead, unknown woman on his hands. He was sure he could dispose of her body without anyone from town seeing him, nor questioning him, but whatever that thing was inside of him—that thing that always served as a constant reminder to whatever that was left inside of him of being human, would haunt him—it would break him eventually, and he certainly could not have that. He certainly could not break. Percy was nowhere to be found inside or out. He hadn't grown alarmed, he knew his son spent enough time, enjoyably, hanging around the saloons and disrupting the peace to ever think about straying far from town He ruled the town respectfully with an iron fish, but his son ruled it shamefully with the family name. \" Ya eat, but ya won't speak.\" He shook his head at her while striping off his coat. \"...dunno what I'm gonna do wit ya...\" He hummed to himself while hanging coat over a wooden chair. \"...dunno how much more of this I can take...\" He pulled at the bandana around his neck. It was dirty and damp with sweat. \"Ya won't tell me your name. Ya won't do what I say—won't come when I call.\" He balled the material in his rough hands all the while looking towards the ground, his mud covered boots staring back at him. \"I'm not gonna let ya go until ya tell me what ya came for.\" His tone was as rough as it had been earlier that day, but this time there had been a slight shakiness to it that indicated to him that he was nervous about this entirely new kind of situation whether she picked up on it or not. He turned to look over his shoulder. When he locked eyes with her, she held the same expression. This time though her lips had been parted slightly. It was the hunger for food—any kind of it so long as it was more. He turned his back to her. Ignoring his coat, he went over to a side door that had been part of the room. Pulling it open he disappeared from it and returned moments later with a few logs. Placing them inside his fireplace, he stuck a match against a stone and held it near to the dried leaves and dry twigs until they caught. Rolling his sleeves up, he disappeared into the other room. To him it was known as a kitchen, to her it had been known as a place where she could find water and some darkened liquid she had curiously kept away from. Using some water that had been left in a large glass jar, he scrubbed at his filthy hands. All the dirt and germs from a day out and about washed away from his skin and circled the rusty drain. Meal time had never been a problem in his household. He had the fresh meat of his own cattle. The juice from his own cactus. The vegetables from his own garden. The fruit from his own trees. The water from his own well. Never once had he ever gone hungry, at the same time, never once did he offer any of his richness to the poor. Now though, with the scent of his food cooking from the help of his water that he had ordered a few of his workers to fetch from his well in the blazing sun earlier that day, he had set out to feed someone who, for all he knew, was poor. \" Go on. Eat it.\" He placed the bowl across from him on a wobbly wooden table he constantly reminded himself to fix. \"It's good. Hot, but good.\" He commented on his own food without having tasted it yet. It was his ego that insisted that everything he took the time for was simply the best. She hadn't moved though, even as he chopped away at the contents of his own bowl. \" I said go on—eat it!\" His voice louder now. \"Damn it...\" He growled, leaving his bowl behind and grabbing hers along with the unsecured wooden table. \"Ya don't deserve this.\" He said before setting it down in front of her, \"But I ain't gonna watch ya starve—so go on, take it.\" He tapped the spoon a little. \"Eat it.\" She sniffed the air in front of her. After a second, she went to reach for the spoon. Taking it out of the bowl she looked at it curiously. She had seen him put it in his mouth every time he had stuck it in his bowl, so a moment later she did what she remembered seeing. To him she had gotten the message that the food had been for her, but in her mind she had felt as if a tiny window had been opened on the inside—one that allowed this knew found knowledge to breeze in and give her a bit of light.[Chapter 3] [ Chapter 3 - \"On the Edge of the Better Town\" ] He could never do it all of his own despite how many times he declared that he could. If he had been successful in any form of that declaration then his son would have grown to be a decent human being. When he was younger he had hopes for him—even dreams, but as he began to grow taller and his mouth bigger, he knew he was quickly getting away from him. It was never that he couldn't see himself in his son. It was just that everything that had belonged to him that he could see had been intensified so that the evilness inside of him thrived, causing the good in him to cower away in the dark depths of his existence. He hadn't planned on raising him that way, but like many things in life—things just happened. So when she still hung low to the ground and hid herself as best as she could in the dark corners of his home after a week of her arrival—not making a single sound, he knew he had to find someone whom he could trust—or someone who would keep their mouths shut with the force of his iron fist, so he could find the answers he was obsessively trying to seek. At the edge of town where the land ran its driest lived a man and woman with their only living child. He went by the name of Harry Holt, his wife Margaret, and his eight year old son by the name of Clayton. They weren't considered part of the dark town though they lived on the very edge of it; using its land, but never taking anything else from it as the next town over held a certain warmth and glow that hadn't resided in Dolarhyde's land for quite sometime. To them, 'home was where the heart is' and anyone who had thought differently certainly hadn't made their opinions change; life was what they made it. It was as simple as that. The last thing he wanted to do was bother them. He had met them on a solo ride he went on with his best horse a decade and some odd years ago. Cattle he demanded be transferred to his land had come from the better land. A few of them went astray and he had lost his head; swearing to kill anyone in his path when he would find his missing cattle, but when he stood there facing the man and his family, he could see no evil in their kind eyes. He had also spotted his cattle, roaming free. He remembered how he tipped his hat at them before explaining who he was and what he had come for. Within seconds of his story, the man had offered to herd his cattle to its proper location, completely free of charge. Of course upon feeling his plump wife he assured him that he would get his own men to come the next morning to do a days work. He had reminded himself to check in on them from time to time, but he never did. He had always been too busy stretching the limbs of men who had done him wrong. Men who had taken the jobs he had given them lightly. Men who had tried to target his son knowing perfectly well that he knew of their frustrations, but that there was no way in hell he would make his son pay for his wrongdoings like a worthless piece of garbage. Sighing, he hopped off his horse and planted his boots firmly on the ground. Fixing his hat, he soaked in the burning sun. Seven hours of riding with only a couple of stops was far too little on such a hot day. When he reached the front door he used his knuckle to knock firmly. There he stood waiting; hoping that the silence meant they were catching a nap or that they were working somewhere on the land. The last thing, however, that he wanted, was to discover that they had crossed into the next town. He hadn't been allowed there since his wife was alive. His control meant nothing to them so the fear that pulsed within belonged to him alone. He wouldn't dare wander into the lions den in fear of never returning to the dark world he called home.[Chapter 4] [ Chapter 4 - \"Percy's Pistol\" ] He had ridden back into the heart of town with supplies he would need to make her stay with him as comfortable as it could ever be. Harry had told him that within two weeks he would take his family with him with expectations of being put up for all the days and nights they would stay close to him—they would help him explore the unknown woman; they would help him get his answers. Harry hadn't been the only person around that could offer him help, but he was the only one that would keep it all a secret. He was the only one that has respected him from the beginning because he understood his reasoning for living the way he did, and he was the only one to genuinely like him for the person he was. Percy was a sorry excuse for a human being in the town's eyes, but nobody could touch him. So as he stood there in the middle of the dirt road, he aimed his gun foolishly at a few of the townspeople. Wailing like a spoiled brat, he spoke of his father and how there was nothing he couldn't have or get—from anyone, because of his connection. \" Jackass.\" Muttered an annoyed deputy. \"Sit down, Percy, before you fall down...\" He paced casually in front of the saloon doors. He erupted into a drunken laugh. \"I ain't gonna fall down, but I'll ya what, Deputy...if anyone's gonna fall to their knees it'll be because I put 'em there.\" He waved the gun around; his finger slightly pulling back on the trigger just to get a few gasps out of those that surrounded him. \" Goddamn it, Percy, put down that pistol!\" He barked. \"Ya keep messin' 'round and you're gonna find yourself in a whole heap of trouble.\" \" Yeah? Who says—you?\" He wailed with silliness. \"I know ya know who my Pa is-\" \" Your daddy won't be able to save ya this time. I'll see to it.\" He took a step towards. \"I'm warnin' ya Percy. Ya make one more wave wit that pistol and you'll be held up in the county jail for longer than ya think.\" A surge of anger cruised through him. He gritted his teeth and fired away at the Deputy's feet. \"HA!\" He slurred with laughter and drunkenness. \"That's right Deputy—get on the good foot!\" He pulled back on the pistol again and fired again. \"Go on! Get on the good foot!\" A few women shrieked wildly as they ran for cover. A few men stood, without any weapons, unsure of what to do besides protect any women and children they could see. \" GODDAMN IT PERCY!\" The deputy hollered. \"CUT THE SHIT BEFORE YA DO SOMETHING STUPID!\" He dropped the gun to his side and giggled. \"Ya should have seen your face, Deputy...\" He raised his arm again and without thinking, he pulled back on the trigger. The bullet that escaped from the mouth of his gun hit the deputy right in the shoulder. Falling to the ground, he groaned in pain. \"Oh...\" He was at a loss of words and momentarily he felt as if he lost his senses. \"No...\" He shook his head as he dropped his pistol the ground, watching as those that were nearby ran over to help the deputy. \"I didn't mean it...\" He said more to himself than to them. His mouth opened slightly—his eyes held more shine. \"Look, everybody...\" He began as he noticed the rest of the law riding in on their horses, \"I didn't mean it. I swear I didn't.\" \" Ya could have killed him, Percy.\" Said another deputy who climbed down from his horse. \"Or anybody else here.\" He roughly grabbed him by the shoulder. \"In ya go.\" He pulled him along to the wagon they had brought with them. \" I swear I didn't mean it!\" He wailed. \" Always messin' 'round. I always knew you'd end up like this.\" He commented. Perfect opened his mouth in disbelief as he tried to force himself away from his rough handling. \"You know of my Pa is-\" \" Everybody knows your daddy.\" He jerked him forcefully making sure that his body slammed against the side of the wagon. \"You broke the law, son.\" \" Yeah well, my Pa'll ask about me. He'll come for me!\" \" Anything your daddy says won't hold any water. Not this time, Percy. Ya shot a man with the intention to kill.\" His fear eating away at him. \"No! That ain't true! Damn it, it ain't the truth!\" He tried to wrestle his way outside of the wagon, but the steel door was slammed shut and he was caged like a wild animal, the rusty bars being the only view he had to the outside world. \" Save your breath, Percy.\" Offered the Deputy who paused to look at him. \" Clinton!\" He hollered as he pulled against the bars. \"Tell my daddy about this—won't you? Won't you please tell my daddy about this?!\" He paused for a moment. After a slight breeze sailed past him, he gave him a small nod. \"I'll tell him.\" ","Summary":" Title: The Wrangler and Ms. Nameless Rating: PG.13/T Author: atouchof_princecharming Summary: When "},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Never Alone","Author":"whatthisisntme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5664791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own any parts from Rambo, just the plot. Ummm, I know that a lot of this is historically incorrect, but that's the fun part *sarcasm*. Review and I'll love you forever. It's mushy at parts, and Rambo is how I think he is. Oh, and Maggie has long brown hair that is constantly in a French braid. Blue eyes and tan skin. She has the body of a really good ballet dancer. (muscular, no fat almost, just muscle) I was being forcefully pushed to the sheriff's car. I had thought that this was a stupid idea. Why would I turn around…? I didn't know why, but I hoped that the person in the upcoming car would step in; I could tell that this was adding up to something that I truly didn't want to be a part of. I watched as the car drove past, and I closed my eyes, just realizing that the officer was trying to tell me something, and when I was ignoring him, he wasn't exactly getting any happier. Suddenly the car screeched to a halt and pulled back racing towards town. I could have swore that the face in the driver's seat was familiar, but I wasn't sure and I couldn't trust my eyesight anymore; especially when it came to my old mates; especially when it came to Ortega. I vaguely registered that he was patting me down, and I almost smiled when he came to my knife. It was mine since the war, and I would probably be buried with it. As Ortega had been with hers, I sighed as I realized that the incompetent man was saying something to me. \"And why would you be carrying a knife like this\" What would I use it for, did he think that I slaughtered people for a living? \"Hunting.\" He laughed at my answer, doubting it, though it was true. \"Don't be a wise guy, you don't hunt with a knife.\" I sighed, would he just put me in the cab already? I knew I was facing a hearing or fine of some sort. I wasn't going to rebel against it, at least not yet. But I certainly would later considering that any fine would be more than the ten dollars that I had in my pocket. I was shuffled into the police car and we were off, back towards town. *** \"Trautman, speaking.\" The voice I hadn't heard in years sounded over the phone. \"Who is this?\" I could barely speak, I knew I wasn't supposed to contact anyone from the war, it would be blowing the mission that was still operable, but Rambo was in trouble, and I would shoot myself in the eye if I let him go through it alone. \"This is….\" I swallowed the lump in my throat. \"It's me, Trautman. I'm alive and well.\" \"Maggie?!\" His disdainful voice sent shivers down my back. I knew what he must be thinking; I knew what my death must have done to Johnny. \"Why are you contacting me of all people? Shouldn't you be calling John?\" \"John is who I'm calling about. I saw him today; he's been taken into custody by sheriff Teasle.\" There was a silence on the other end; he was expecting to know who exactly the troublesome sheriff was. \"He's brutal with vagrants, and I have a bad feeling, I need you to come down from Brag, help him before he breaks.\" \"Why can't you do this Maggie?\" His voice was tired and wary and I knew that this was putting a strain on him. I felt my heart break as I knew that he didn't understand that it had to be secret from Rambo. I so wanted to be the one to help him, I wanted him to go with me. But that would be too much to ask from anyone, especially someone that I had left in the dust years ago. \"I'm leaving for 'Nam in a few weeks, and I need to know that he'll be okay… I can't help him, and I wasn't supposed to contact anyone from the squad until after I got back.\" I had heard that several times before, each time to only be told to just 'Wait until the next mission is over.' Only to be given no chance at resignation, no chance to tell even the colonel that I was alive. \"There's going to be trouble.\" I could feel the tears in my eyes, I knew what his next question would be, it was as inevitable as death, but I didn't want to face it, I never wanted to face it, truth be told, I wanted to die on one of the missions and have him be told that way, let him know where exactly in Arlington he was going to be buried. I looked at the ring on my finger, I had promised forever, and I only gave a week. I shook my head, to get engaged in 'Nam… \"Can I at least tell him that you're alive?\" I shook my head again, only to realize I was talking on the telephone. \"No, I want to be the one to tell him, if I can find him when I get back… Colonels, I'm just asking you this one thing, get him out of this trouble. I'll have a nice reunion with the two of you when I get back just…\" I watched as John zipped by my small farm house on a dirt bike, pursued by the idiot sheriff. \"Too late, I have to go before this gets really bad…\" I hung up the phone and suited up, jumping onto the dirt bike before following the trail leading into the mountains, near the creek I could see John farther up and Teasle just down the hill from him, apparently out of shape, as he was weazing, john disappeared into the shrubbery before I could be seen by either one of them. \"I know you can hear me! You're finished! You hear me? FINISHED!?\" I was alarmed, what exactly had happened in that sheriff's office, I should have picked him up when I saw him being taken in. I looked behind me to see the shocked face of the sheriff, apparently not expecting 'backup', I laughed at the term, so soon. \"ORTEGA!!! DON'T BE STUPID, THIS MAN IS DANGEROUS, AND YOU DON'T KNOW HIM!\" I snorted at this and continued up the hill, I wanted to get to him before Floyd's 'babies' did. *** I almost turned and went back to the clearing before getting a vivid image of the mound that was her burial site, in the middle of a random forest. I fingered the plain ring that she had insisted that I get; I never had taken it off. I beat away the barbed-wire and grabbed the canvas cloth that was on the ground, rubbing my arms before fashioning tunic type clothing allowing me to move freely while still being warm. \"Johnny!\" My loneliness and insanity had finally reached a maximum level. I still enjoyed it as she wrapped her arms around me, squeezing me with what I could assume was not her full strength. \"Rejoin the services and go with me…. Please, after seeing you again I can't let you go. I won't. Never again, no matter what they tell me, no matter what the mission, I will not leave you.\" She was crying then and I realized that it really wasn't her, she never cried, not even when she was tortured and covered in infectious wounds. My hallucinations had never been this unrealistic, yet realistic at the same time, I was sure that if I blinked, she would disappear, and not be back for a few weeks, months if I was lucky. I closed my eyes long and hard, relishing in the fact that the sensation of her touch, imagined it may be, was still felt, and I almost felt warmer wear the synthetic lining of her jacket had touched my arm. When I opened them, she was still there, and something in the back of my mind was telling me that, for once, somehow, she may be real. Maybe I had died… and the past few years had been hell, and I was now through with it, which was exactly it. I was now in some truly twisted form of heaven. \"John, Colonel Trautman is worried, as am I. We need to get you away from this hick town before they decide that you're worth going after. And when you've known Teasle as long as I have, you know that he won't give up.\" She searched my eyes. \"John, are you okay?\" I nodded, I truly was in heaven, no matter what they decided they would do to me, it didn't matter, Maggie was finally with me. *** He thought that he had cracked, I could see it in his eyes, maybe I should've put off the sheriff. Maybe I should just go back and do just that. I'll ask for an early deployment and the colonel slowly introduce the idea that I wasn't dead, so that if I came back he would be prepared for it and I would be able to finally have some semblance of a real, normal life, though I knew that I would never really be able to have just that. \"John, I'm going to go back and talk some sense into Teasle, they may already be back, whatever you do, don't let them see you and if you see me, try to get to me, I'll contact Trautman, have him take us out of here.\" His eyes widened and he pulled me to him. \"I've been through Hell without you Maggie, you can't expect me to just let you go now.\" He pulled me to him. I started panicked, there were dogs barking in the distance. \"I promise you, I'll be back, just let me talk them out of the crazy manhunt they have going for you right now. Please John, I'll quit the forces, and we'll get a house, and we'll have a family together, just let me get them off your tracks.\" He looked me in the eye. And looked at the sky, It was almost dark. \"If you aren't back by sunrise tomorrow, I will search the whole town, until I find you, nothing will get in my way this time.\" He kissed the top of my head and I realized how much I would miss this in two weeks when I would be leaving… I would make good on my promise, when I got back. I nodded and turned with tears in my eyes. If I didn't complete this mission I would have a dishonorable discharge, and never have any type of future. I took a deep breath; I would save him, get him help, and let any consequences happen when I got back. If I could come back at all, I had known for a while now that they'd decided that I knew too much and that I needed to be killed off. \"I love you, Rambo.\" I walked back toward the stream and saw the hunting party. \"You have to get out of here for now.\" He nodded and soon I couldn't even tell that he had been there other than the cut cloth covering the ground. \"TEASLE!\" He looked over to me and quickly ran to where I was, making sure that it was really me before putting down his rifle. \"Call off the search, he's harmless. I knew him in 'Nam-\" \"You mean to tell me that you served in Vietnam? That's a laugh. Now, why are you protecting this guy?\" I decided to give him something that would throw him through a loop. \"He's my fiancée; he didn't realize that I had moved away from Portland until you dropped him off. You really have no charge against him, and he was only defending himself from the bruises I saw on his back.\" I heard a shot a while away and I realized that the search party was missing someone. \"If he's dead… Colonel Trautman will have to put me in the psychiatric ward. I'll kill you all.\" And with that I left running, this was getting me no where any time soon, and Rambo needed help, now. *** I held tightly to the cliff as the bullets flew past my head. I was very lucky that he was a terrible aim, though he may get lucky, very lucky, very soon, if I didn't get off the face of this cliff, and get off of it soon. Maggie said she was going to get them called off. I realized again, that Maggie had only been a hallucination also, this realization made me let go of the cliff. I remembered my training and as I fell I grabbed onto branches, slowing the fall and softly hitting the ground. I should have let him kill me, I should have gotten myself killed in the war, but I didn't, and I couldn't seem to let myself die. No matter how many times I got into these so called 'dire' situations, I couldn't kill myself off. The idiot in the helicopter found what was impossible for me, fairly easy as he fell out of the helicopter after firing shots that I easily dodged. Poor fool smashed himself on the rocks. I ran out to grab the gun and I checked his pockets for more ammo, there was almost none. I would have to work with what I had. I was going to do what Maggie said, I was going to go to Trautman after this was over, I was going to ask him what I could do. I almost laughed; this was the closest to doing anything that I had since the war, which said something. I looked up the mountain face before realizing that one of the tree had injured my arm. I was once again glad for my training; anyone else would have been brought to their knees by the looks of the injury alone. I had to keep telling myself that Maggie really was gone, that nothing could bring her back, and I wouldn't see her until my eventual death, and even then I seriously doubted that I was going to heaven. *** The shots suddenly stopped, and for the town's sake, I hoped that that didn't mean that they had killed Rambo. I watched from the top of the cliff as John became a scavenger and quickly looted the dead deputy's body. He was injured, I could clearly see the blood that was thick in flowing down his arm, I watched until I could no longer see him, watched until he had taken the cover that he needed to stitch himself up. I almost sighed in relief. \"Jesus Christ.\" I heard Teasle curse a bit before noticing that John was standing at the bottom of the gorge, hands in the air. \"THERE'S ONE MAN DEAD! IT'S NOT MY FAULT; I DON'T WANT ANY MORE HURT!\" Goddamn, what was he doing, Gulf was dead, and Teasle wasn't going to give him up no matter what. \"FREEZE! STAND RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE, GIVE YOURSELF UP!\" I knew that this was the reaction that he would get from Teasle. \"BUT I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!\" I started climbing down into the gorge. \"I'M WARNING YOU BOY, YOU MAKE A MOVE AND I'LL BLOW YOUR HEAD OFF!\" I saw that Mitch had noticed me, and was pointing me out to Teasle. \"BUT I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!\" He started backing up and they started firing at him, John flinched as he ran and it really looked like he'd been hit. \"BOYS!\" they all looked over to me, once again realizing that I had moved again and with a jump I was down into the gorge. \"IF HE'S GOT MORE THAN A SCRATCH ON HIM…\" They didn't cease fire and I drew the rifle from my back and fired at Teasle, knocking his hat off. \"NEXT TIME I WON'T MISS!\" They cursed as I ran off in the direction that he was in, knowing that I was the only one that could track him without those damn dogs. *** I was fully convinced now that she was real. I had been watching as they ran in fear after she shot at them. I wondered why they hadn't taken her seriously. That was one thing that no one had ever done with her, in all the time that I knew her. Hell, she had made it to the Green Beret's without having to lie about her gender. Fury set in; I had been wandering about for years, thinking that I could possibly be the last of our squad, only to find out that she was still alive and well, and had just left me. Now she had some need to protect me? Why hadn't she been there when I needed her, when they were all dying? When I was recaptured by the Vietnamese? She was there for none of it, and I could bet my life that she would say that she still loved me. I hardened my face, there had never truly been any love between us. I stopped and pulled the stupid plain band off my ring finger. I had worn this stupid thing for years for someone who I thought was dead; someone that I now realized never loved me. I dropped the rifle and subconsciously let out a yell of frustration and threw the stupid thing with all of my might. I thought I heard a twig snap behind me and I realized that I had given my position out, not just to the policemen, but to Maggie, she would find me soon. I now realized that it wasn't the policemen that I needed to get away from or be afraid of, but Maggie. I didn't know how much of her I would be able to take before I snapped; And though I certainly didn't like her, that didn't mean that I want her to die. I ran into the woods, this wouldn't end good for anyone in this, yet I was unwilling to let it die. I was glad and sorry at the same time that I had been watching. I almost cried out when he threw the band. I knew that I had lost my chance, and it made since. I didn't deserve him anyways. I had lost him when I had been reassigned. It was foolish of me to keep the hope of anything ever being the same again. I watched as the ring fell, and kept my eyes on it, picking it up when he had left, and slipping it onto my thumb, smiling as I knew that I would at least keep that part of him with me. I wouldn't let him know that I was here, probably never even fire, just usher him out any way that I could. : ( that wasn't how I planned it…. Oh well, it makes for easy sequels…hehehe[Chapter 2] Umm. I know that you people are watching the story. Please review. Oh. I read the book and it really made me mad. What's with that? The ending doesn't really tell you a definite thing other than that Teasle dies! Grrrr…. \"Rambo! I know you can hear me!\" I shouted into the woods. Desperate to get him out of here and out of here fast; a hand snaked around my head and I had to dig my fingernails into my hand in order to stop myself from injuring him just on reflex. \"Shut up.\" I smiled against his hand. At least he was reacting to my actions. \"You go back to wherever the hell you came from and leave me alone.\" The smile quickly disappeared and I bit his hand. \"Not without getting you out of here. I have a house a couple miles from here. We can go there, Trautman is supposed to be coming to get you-\" my head snapped to the side with the force of the slap that was dealt to me. \"I don't need your fucking help. Not now, not ever.\" I held my cheek and lifted teary eyes to his hardened black ones. \"Yes you do. Don't you realize that you at least need ammo? I'm willing to go into this with you if that's what it takes to insure your safety, but not blindly and stupidly. Let's go back to my house and get the ammo.\" \"I said I don't need your f-ing help!\" *** I knew that this was crucial. I was spending too much time. They would be on me soon if I didn't get out of here. I realized she was of course, correct. I had little chance if they brought anyone else in, with the weapons that I had. \"Don't lie to yourself Johnny. You need weapons and ammo if you plan on not escaping and possibly winning this skirmish.\" \"Okay. Let's just go back to the bikes. Get back to them and go to this house of yours.\" \"Good plan.\" She smiled and I knew that she thought that she had won, and truly in a sense she had. *** Where had the kid gone? I had men searching the hills. It was almost dark and none of them were as nonchalant as they had been when this had started out. They were scared as they had a right to be. I was about pissing my leg myself. I heard the faint sound of dirt bikes and instantly thought that the kid had somehow slipped past us, but then I realized that it was impossible with the two of them. They would have been easily noticeable especially with the bright white that Maggie's coat was. I looked back towards the way I had come, half expecting to see Maggie and the kid bursting through the trees, raining lead down on us and obliterating the police force of Basalt county as it was known today. The men had noticed my staring and like me had stopped. \"Well!? Keep moving, the more we move, the more he has to!\" I didn't quite mean what the words meant, but they seemed to and they started moving suddenly, as if they had finally had the caffeine from this morning's coffee kick in they started running through the forest like the idiots that they were. *** I was sure I looked comical with my small frame almost completely covered in gear. I looked ready for a drop, but in truth I didn't want to think about that while I was still at home. I looked at his torn and ragged clothes and walked upstairs to my room, opening the dresser that I had long ago loaded with clothes that I thought would be used when I was finally a civilian and I had found John again. \"What are you doing?\" He looked at the fresh pair of blue jeans and clean and definitely not cotton shirt along with a replica of his army jacket that was of course loaded with weapons and ammo. \"I'm getting new clothes for you, I'm not going to let you go in with a tank top on, the weather gets to be freezing at nights.\" I grabbed a bullet proof vest out of another drawer and handed it to him. \"You seem to be prepared… for what? Is trouble a common thing around here?\" I shook my head. \"I'm going back in a few weeks. I was getting my things ready.\" \"Back?\" \"Yeah, I'm not a civilian.\" There was a sharp inhale that indicated that he thought I had just been sitting around while he basically walked around the country. \"Huh. So that's why the F.B.I hasn't broken down you door because of the firearms that you have stockpiled here.\" I turned and twirled a piece of hair. \"How can I help you?\" I deepened my voice \"Do you know that these are dangerous?\" I continued to twirl the piece of my hair. \"Only to you.\" He laughed. \"Point taken. The F.B.I doesn't want to break down your door.\" He took the clothes and walked into the other room and the rustle of clothes let me know that he was changing. He came back in not looking much bulkier than he had before only more clean cut. \"Anything else you need? I'd gladly let you borrow my shower…\" he shook his head and went back towards the door. \"So we are going to do this? Even though we could easily just wait it out here? I could take you back to Ft. Bragg, they've been looking for you. Did you know that?\" He walked closer to me and I could tell that he was going to say something important when the shrill ring of the telephone made both of us jump. \"You better get that.\" He turned around and shuffled around near the door. My shoulders slumped because I knew that whatever he was going to say, I would never hear. \"Ortega speaking.\" \"Good to speak to you again when our time was cut short last time.\" I recognized Trautman's voice automatically and covered the earpiece looking around to see where Rambo was. I had a feeling he wouldn't be too happy that I had taken action toward his safety. *** I heard the male voice from the other end of the phone and I gripped the small porcelain cat that I wasn't sure fit in with the rest of Maggie's otherwise empty of decoration house. It wouldn't doo for me to break it so I set it down and walked over to where Maggie was, completely aware that she didn't want me to hear the conversation that she was having with this man. I pulled the phone away from her small hands and as I did I saw not only her ring but mine flashing in the electric lighting. \"Maggie, you have to get him away from there. Now. Maggie, are you listening to me?\" Trautman. She had already called him about me. Typical overanxious Ortega. \"I thought it was improper of you to call any of us by our first names? No, she can't come to the phone right now, and later you will get the answering machine.\" I hung up the phone and turned to Maggie, all thoughts of giving this up and just going to the Fort gone now. She had contacted the bastard before me. \"We're leaving and we're leaving now.\" She started to make noises of t protest but I grabbed her arm and led her out the door putting her near her bike and I hopped onto mine. \"We're going back into war together.\" She looked at me with wide eyes and I could only imagine what I looked like. I smirked down at her. *** I knew I should have just stopped the car and taken him from the sheriff. He's lost it. The wild look in his eyes I had only seen from a hiding spot away from my 'burial' spot. I now knew that there was nothing that I could do now. He'd let the thing inside him that yearned for conflict and war, have complete control. *** We now had the advantage over the stupid policemen. They had no clue that we weren't in the woods and from the sound of the shots in the woods, they were finishing each other off from being jittery. I stayed ahead of Maggie while going a slow pace, I wanted to be able to come back to the bikes later. Maggie conducted herself like the professional that I knew that she was. She didn't look at me for any guidance. She knew what she was doing and I was almost proud of her for that. But then I looked at the infernal braid that went down her back. I somehow knew that that was going to cause some trouble of it's own here. \"You're going to need to cut your hair.\" She looked at me with a look that was so comical that I almost laughed. \"I'm serious. You can't keep it like that.\" \"Is that so?\" She didn't believe me and continued going. I had warned her. I had tried to convince her to cut it for the three brief years that we had fought together. She hadn't given in. I heard another shot, this one was closer. Maggie hopped off her bike and put it into the weeds. Proceeding into the brush at a hurried pace. Another shot and I glanced up. I was wrong, they weren't picking each other off, they had found us. Okay people. I know you looked at it. You should really review. Okay. I know it's weird but this chapter was inspired by Famous Last Words by My Chemical Romance. Review s'il vous plait! ","Summary":" I don't own any parts from Rambo, just the plot. Ummm, I know that a lot of this is historically in"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Could you stay?","Author":"SarahShalomDavid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5350249","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Could you stay with me?\" shenasked softly, she was scared although she would never admit it outnloud, he already knew. He smiled and turned back to her,n\"Of course, I'll errm stay on the sofa\" She shook her head, \"The errm bednis big enough for the both of us\" He nodded, \"Only if you're sure\" She smiled and moved forwardnembracing him, \"Thank you\" He smiled, hugging her back, \"Nonproblem\" That night, they would sleep in thensame bed. On the opposite sides but when they awoke they would findnthemselves wrapped in each others arms, feeling safe and secure. ","Summary":" \"Could you stay with me?\" shenasked softly, she was scared although she would never admit it outn"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"The Fall","Author":"fbi-woman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3668365","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : The Fall Author : fbi-woman Rating : K / PG or whatever Type : Interpreter Spoilers : Don't read if younhaven't seen the movie lol. Disclaimer : Inown nothing and I'm not claiming to. This is just an original workninspired by a movie. Summary : Just kind of a general poemnabout Silvia's journey from the sound booth at night to the scenenafter the bus explosion. A/N : I still really hate notnhaving my poems rhyme lol. This is for a contest on one of my forums,nso please let me know what you think. And please, try to benconstructive, even if you hate it. Flaming isn't going to help. ---------------------------------------- A flash of light Her heart stood still The defining moment That changed her life The voice in thenshadows Haunting her mind Blurring the lines Of present and past The faceless beauty Of quiet resolve A master of language Imprisoned by words Her history frames her In an ominous glow No one will hear her She's left all alone Danger is lurking She feels its coldnbreath Through the cracks innthe walls Of what had been hernlife One man holds the key To breaking her fall But he masks it withnpain Staying just out ofnreach The water is rising On the river betweennthem Her cries for help Swallowed by waves He sits in the silence Just watching her break And above all the lies He now hears her call Fighting the current He reaches the shore The tortured soul Now safe in his arms ","Summary":" Title : The Fall Author : fbi-woman Rating : K / PG or whatever Type : Interpreter Spoilers : Don't"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Leaving","Author":"sleeplessinrio","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7724734","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Okay... First story ever, not so sure about it, feels more like random thoughts, hope you guys enjoy it. *biting fingernails* oh, and sorry for any mistakes and sadly, don't own anything, R&R; Her mind was filled with pain. Unadulterated grief. Such a strong, overpowering feeling that only left room for cold planing in its wake. So that's what she's doing. She's planing, she checks her bag, everything is in there, she's not so sure when planing became action or even at which stage she's at, but she just goes through the motions. She's trying so hard not to think about Tobin. That , she can't do. Not him , not today , not thoughts of him on top of her brother's death and her friend's suicide, not his gentle hands, not his soothing, strong breathing beneath her in her moment of pain. No, not any of that, not his haunted eyes telling her about a dead wife she'll never meet to envy. Nothing of his anger and concern, nothing of his care, even if is despite himself, because it is despite himself. That would not do. Ok, next step: leave the apartment. Fake shower. Ok, maybe it could be a real shower, not like the cleansing is gonna do any bad. Not with this feel of death hanging about her. She turns on the water, a warm shower, she needs, will need the comfort. Hun, comfort, like sleeping safely in his arms. The bag is made, in the bathroom, and now that she thinks about this, after the day she's had, she is certain that he's the one with the binoculars tonight, because that does sound like something he shouldn't be doing, right? So maybe she should be doing something that she shouldn't be doing, some last act not based on hatred or disappointment. The decision is not fully made yet, but her fingers are already at the buttons of her shirt, she knows he's watching her, (like she knew her brother was alive? she asks herself) the shirt slips from her fingers to the floor. Ok, so she hopes he's the one seeing this, otherwise, her last deliberate sane/insane act was wasted on a stranger, not that he 's not a stranger. The undershirt goes next, she's on autopilot now. Pants go down her legs. And she hopes he's seeing her. Bra and panties, planning the next best thing to murder she can do, exposing herself. Like that's the worse thing she can do, like she's not saying goodbye to her life and any chance of knowing him as something more than a stranger in grief. So that's her, not closing the curtains, so that's her, unhooking her bra and letting it on the bed, that's her removing her panties. She'll even sit on the bed and rethink this, hold the towel in her hand, prepare. Oh, how she hopes he's the one that is seeing her. How she wishes he could see her fractured soul and be by her side, and not give her enough room nor enough time to wallow in pain, and not giver her enough solitude to lose herself in. She'll do this, she'll caress her own face, and imagine it being his fingers, not enough pressure, just enough pressure for it to be wrong, never enough for it to be right, not when she needs him. And she'll let that hand drop, and feel her beating heart, feel her breaking heart, and feel in her womb the life that will not come to be, the life she's throwing away. And that is all she has to show tonight, that is as much as she can give right now, without him here. Back to autopilot, stand up, go into the bathroom, and close the door. She does look across to her window, she'll picture him just across the street, she's searching his pain but she's not sure anymore. Of nothing. Now she'll just take her shower. And finish this. Hello, boys and girls! Anh... it's me... again... here to beg for reviews, can't help myself! *-* Give me reviews! Pleazzzzz! Okay... I'm done, that's it. ","Summary":" AN: Okay... First story ever, not so sure about it, feels more like random thoughts, hope you guys "},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Disarmament","Author":"v-volatile","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5193967","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Where are youngoing?\" She asked, as he got up, the whiskey he'd helped himselfnto forgotten. \"You've got blood allnover your face. You can't say stuff like that with blood on yournface,\" he said, headed for the sink. And you can't ask mento protect you when I can't protect my own men, he thought, and youncan't keep me on the phone as you fall asleep, you can't pretendnI am a guardian angel, although at times I see myself that way. Sitting in her livingnroom, holding her face and wiping at the blood on it with a kitchenntowel, he noted that this was the first time he'd really touchednsomeone since his wife left him for the final time. Beyond impersonalnhandshakes. The towel could not have been gentle on an open cut, butnshe didn't flinch. He wondered, how longnhad it been since she had experienced physical affection? Since Xola,nyears ago? He couldn't picture her going out to get laid,nconsummately serious, that stern accent and stiff enunciation gettingnin the way of flirting over drinks with strangers. She reached up andnclosed her hand over his, so he let her move his hand away from hernface and dropped the towel on the coffee table, staring at her,ntrying to chart his next move, prepared to offer a sarcastic comment. He hadn't evernexpected to be disarmed. Her hands were so warm. But she just leaned inntoward him, closed her eyes, settled her head on his shoulder andnrelaxed. He felt her breathing, deeply but a little fast, as if shenwas making a concerted effort not to hyperventilate. It was anstruggle to relax, he realized, but oh how she wanted to. He held hernthat way, one hand moving over her hair and another around hernmiddle, as if she were made of eggshells, until he felt pins andnneedles in his leg. At that point she wasnsoundly asleep. It felt risky to pick her up and carry her into hernroom, but he did so anyway, and laid her down in her jacket and shoesnon top of the covers, carefully lifting the blanket from the othernside of the bed and folding it over her. As he took off his shoes andnlaid down next to her, on his side, facing the window, he put onenhand on her hip. So when she woke up she would realize she wasn'tnalone. He thought: I amnblowing this case. I am making decisions that I know are wrong. Inshould be home right now. It would help if she weren't sonbeautiful, if her voice wasn't so measured and elegant, it wouldnhelp if I wasn't so alone. He thought: I am compromising mynobjectivity here. He thought: I couldnstay here and hold her all night and if she didn't wake up once Inmight feel healed. *** But she did wake:ngasping, screaming, covered in cold sweat, imagining herself havingnbeen stuck on that bus, another body for the inferno. She threw offnthe blanket and then jumped a foot when he called her name. \"Silvia--\" \"What are you doingnhere?!\" She almost shouted, still half asleep. \"Jesus, calm down,nyou fell asleep on top of me in the living room--I moved younhere--are you alright?\" He sat up. He reached across the spacenbetween them and put one warm palm on her back. \"I'm fine.\" Shenwas shaking visibly. \"Bad dream. Thank you for putting me in bed.\"nShe sat up and started to take off her shoes, her jacket, tossednthem on the floor, got up and rearranged the bed, tossing the blanketnto the foot of it and tugging the sheet loose, wrapping herself innit. \"What time is it? I don't think I can go back to sleep.\"nShe lay down anyway and stared at the ceiling. Tobinsquinted at hisnwatch. \"It's about four.\" He heard her groan in anticipation ofnthe next day's exhaustion. \"Tobin, I'm trulynsorry about the agent you lost. I had no idea what was going tonhappen. I just wanted to ask Kuman for help.\" \"Well, for what it'snworth, we had no idea that was going to happen either. And Doug…henwas just doing his job, sticking to his subject.\" Tobinreplied, hisnvoice raspy. \"What did you dream about?\" \"The bus,\" shenmurmured. \"Of course.\" For a long moment neither of them spoke.nHe thought about the terrified look in her eyes after the explosion,nthe look she wore at her kitchen table the night that intruder stolenher mask. He imagined she looked that way now. \"Hey,\" he said, andnmoved toward her, hesitantly. \"That's over now. You're okay.\" They both fell silent,nand she reached out from under the sheet for his hand. \"Don't tell Dotnabout this, that I stayed here tonight,\" he mumbled, gripping hernhand, \"if you see her. She'll never let me forget it. It'll getnme thrown off the case.\" \"You can count onnme.\" He thought he heard a smile in Silvia's voice, circumstancesnaside. \"I can't let you get thrown off the case, can I? Withoutnyou, who would protect me?\" He smiled in the dark. \"You make a goodnpoint. Would you ever want to leave New York and go home?\" He askednher, curious. \"Or back to Europe. They told me you studied there.nMusic?\" \"Yes. I studiednmusic. I miss Africa but I don't know if I could go home, I mightnhave to go somewhere altogether new after this…situation.\" \"If you could gonanywhere?\" He asked. \"Then everywhere itnis,\" she said, sounding pleased all of a sudden \"So many placesnI'd like to see.\" \"And if you couldntake anyone with you?\" \"My brother. I'dngive anything to see the world with Simon.\" After that he stoppednasking her questions, and sleep came and went in waves, until hernalarm went off at seven. When they went to leave for work separatenways headed to the same building, he saw he had gotten a parkingnticket, and didn't care. *** \"This is how it'sndone. This is how you put a gun down. You shoot him, he'll be dead,nand then you'll be dead. And I don't know what I'll be.\" The look she gave himnsaid: What you will be is alone, and that will make two of us. Butnout of my way. He appealed to her:n\"Put it down.\" She was frozen. Hencould have been talking to himself. Tobin watched Silvia'snface as Zuwanie read the foreword of his book. She looked as if shenwas on the verge of tears—of anger—and of disappointment, what henhad called \"a lover's word.\" He considered the beautiful butndistant woman he'd met a few weeks ago, and realized that she wasnin fact a kind of warrior under all that delicate blonde. Hisninitial uneasy sensation had perhaps been intimidation. Zuwanie was on the lastnsentence, and she was shaking. Tobin realized he trusted her to backndown now. The emotional indecision of the moment had peaked and nownthey were defeated. The risk of escalation was gone, and so he wantednto help; she was in pain. He held out his hand. *** After everything, afternlying to the investigatory commission for her, after the news of hernbrother and after Zuwanie stood at her mercy, she was leaving him.nTomorrow. Tomorrow. He had lessnthan 24 hours. \"You never know whonyou'll meet,\" he'd said. He only knew that after his somewhatnsleepless night with her, he could go home and change the message onnhis answering machine and sleep in his own bed, and something thatnfelt like peace had come over him from time to time. In the park alongsidenthe river he sat on a railing and looked her in the eyes. She stoodnclose to him. He resisted the urge to learn forward and rest his headnon her shoulder. \"You'll let me knownhow you are?\" \"You'll alwaysnknow,\" she'd replied, with that mysterious smile. So he wanted to makenthat as easy as possible. \"Come with me,\" hensaid, and hooked his arm in hers, \"I have something I want to givenyou.\" He took her to his car. In the glove compartment, he had anbundle of phone cards, a global SIM card, and a cheap GSM phone,nbecause he didn't know which she would end up with, landline orncell. Or even where she would go. He had another business card withnhis home address and home phone and cell number written on the backnof it, along with a personal email address. All of this was in anmanila envelope with a goodbye note, which he'd handwritten on thenback of a takeout menu on a whim earlier in the day. He handed hernthis envelope. \"I always want tonknow where you are, and how you are doing. And I'll always reply.\" \"Okay. But, what'snthis?\" She asked, smiling again, and looked inside the envelope. \"No excuses. I gavenyou everything you'd need so we won't lose touch,\" he replied,nwhen she saw the contents. He was surprised when she reached for himnand put her arms around his neck. \"Thank you, Tobin,\"nshe said in his ear, as they stood next to the car, not moving for anlong moment. Her mouth was centimeters from his neck. \"I have tongo, I have an early flight to Dakar. But I'll be in touch. Inpromise.\" She kissed his neck, for a warm moment, and was gone. Henwas still standing in shock, next to his car, when he realized thatnhe had been left a gift as well, laid there on the hood when henwasn't looking. An envelope with a setnof keys to her apartment, and a note: Keep an eye on mynplace. It's yours while I'm gone. I have a feeling you'll takengood care of it. You can think of this as my deposit, insurance thatnsomeday I will come back. When I can. He had a feeling in hisnstomach a little like the night he thought she had been slaughterednin the shower by the assassin, but with less fear and a littlenanticipation. It was ironic that for all the Matoban refugees shenwanted to see return home, her own home was now expelling her tonMatobo, someplace which had only been able to offer pain. The rightnof return was only for a few. His testimony hadn't slowed down thendeportation one bit. So, tomorrow he wouldnlose her: but she would be his. *** They wrote letters, antorrent of them, and even more emails. They left voicemails. Spent annhour on the phone talking about nothing. He called her, one of thosenweeks, during every one of his lunch breaks. When he knew she wasnsomewhere without news, he'd note a few headlines in his message,ntell her the weather, remind her she was missed. She sent him postcards:nDakar. Accra. Bamako. Timbuktu. Then Nairobi, Addis Ababa, and ansmall town in the Rift Valley. He had photos of Matobo freshly takenntaped to his refrigerator, and a piece of green kente cloth she'dnsent tossed haphazardly on the sofa. At work, he kept a note writtennin Ku taped to the screen of his monitor, a proverb, her scrawledntranslation on the reverse where the idle eye of a coworker could notnsee it. It was a proverb about love. He caught Dot staring. Made ancomment about maybe cleaning his office, but Dot rolled her eyes. At first those card andnletters and notes from her were signed with \"till later\", until,nsometime in the following winter, months gone, the word lovenappeared. One photo from the RiftnValley: \"After dusk falls here, we only have a few minutes ofnlight. Sometimes not even enough for a photo. I miss you. Be well.nLove- Silvia.\" From Africa Silvia flewnto Brazil, and attempted to bridge the gap to Portuguese with hernelegant Spanish. She devoured South America: Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires,nLima, Santiago, Cali in Colombia, the Galapagos. Cuzco. La Paz. Henkept getting mail. But her forwarding address changed constantly, sonto reply he could only send more emails and voicemails and digitalnpictures. One night: \"I sawntwenty birds in the tree by your old place's window this morning. Inhired someone to come clean a little, and set up timers on the lightsnso it looks like you're home. I've been staying here some nightsnmyself. That way it really looks like you're home.\" That was onenof the rambling messages. What was unwritten: the way he missed her anlittle less, surrounded by her things. He wondered whonobserved the two of them, who read the physical mail, heard the phonenconversations, who intercepted their emails, and attempted to readnall the unintentional codes. Did they, too, read them as lovenletters, or did he imagine all of it alone? Some things werensignals. Once, on the phone, Silvia asked him, \"Have you metnsomeone yet? Not to say that you've forgotten Laurie, but have younmet anyone?\" \"Only you,\" henreplied, and he was certain she could hear the smile in his voicenacross the continents. \"Tobin,\" she'dnreplied, \"I'm so far away, don't you think you can do better?\"nAnd there were nights he felt he could not. Silvia was highlynliterate in a way that allowed her to write to him intimately aboutnnothing of consequence. And he was lovelorn. It made him quick tonread meaning into her words and imagine what she hinted at withnmetaphor and allegory. Sometimes she sent photos of herself in frontnof landmarks, taken by fellow tourists or local friends. He keptnthose with other irreplaceable things in his safe, in a cupboard nextnto the fridge. She was always far away in the background of thesenphotos, wearing a little smile. As she backpacked andnhiked and sat on buses and reconnected with old contacts the worldnover, he'd overhauled his apartment and looked out for hers. Once,nhe knocked on her landlord's door to ask about the financial sidenof things, ready to lie and introduce himself as a long-time friend,nonly to be told that Silvia owned the unit outright and had paid twonyears of maintenance in a single sum before she left. So with allnthose who loved her now dead, she had probably become somewhat rich.nWho knows what her brother had left her, or what Phillipe had leftnher, after walking her brother to his death and then committingnsuicide himself. Who knows what kind of will that crushing guiltnproduced. His own apartment was,nat the outset, like living in his wife's coffin. It was a long,nslow, painful process to empty it of the memory of her, of hernthings, of the layout and shapes that made him look for her aroundneach corner. He bought new curtains, laid a rug in the living room,ngave away a lot of her kitchen things. He filled up the space withnwhatever Silvia sent instead, with new books, with magazines. If you had looked atnthe room you would see he was a man transformed. *** So then came thatnspring night, on the phone, months had gone by, almost a couple ofnyears. She called him from that GSM phone he'd given her, whichnsomehow never got lost or stolen or dropped. She asked if he would benin the city the next Sunday night. \"Of course,\" he'dnreplied. \"Where else would I be?\" He strained to hear her reply.nShe sounded weak and very far away. \"You might be meetingnme at JFK then,\" she said, and his heart leapt in three directionsnat once. \" If you can, I'd like for you to meet me there…I'mncoming home. A lawyer friend of mine helped get me clearednagain—provisionally—and I'm coming back to interpret, as anconsultant for a Canadian company.\" He aimed for purenaffection...and just managed a choked up bit of gratitude. \"Thanknyou. I'll be there.\" \"I can't wait tonsee you,\" she said, and then the conversation wandered off into thenirrelevant for a few minutes, but his heart rate stayed high. \"Tobin,nI didn't want you to worry, but I've been ill. I need to comenhome. I'm calling you from the hospital in San Salvador.\" \"The hospital? Arenyou alright?\" He asked. \"Will you be able to fly?\" He alsonwanted to ask her where that home she needed actually was. \"All I did was eatnsomething that wasn't quite clean. It gave me an infection. For anfew days I was trying to self-medicate but that wasn't putting andent in it. I got worse, I admitted myself. They've rehydrated me,nand gave me painkillers and three kinds of antibiotics,\" she said,n\"can't say I'm comfortable…but I think I'll live.\" \"Silvia,\" he said,n\"take care of yourself,\" and if anyone had been listening in onnthat call, they would have known it was love. \"My friend Marina isnhere. She's keeping an eye on me and my things. I'm going to benwith her the night before I leave and I'll call you at the airport,nokay? Don't worry about me.\" \"How can you saynthat, don't worry about me?\" \"I know,\" Silvianreplied, \"you always have. I'll see you so soon. Goodnight.\" *** It was a fast week. On the expressway backnfrom JFK to the city, she reached out and held his hand for a momentnat a stoplight. He turned to her, startled, and saw her lazy smile.n\"In Bolivia, they say that a couple holding hands in the street isn'making little empanadas.' I like that.\" He looked at theirnhands, paused at the red light. \"Silvia,\" henmumbled, and then he was unsure of how to continue, but she kept hisnhand in hers and leaned her forehead against the window, peering intonthe rainy evening. \"Don't worry,\"nshe replied, as if to say: we can start from the beginning. I'mnnervous too. *** They drove back to hernapartment to eat dinner. Silvia looked exhausted, despite makingnprotests that she slept on the plane. Tobin made her toast, and anbowl of soup from a can, neither of which she could finish. Leaving the dishes innthe sink, they spent the hour before nightfall in a heap on thencouch, sleepily watching the news. Silvia did actually sleep fornfifteen or twenty quiet minutes, during which Tobin stared down atnher and considered how their lives had unfolded since the night ofnthe bus bombing. A colleague called hernabout the job that coming week. Something about lease negotiationsnand a share transfer issue for a corporate deal, in a few days. Shenagreed to appear for it, despite still being sick. The whole conversationnoccurred with her cheek pressed against the curve of Tobin'snstomach; he didn't dare move. When she finally hung up, he pullednher up towards him and kissed her and kissed her. She kissed himnback, and he held her face in his hands. \"You know, there werennights when I truly believed you might not have come back,\" hensaid. \"Was Europe next?\" \"Why, would you havenmet me in Paris?\" She joked softly, and kissed him on the cheek,nsitting up to better put her arms around him. \"I almost bought ancouple of travel guides,\" he admitted, only a half-joke, as therenhad been many lingering moments in bookstores for him, as she wentnfrom place to place and he traveled with her vicariously. \"Thank you fornwaiting for me,\" she said, and moved from the couch. He helped hernup. \"I have to take medicine and I have to sleep. I have to sleepnfor at least three days, god, I feel like I haven't slept in sonlong.\" She scrubbed at her eyes with her hands. \"But when I wakenup I want you to be here. I want to be able to talk to you and touchnyou at the same time. I missed you so much.\" \"I know,\" henreplied, \"I know, god, I know. I'm not going anywhere.\" Later that night henwoke up briefly, just to send Dot a message from his work phone: 'notncoming in this Thursday or Friday. Personal.' And Silvia didn'tnsleep for three days, only until the next afternoon. Soon he figured out hownto tell her he loved her. And she figured out how to tell him shenloved him. That part took a little longer, and it was notnsymmetrical, but they had no trouble understanding one another. ","Summary":" \"Where are youngoing?\" She asked, as he got up, the whiskey he'd helped himselfnto forgotten. \"Y"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Neither dead nor gone","Author":"ellina HOPE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2413112","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is post-movie,rna little \"what if\" piece. Essentially, Tobin and Silvia hooked uprnand started a life together in a shared apartment. Fun stuff. I don'trnown The Interpreter. (cue music) He lives for therndays spent in quiet comfort, the days that are spent sitting at theirrnmodest table in the kitchen. Mugs accompany these lazy momentsrn(coffee for him and tea for her) with steam curling upwards. He canrnafford to wear a soft sweater and baggy jeans. She can afford not tornchange out of her sweat shirt and plaid sleep pants. They don'trnalways need talk; it is often that they relax in an understandingrnsilence. Sometimes,rnhe catches her studying him with a strong curiosity and withoutrnpause. He raises an eyebrow in his questioning way, an expression shernsecretly loves. But she ducks, embarrassed, so a curtain of wispyrnhair shields her from him. \"I'mrnmemorizing your face.\" She almost mumbles as she shyly plays withrnher sleeve. She is hardly ever shy and she makes it a point to neverrnmumble. Mumbling can make words hard to comprehend, which, in turn,rncan make her one job short. Hernwants to keep the conversation light, on the surface, and far fromrndeep so he teases. \"I thought voices were your specialty.\" Shernmeets his eyes, matching his knowing grin with one of her own.rn\"Besides, I told you, I was hired for my forgettable face.\" \"Irnknow your voice almost better than my own.\" She pauses to reachrnover and brush his bangs from his eyes. As the youngest son of hisrnfamily, it is a reflex for him to jerk back from any female leaningrnforward to touch his hair. \"And your face is far from forgettable.rnI'd still like to memorize it though.\" \"Memorizernit? For when I'm dead?\" He wants her to smile again, because deeprnconversations are for serious times, not over coffee and tea inrnmorning pajamas (as opposed to night pajamas). He means no insult andrnonly humor. She takes it as such and covers his hand with hers tornprove it. \"No,\"rnshe insists, \"for when you're gone.\" The correction is madernwith a tiny smirk. It's an inside joke and he snorts as he tips hisrnhead back to drink the last of his coffee. Even so, his hand turnsrnpalm up and they lock fingers. He strokes the skin between her thumbrnand index finger. Itrnis because he understands. Hernknows what it means to be gone but not dead. Being gone is sometimesrnworse. Knowing that the one he loves is not dead but just out of hisrnreach hurts more than any bullet. The times he has to leave forrnbusiness are the moments she doesn't want to face. Those are thernnights spent not sleeping, but talking. They talk and remember. Theyrnlie on the bed they share, facing but not touching each other.rnTouching late at night can lead to things they have not the time for. Sherntells him stories of her life in Africa. It doesn't hurt to speakrnof it anymore. She tells him about her brother and sister. She tellsrnhim of how much trouble they could get into on any random day. It isrnusually a lot, depending on how old the story is. She tells him morernabout her brother's lists. She tells him about babysittingrnadventures and secret afternoons spent with her sister going throughrntheir mother's make-up. Herntells her tales of his childhood in Brooklyn. He tells her aboutrnbeing the middle son of five others, with only one older brother forrncompany versus three sisters. He tells her about nights spent homernalone gone horribly terribly wrong just because of an over-cookedrnpizza. He tells her about the fighting and hair pulling (done by bothrnbrothers and sisters). He tells her about dysfunctional familyrnholidays. He wants her to spend Christmas with his siblings andrnparents. Whenrnthose nights become mornings, she tries to stay strong and smile, butrnshe slowly and surely breaks down. As her first tears fall, he holdsrnher close, like he did so long ago. He goes one step farther, daringrnto do what he could not before. Herntries to calm her down, kissing her hair cheeks eyes neck lips mouthrnsoftly, carefully. He whispers that he will never not return and thatrnhe will always come home. It'll be okay, he says in her ear as herrngrip on his shoulder tightens to almost painful. Andrnhe does come home. He makes it a steady habit to return to her soonerrnbefore later. Those are the times that she rushes to him and he opensrnhis arms to her. She cries those times too. More often than not, sorndoes he. So happy, she says as she snuggles into his suit jacket, sornhappy you're back. He looks down at her, combing through her blondernhair with rough hands and he mutters, I am too. She makes himrndinner on those nights, darting skillfully around their small kitchenrnfrom the cutting board on the counter to the boiling pot on thernstove. He sits on a three-legged stool and watches her flit aboutrnlike a fairy armed with a serrated knife or a spatula. If she getsrntoo close to him, he'll grab her around the waist and kiss herrnneck. She'll put down her weapon and cup the side of his face.rnThose are the moments when she'll constantly tell him, I'm yours. Thosernare the nights he loses control; he doesn't just hold and kiss her.rnHe frees himself to do more. Thosernare the nights she unbuttons his shirt, letting it fall from hisrnshoulders to the floor, as she teases his chest with cool fingers.rnHer hands move expertly to his belt buckle as she stands on tiptoernand kisses him. Thosernare the nights he slips her baggy sweater (that could actually belongrnto him) over her head. He touches her gently as his hands dance uprnand down her back. Quickly his mouth moves from hers to her cheek tornher neck, memorizing the noises she makes when he kisses her inrndifferent places. Thosernare the nights they desperately need as reassurance that the other inrnneither dead nor gone. Whenrnthose nights become mornings, she makes it a point to wake up beforernhim. It is her philosophy that he always gets to stare at her so turnrnabout is more than fair play. Her hair is usually a tad messy andrnthere are always marks on her neck. The sound she makes when hernkisses her there is his favorite. She sighs and touches such arnblemish, fleetingly thinking of covering it up, as she watches him. Whenrnhis eyelids start to twitch and flutter, she kisses his mouth goodrnmorning. He smiles sleepily, tucking some white-blonde hair behindrnher ear. His hand falls, resting on her pale shoulder. He strokes atrnthe skin with his thumb absentmindedly. Shernhugs him, sliding down his body, to lie her head on his naked chest.rnAs she listens to his heart, she is reminded that he is safe and homernwith her. He traces circles on the small of her back with carefulrnfingers. As he draws, he can feel her heart beating in return and itrnconfirms that she is, and always will be, his. (cue curtain) All right, it's beenrnedited. This is still my first Interpreter story, and I'm happierrnwith it. I'm tempted to cook something up about Tobin'srnbackground (building off what I mentioned here) in the form of arnbizarre holiday dinner with his family. I don't know, we'll see.rnAnyway, same as before applies: tell me what you think. Was it good?rnWas it bad? Too vague? Too detailed? Should I be shot in the face? Uprnto you, my somewhat loyal readers. :D ","Summary":" This is post-movie,rna little \"what if\" piece. Essentially, Tobin and Silvia hooked uprnand start"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Escape","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3218734","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything from ThernInterpreter . Escape ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything from ThernInterpreter . Escape"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"A Reason to Come Back","Author":"pmochizuki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2431210","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: My first \"The Interpreter\" story; not the first story to be published on this site but I hope to just one of many more \"Interpreter\" fics! I've just gotta say… what a fantastic movie! The acting is incredible and the chemistry between Sean Penn and Nicole Kidman is electric! This story takes place just minutes after the movie ends. I thought that there needed just a bit more added to finish off the movie better. Originally written for an English project, it may seen a bit too short but due to restrictions I couldn't really develop it as well as I might have hoped to. Don't worry, I'm thinking of writing a few more chapter for this story, plus write more fics on \"The Interpreter\". Depends on how well you guys like it… Enjoy! A Reason to Come Back by pmochizuki As Silvia walked away from him, she wondered why she didn't feel as content as she should have been. She had accomplished all that she needed to do before leaving for home. Except there was the nagging feeling that there would be so much missing in Matobo that it wouldn't be home anymore. There would be no one waiting for her in Matobo. Simon was dead, Phillip was dead, and no longer would she be welcome among the compatriots she knew from her days with Ajene Xola. He would no longer be there for her either. She had left her homeland with nothing. It was only natural she would return with nothing waiting for her. Nothing except the hope that she would be able to help change Matobo for the better. No longer would her people have to worry about Zuwanie or fear his men. Perhaps there would be peace when a new government was installed. Silvia shrugged away all her depressing thoughts, focusing instead on the hope she stored in her heart. There was a new future for her country now; her wildest dreams were coming true. But what about her future? What was in store for her life? Thoughts of Tobin Keller came unexpectedly to mind. Or maybe not so unexpectedly as one might think. During the threat of Zuwanie's assassination, he had been constantly at her side. Whether I liked it or not , Silvia thought, outwardly smiling. The past week, however, during her interviews and getting ready to leave, they had hardly spoken. She knew he had been busy, too; preparing and filing his own reports. Silvia admitted to herself that she had missed him during that time. Often she had found herself casting her gaze around, hoping to perhaps find him waiting for her. He would just be blending into the background, wearing an aura of casualness and nonattachment with practiced ease. Until one noticed how his eyes took in everything; how his eyes watched her with such steady intensity. With a heavy heart she realized she would never be experiencing his gaze upon her again. His gaze which offered so much comfort and stability in times when things seemed to go out of control. Today she had said goodbye to a good friend. Someone she would have liked to have as more than just a good friend. With that admittance came the regret that she hadn't told him, and that the chance to do so had been lost forever. Shaking her head, she snapped out of her reverie as she realized that she was already turning the corner onto the block where she lived. There was still some more packing to do though most of her boxes were all packed. As she was about to go up the flight of stairs to her apartment building, she had the strangest feeling she was being watched. She lifted her gaze and froze before taking another step. There he was, Tobin Keller, sitting at the top of the stairs. He was smiling; the whimsical almost nonexistent smile which Silvia had begun to associate with his personality. He looked relaxed; how could he seem that way when her heart was beating so furiously she was afraid he could hear? Tobin seemed to sense her unease as he greeted her casually. \"Hey.\" Silvia found her voice after a moment, pulling herself together from the surprise, oh so pleasant surprise, of seeing him there. \"Hello there.\" \"Fancy meeting you here,\" Tobin said, his smile widening. She returned the look with her own smile. \"How did you get here so fast?\" \"I have a car; you don't,\" was his simple reply. For a while neither of them spoke, Silvia wondering if she would ever get tired of him looking at her with his calm, revealing eyes. Here was a man in control of himself, though she knew that he only hid his insecurities with practiced ease. Tobin had let her see his insecurities, however, and Silvia loved him all the more for that. Loved…? Did she love him? She was so startled by the word that it must have shown in her expression because Tobin frowned quizzically. \"What's the matter?\" he asked, worry lacing his words. Shrugging away his concern, Silvia tried to mull over her newly discovered feelings for this man. Love? She had loved once, though it had only ended with disaster. She was white, Ajene had been black. The color of skin… such a silly reason for two people to be apart. She now knew it had been for the best that they had gone separate ways; their passion for their country had been mistaken for a passion between a man and a woman. But Tobin… Dear Tobin … Silvia found herself feel faint with the realization that she may have fallen in love with this wonderful man in front of her. To think that she may have discovered this fact too late to tell him. But could she tell him? Now, of all times? Now, when she was about to leave the country, probably to never see him again? He came down the stairs to stand in front of her and Silvia found herself staring into his face, willing herself to remain calm even with him being so close to her. Was it her imagination, or did something flicker behind his soft gaze? He spoke before she could ponder too deeply into the mysterious expression in his face. \"There's something I wanted to tell you,\" Tobin began after a moment's pause, as if making each word a careful decision on his part. \"That night when Gamba broke into your apartment to kill you, and I thought you were in there – \" Understanding what he meant, about her actually having snuck out that night, Silvia interrupted him. \"I am so sorry for not telling you – \" \"No, no, let me finish,\" Tobin interrupted this time, shaking a warning finger at her. \"When I got to your room, and you didn't answer my calls, I almost stopped breathing.\" He placed a hand over his chest, emphasizing his words. \"I only kept going because of the slim chance you were still alive and that if I caught this guy, this whole situation would be all over. \"After I shot Gamba and found out you weren't there…\" Tobin paused as he closed his eyes and bowed his head. He took a deep breath before looking at her again and continuing. \"I felt such an enormous relief inside of me. At that moment, I… knew you had touched me here.\" Saying that, Tobin moved the hand on his chest more to his left. Where his heart was. Silvia's breath caught in her throat as she the full meaning of his words and the gesture became apparent. He cares for me… Silvia felt all disappointment, sadness, and regret from the past few weeks, from the past few years , fade away from the revelation that someone like Tobin could ever care for her. Perhaps he didn't love her, maybe not in the way she wished he might. But it was enough that he was here now, looking at her that way, and her feeling as if she could fly. Words seemed so empty in that precious moment and Silvia smiled, realizing this may be the first time she felt words to be insufficient. But it was true, right here and right now, standing in front of the man she loved. Tobin cocked his head. \"You're speechless,\" he remarked in a light tone, though there was an underlying sense of hesitant nervousness in his voice. She gave him a small smile. \"That's only because words couldn't possibly explain how much you mean to me, too.\" With that confession, Tobin's face lit up and Silvia felt her whole world brighten knowing it was she who made him look that way. She reached out to hold his hand and she felt a quiet thrill as he brought her hand up so he could place a soft kiss on her knuckles. Then he placed her hand, still grasped firmly in his, against his heart and for a while both of them just stared into each others eyes with silent acceptance. Finally, Tobin spoke. \"Would you care to have dinner with me?\" \"You know you're asking a question to which you already know the answer,\" Silvia remarked with a slight smirk on her lips. He only winked as he answered, \"Yes ma'am.\" He let go of her hand as he started leading the way and for a split second, Silvia almost felt as if the magic of the past few minutes had left. That is, until Tobin drew her close to him as they walked, arm draped casually around her waist as if they had walked in such a manner so many times before. Silvia could only lean into him as they walked in companionable silence. Who knew what the future had in store for the two of them. She sadly remembered that she was leaving for Matobo tomorrow. But one thing she knew; she would make a way to come back. She glanced at Tobin who was looking at her with a look of adoration. He leaned forward for just a brief moment to brush his lips across her forehead before catching her eyes again, a world of emotion hidden behind his eyes. Yes, she would find a way to come back. Because she knew that someone, someone special, might just be waiting for her… Author's Note: What do you think? As I mentioned, I might write a few more chapters, do you think I should continue? Please drop a note! ","Summary":" Author's Note: My first \"The Interpreter\" story; not the first story to be published on this site"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Lather, Rinse, Repeat","Author":"unique.curious.individual","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3025997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] .start. You wait, wanting this world to let you in And you stand there, A frozen light in dark and empty streets You smile, hiding behind a God-given face And I know you're so much more Everything they ignore is all I need to see You're the only one I've ever believed in The answer that could never be found Goo Goo Dolls, Let Love In Sometimes Sylvia wonders if it could have been different. She lies awake some nights, remembering. Those nights she ignores the warning in her mind, the story of this endless cycle ( she remembers washing day as a child, lather rinse repeat, and finds it an appropriate metaphor for this continuous circle ) of pain, opens the worn bag, reads through the tattered notebooks, and relishes the rush of memory. She asks herself how it came to ( guns noise yelling crying books guns Tobin anger whispers ) that; the smooth, cold grip of his gun in her hand. More often than not, she indulges in the what-ifs, ( she never could wonder what if, because what if was dangerous; what if raised the dead, and the dead don't like to be awoken, she has learned this ) imagines pulling the trigger and ending decades of destruction and murder. Then a pair of blue eyes swim to the surface, and a lazy grin, and Sylvia remembers that the Teacher is gone ( gone, not dead, because dead and gone are two different things, if dead and gone were the same, where would justice be? ) and she is here, in Africa, alone. Africa no longer holds the mystery of the ages; the siren call has weakened. The longing and drive she felt, used and thrived on, they are dead. Words have failed her, and she has failed them. She remembers before, and it feels like a different life. She remembers the dusty road and the look on Simon's face, remembers the heft of the rifle in her hands, remembers Never again Simon, I'm sorry, and walking away. And she wonders. Because in the stillness of the room, in the protection of those four walls she became the thing she vowed to fight. And a small part of her thinks maybe she never really fought it, maybe it was just for show. Even now, she finds it ironic. The nights she does sleep aren't much different, except for the way she remembers. Awake, she can filter some memories, draw lines in the sand of her mind she promises she won't cross. Asleep, the demons of her childhood, the demons she faced for years come back, and they are merciless. She fights for her sanity those nights, locked in a battle. She needs sleep to survive, but she needs to stay awake to survive. Sylvia thinks that's ironic too. Asleep, the faces of the children, torn and shredded by bullets and rocks and sand, rise to the surface, and she names each one. ( We do not name the dead… but each face won't go until she does and so she prays for forgiveness as she calls each one by name .) She sees, too, mother father sister, and her mind imagines Simon lying face down in a soccer stadium. Those are the nights she wakes up, gasping and sobbing, fingers reaching wildly beyond her. Those are the times she opens the worn bag, reaches past the ( pain misery suffering anguish anger hurt blood death ) notebooks and pulls out a well worn business card, fingers the name gently, tries to remember falling asleep on the phone and You can't say stuff like that with blood on your face, arms gently holding. Sylvia knows that the gods hate her. She sees it in the graves littering her country, in the pain and poverty around her. She sees it in her expulsion ( she feels like a school girl; expelled for inappropriate behavior ) from everything she's ever worked towards. She just wonders what she did to deserve the blow Tobin Keller became. She wonders how this works; how she could possibly have wound up loving the one man she knew she could never have. ( Never mind wanted, never mind the moments in her apartment when she dared hope .) It was ironic, and Sylvia thinks the gods are getting stuck on repeat, because that is all she sees in her life. Irony. He lost his wife. She lost her hope. And while he was still in love with a memory ( but then, hell, isn't she in love with his memory now? ) she fell in love with him. People can't compete with memories. She knows this, has gained the knowledge through years of loving who Simon used to be and ignoring who he was. And she laughs. Because she misses the protection Tobin offered, misses his anger when she shunted it, and misses the way his languid, fluid smile would light up his face. She misses everything he is, and she knows that he has forgotten her. So Sylvia hates the memory of Laurie Keller, hates with all her heart the woman who repeatedly left him in the lurch, left him lingering and loving her damned memory. At first there were postcards and letters; How are you, Sylvia, and Is Africa very hot today? But these have petered out, slowly killing any hope she could have maintained, and so she lives a lie of belief, of false, idiotic hope that will never amount to anything. And the damn gods still hate her and she is starting to hate them. This is how life goes, day after day of picking up the broken, bleeding pieces of Matobo, rebuilding a nation instead of a classroom; night after night of fighting nightmares and faces. Lather, rinse, repeat, Sylvia thinks. Lather, rinse, repeat. And then, suddenly, one day he stands at her door, and she is holding onto the frame, holding in an effort to stay upright and praying ( oh God, please ) that it isn't a dream. She looks at him, just gapes at him and damn she can't seem to speak and words - her words - are gone gone gone. That smile slowly comes out of hiding and the eyes sparkle and Hello Sylvia Broome. She feels her lips sneak upwards and bursts out laughing ( because he's here and beautiful and here ) and she feels like breathing; really breathing; for the first time since leaving him. Then he is kissing her and she is kissing him and it is everything good. Real, sharp, hungry ( not perfect, not fake, there and strong and right ) and she relaxes into the strong safety of his arms and dares to hope with a real hope. He is peppering her face with kisses, and she is crying but so is he and his voice is rough and he whispers explanations and muffled I love you's and she says them back. Sylvia thinks maybe the gods don't hate her that much anymore. She wonders if sometime in her life she did something good, worthwhile, to deserve him, but decides not to worry about it, after all, she has bigger things to think about like where can she find an apartment big enough for the two of them in Matobo, of all places? Every once and a while, when Tobin wraps his arms around her and promises never to let go, when he caresses her hair and holds her hand, playing with the ring he put there, she looks upward and mouths a thank you; after all, she isn't sure why he came but she figures it can't hurt to cover all her bases. .fin. Fandom: The Interpreter Pairing: Sylvia/Tobin Rating: PG Warnings: Slight spoilers Disclaimer: I don't own 'em, I just like to play with 'em. ","Summary":" .start. You wait, wanting this world to let you in And you stand there, A frozen light in dark and "},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Alive","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2637892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Interpreter . Alive ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Interpreter . Alive"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Phone Call","Author":"PeaceFroggy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2881642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tobin Keller put down the phone andnlooked around the room, his eyes blank with sorrow, his handsntrembling slightly. Of all the ways he imagined his wife finallynleaving him, he never pictured this. But he didn't disbelieve it forna second. It was his job to separate truth from lies, and although henusually heard more of the latter, he knew the truth when he heard it,nand this was it. Feeling cold and numb, he sat down at his desk andnpoured himself a Scotch, only for his better judgment to slide itnaway. Twelve floors below his midtown apartment the tire screechesnand car horns didn't let up, not even for a breath of silence. It wasnalmost as if nothing had happened. He reached for the phone but realisednhe had no one to call. He wouldn't phone the bureau just yet. He knewneveryone there too well to make it a short, functional call, but notnwell enough to really talk about it. They were all career driven,nlike him, trying not to let personal lives interfere with their work.nIt wasn't a selfish trait - you had to be like that to work for thenSecret Service, but it meant not one of them would know how to react.nHe wouldn't either, he thought, if a colleague called him out of thenblue and informed him that their wife had just been killed in anhigh-speed car crash near Santa Fe. What do you think? What do younsay? What do you do if it's your wife? Everyone he knew had told him she wasnno good for him. She was reckless, they'd say. Irresponsible. Hendeserved better. He wasn't a stupid man, and he knew what lead themnto say it. Sometimes she'd stay out all night and he'd wake up to annempty bed in the morning. Other times she'd leave him for days, evennweeks on end. On the odd occasion when she'd been away for some time,nhe'd feel like he didn't even know her. Perhaps this strange,nbeautiful woman wandering around his apartment in her lace underwearnand bathrobe was not his wife but someone he'd picked up after andrunken night out. It was ridiculous, and painful. Thosenwere the times when he'd come closest to calling it off. The kindnlectures from friends would begin again, but he could only nodnpatiently while his eyes glazed over, staring out the nearest window,nwondering when she would next return. All the reckless behaviour innthe world couldn't shake off his feelings for her. No matter whatnshe'd done or where she'd been, something always drew him to hernagain, and he knew in his heart it was the same thing that alwaysndrew her back to him. The room was growing darker as nightnset in, but it didn't feel right to turn the lights on. The crystalnbottle of Scotch in front of him sparkled in the moonlight. Henreached for his glass, swigged back the contents and shook off thenburn with determination. For a second he thought about calling Dot,nhis partner at the FBI. She was a fierce agent, bitter and sardonicnat times, but after countless late nights standing in the corners ofnsmoky cigar lounges and monitoring the antics of boozy foreignnministers they had ended up sharing every minutae of their personalnlives, unavoidably growing deeply fond of eachother in the process. If anyone could understand him rightnnow, it would be her. It didn't feel right though, lobbing his griefnonto her shoulders. There's was a strange relationship; they couldnconfide in eachother on all matters personal, yet at the same timenthey were not friends in the traditional sense of the word. While onnassignment, no topic was off limits, but outside of work, they barelynspoke. He once thought that if he bumped into her on the street,nthey'd probably have the sort of awkward, gesture-driven conversationnthat acquaintances have when they're not quite sure whether they knowneachother well enough to stop and talk. He never thought he'd thinknsuch a thing about a woman he'd once stayed up all night and watchednthe sunrise with (while doing night watch at an Upstate diplomat'snparty), but their's was a strictly professional relationship. He had no one to call. He wasn't surenif he wanted to call anyone anyway. Federal agent's don't needncounsellors, he decided, and poured himself another glass of Scotch.nNothing could take his mind of his wife, his ex-wife. Pictures ofnthem together stood framed around his desk. The only way he wouldnever see her azure eyes again would be through them. Thin, flimsy,nlifeless photographs the only way to revisit her. It was cruel. Hentook another sip of his Scotch, and then filled his glass up. She hadnnot been a perfect wife, he thought, but neither had he been anperfect husband. Their lifestyles were different. She was a dancer,nhe was a federal agent. She lived for the moment, wild andnspontaneous, and he had a professional duty to stay grounded, to doneverything by the book. She had a new dream for every day of hernlife, and he wasn't able to give her any of them. If they had justnone thing in common, it was that they were in love. The bottle of Scotch was empty now.nTobin drew circles in the air with his empty glass, and then sat itnback down on the desk. He looked at the clock. Nearly midnight. Henlooked around the room but there was nothing left to distract him. Asnthe numbness faded the pain he had been holding back began tonsurface. There was no one around to see him, so what did it matter.nResting his face in his hands, he broke down into tears. ","Summary":" Tobin Keller put down the phone andnlooked around the room, his eyes blank with sorrow, his handsnt"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Somebody","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2436681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Once again, I do not own anything from The Interpreter ! Dedicated: For ellina Hope, pmochizuki, possumgurl, and TheGreenFairy4789 ,rnmy fellow Interpreter writers. Somebody ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Once again, I do not own anything from The Interpreter ! Dedicated: For ellina Hope, pm"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Everything","Author":"possumgurl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2383261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Interpreter Tobin Keller sat in silence next to Silvia Broome, his eyes on the busy road and his expression unreadable. He pulled into a space in front of her apartment building and turned to face her. Silvia's head was bowed, leaving her strikingly blonde hair to fall before her eyes. Her face and neck were scattered with scratches and short gashes, which were bleeding lightly. \"Silvia,\" Tobin began, his words calm, but hard, \"why were you on that bus?\" Silvia turned her head to look up at him, her cold eyes boring into his own. \"I can't tell you.\" Tobin hit the dashboard in frustration. \"Damn it Silvia!\" He roared, lowering his head to rest in his hands. \"Why not?\" Silvia looked away, her chin shaking with the effort to hold her composure. \"I can't tell,\" she told him quietly. \"But it has nothing to do with you.\" \"It never has anything to do with me, does it? Well how about this, hmm? What has this got to do with me?\" Tobin leaned over and grabbed her chin fiercely, forcing his lips onto hers. It took a moment for Silvia to register what had happened as Tobin's lips slanted across to rest against her cheek. \"Tell me,\" he breathed. \"What does this have to do with me?\" Silvia grasped his head as his lips began to venture down her pale neck. He moved his head back up to meet her lips again, and this time, she responded, kissing back with as much passion as he had shown. \"Tell me,\" he hissed, his lips on her ear. \"What does it have to do with me this time?\" Her response came slowly, barely even a whisper, but it was there. \" Everything .\" Complete ","Summary":" The Interpreter Tobin Keller sat in silence next to Silvia Broome, his eyes on the busy road and hi"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"A Calm Slip and a Convulsive Search","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2387568","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing of The Interpreter ! A Calm Slip and a Convulsive Search ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing of The Interpreter ! A Calm Slip and a Convulsive Search"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Leaving Africa","Author":"Sini","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3309093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own The Interpreter or any of the characters associated with the movie. A/N: OK, so I finally decided to take a chance and write this story. Right now I have no idea how many chapter's there'll be or how frequent the updates will be but I really had to get this out of my head. :) LEAVING AFRICA[Chapter 2] Disclaimer on chapter one. A/N: Thank you Mindy for your review. You gave me a nice boost and I decided to take a stab at this story. Thank you! LEAVING AFRICA Chapter 2 Tobin was pacing around his apartment, trying to calm his nerves but the attempt was proving unsuccessful. Today was the day Silvia was coming back. Back to the States, back to New York and back to him. At least he hoped she was. The last few months had gone by slowly: Tobin had been struggling not only with losing his wife but Silvia as well and he had been desperately trying to get one of the women he had lost back. Working had helped him let go of Laurie and the hope of seeing Silvia again had helped him carry on. He had loved Laurie deeply but was now aware of the fact that maybe she wasn't his only chance at happiness. A little over three months ago most of his thoughts had been revolving around Laurie but it was all different now. Tobin was glad that he was able to move on, despite his initial feelings. His current feelings were utterly conflicting and it was driving him crazy. He was unsure of what to expect once Silvia got back. Did they have a silent, mutual agreement about trying to begin a relationship? Or had the emotions been caused by the dramatic circumstances? Were they just friends? He knew he was kidding himself – his feelings for her went far beyond the limits of friendship and he could only hope Silvia harboured similar feelings. Glancing at his watch he noticed it was time to leave if he wanted to be at the airport in time to greet her. He grabbed his jacket and exited his apartment complex. A smile spread across his lips when the realization hit him – the wait was over and Silvia was coming home. Tobin told himself to hold on to that thought and forget all the doubt. Things would work out. They had to. Tobin stood under a sign that read 'Arrivals'. His heart was pounding two times too fast and he kept on shifting his gaze between the gate and his watch, torturing himself. Once in a while he subconsciously tapped his fingers and bit his lip. The anticipation was starting to get the best of him. Then he saw the gates open and a long line of people started walking through. He noticed he was holding his breath and not a moment too soon he spotted the woman he was waiting for. Their eyes met and huge smiles appeared on both their faces. Closing in the distance between them, they embraced each other. Tears were dwelling in the eyes of both of them as they held on tight as if not to lose each other again. \"I've missed you so much,\" Tobin said and kissed her gently but firmly on the lips. \"I missed you too,\" Silvia replied, still not moving away. Tobin took hold of her hands and squeezed them gently. He took in her appearance and concluded that she was as beautiful as ever. Her hair was a little longer and there were some minor scrapes on her arms. She looked a little thinner than before, which he found concerning. But nevertheless, she was actually standing in front of him. \"I can't believe I'm home!\" Silvia exclaimed as she wrapped her arms around Tobin. The moment was overwhelming for them both. Tobin couldn't remember the last time he had been this happy. And did she just call New York her home? The pair didn't know how long they had been standing in front of the gates but they didn't really care. They had been waiting for this moment for too long. For the first time since the day their paths had divided life tasted good and they had no plans to let that feeling escape. THE END. Originally I was planning on making this story longer but I quite like it the way it is and my muse has moved on to other places anyway... Much love to all of you who have read this :) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own The Interpreter or any of the characters associated with the movie. A/N: O"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Safe","Author":"TheGreenFairy4789","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2435227","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Safe \" Silvia! \" Tobin screamed as he kicked in the door of her apartment. Wildly, he looked all over her living room. He slid along one of the walls when he saw the man, whom he believed to be Gamba, and he fired his gun at him. The man had been too quick for him and dove behind another of Silvia's African accented walls. The bullet hit a mirror in her bedroom. Then a gunshot rang out from a different gun, and Tobin flew to the opposite wall to protect himself. Within a matter of seconds, the two men began to play a deadly game of hide-and-seek. Tobin could only imagine what had happened to her. Was she in her bathroom? From the doorway he was leaning in he could hear the shower running and see steam coming from the bottom of the door. However, he heard no sound of someone in pain. Finally he could tell the man was going to make a run for the bathroom door and frantically Tobin fired his weapon through the wall separating the two of them. Quickly, Tobin raced into the room and found him dead from two of his gunshots. The blood began to pool across one of Silvia's ornate rugs. Without a glance back, Tobin raced for the bathroom. Wrenching the door open, he could hardly make out anything. It was like fog and heat were all that existed. His heart raced as he pulled back the curtain that contained several bullet holes. Oh, God… he thought silently as he saw she wasn't there. Relief flooded into him like an unknown force. He headed back into her bedroom, past the body of Gamba, and out onto her fire escape. He chastised himself immediately. Of course she wasn't there, he reasoned, because he would've seen her there from the apartment across the street. He raced through the rest of the house—kitchen, living room, closet; she was no where to be found. \"Damnit, Silvia,\" he breathed in frustration. Where had she gone? After calling Woods and having her drive around the block twice, Tobin went home. All he knew was that she was \"going home.\" After listening to the answering machine, he put his head in his hands in frustration. Gamba was dead, yet something didn't feel right. Gamba couldn't have been working alone in the assassination attempt. It would all be too convenient. And what about Silvia? She was in her apartment directly before the attack, (as Tobin had seen her go into the bathroom when he noticed Gamba enter into her apartment), but wasn't even there when it happened, as if she knew it was going to happen. \"…Oh, Silvia,\" groaned Tobin, lost in his thoughts. From out of nowhere he heard a small gasp, and spinning on his heels, Tobin saw the very woman who was invading his thoughts. \" Silvia? \" he asked incredulously. \"I'm sorry,\" she muttered apologetically, standing only several feet behind him, as if she had just been approaching him. \"How did you get in here?\" he questioned her, however, his tone had softened. She waited a beat before answering. \"I picked it.\" Tobin just sighed, wary of what was coming. \"Are you staying?\" he asked, almost conversationally. He gestured to the couch in his living room and the pair silently sat down on it, completely aware of the other's presence and mood. \"Maybe for a little while…but I best be gone before morning—\" \"Then who's going to protect you?\" Tobin wanted to know. Silvia looked to the side, out the window. Tobin had a crystal clear view of the city from his apartment, but no one to share it with, to gaze out at it beside him. She turned back to him, a nervous edge to her voice. \"I don't think I need protection anymore,\" she stated simply. \"I'm going home.\" \"To Matobo?\" Tobin caught on at once. Silvia nodded in resignation. \"I may not be safe there, but it's more dangerous for me to be here.\" Tobin didn't know how to respond to that. She was leaving. Leaving me And just as suddenly as the subject was touched, Tobin changed it. \"Silvia, how did you know there was going to be a man in your apartment who was going to try and kill you?\" there was pain in his voice on the last part. Silvia visibly became upset. \"I knew it would happen sooner or later—\" \"I was right across the street; didn't you feel safe enough?\" he threw back, bitterly. What had come over him? \"Don't you know there is no thing as 'safe enough'?\" she retorted. They gazed icily, or rather, heatedly , at one another for a long moment. For the umpteenth time that day, Tobin let out a sigh. \"Silvia, what are you doing here?\" it seemed to be the final question she was going to get from him, a man of few words. So the woman of many words gave a simple response. \"Because I feel safe with you,\" the words had barely left her mouth and already she felt the air between them change. The tension that the air had been wired with suddenly decreased and Tobin visibly relaxed. Silvia had become nervous once again and she slowly turned to look out at the cityscape. The night looked calm, calmer than she felt. She could feel Tobin's eyes boring into her skull, looking at her, memorizing her. He's afraid to lose me , she mused silently. We've come so close together… The look in his eyes at the UN earlier that day would be burned into her memory forever. Philippe was dead, and he was forced to be the bearer of bad news. He had been strong for her, even when he didn't have much strength of his own left to give. The knowledge of her brother's death had been haunting her all day, but the assumption had been there for so long anyway, it didn't change much. However, the man sitting across from her had turned her world upside down in a matter of only a few days. How was she supposed to just walk away from it all after Zuwanie's imminent arrival the next day? How could she ever thank this man enough? Silvia turned ever so slowly back and met his waiting mouth halfway. Tobin pressed his mouth to hers ever so delicately, as if he were unsure of how to kiss her. His hands roamed for the back of her neck to pull her closer, and she reached to put her arms around his waist to feel his warmth. He continued to kiss her, with a reserved passion, as if he didn't want to break her or scare her away. Soon he opened his eyes to her eyes and she smiled a rare smile at him. \"Your jacket's soaking wet,\" she whispered, breaking the kiss. He smirked at her; she must've been freezing, too, after all, there had been a rainstorm in the heat of it all. Tobin slid off the jacket of his suit and removed the cardigan she had over her blouse. He brought her onto his lap and encircled his arms around her long, lean body. \"That better?\" he teased her. \"Yes, thank you.\" Silvia gave him the first kiss this time, and it lingered for several minutes. After a long, calming silence had fallen over the two of them, Silvia broke the silence. \"Can I stay with you…tonight?\" she asked warily. Tobin loved the way her accent highlighted every word in the sentence—the pitch, the articulation. She was very serious in tone. \"Yes.\" For a man whose wife had recently died, there was a sense of comfort from her that he could never have expected. Maybe he wasn't being honest with himself. But just as quickly as the thought had entered his mind, he admonished it. Laurie…had left him. She was going to come back to him, but it would only have been a matter of time before she was gone again. Gone and dead… He could not and would not compare Silvia to Laurie. Silvia was complex and mysterious. Laurie was…just a mystery. Silvia, as far he knew, was honest to herself, and how could Laurie have been that way if she were dancing between two different men? \"Tobin?\" Silvia's query brought him out of his thoughts. Somewhere between his last response and her question they had managed to lie down next to each other on his couch. Silvia reached out a hand to touch his hair. \"Yes, Silvia?\" he answered. \"I know what you're thinking. And I won't ask you to reveal it, because I cannot expect anymore of you than I can expect from myself. But don't let it wear on your mind,\" she mildly advised, though she was sincere. Tobin sincerely replied back, \"It won't.\" With that, he kissed her forehead, and pulled her body closer, to protect her.[Chapter 2] A/N : Thanks to everyone who reviewed! I just felt there was more to write after the first part (which kind of leaves you hanging because you don't know how you wind up with Silvia on Tobin's couch to Silvia having disappeared again on Zuwanie's arrival)so here is the ending to satisfy me and you. Hope you enjoy and please R/R afterward! -----TheGreenFairy4789 Part II–Touch and Go At around two in the morning, it became quite apparent to Tobin that someone else was sharing his black leather couch with him. A familiar perfume invaded his nostrils as he inhaled the scent of his companion. Silvia... Yes, it was definitely Silvia Broome. His body was resting on hers a little too forcefully, so he shifted his weight ever so slowly to relieve her of any discomfort. But not slowly enough... \"Hmm...\" Silvia murmured in her sleep. She sank closer to his body warmth. \"Hey,\" he whispered back. \"Hey,\" a groggy, throaty sound escaped her mouth. Her long eyelashes lifted up toward his similarly questioning eyes. She arched an eyebrow in protest. \"How long have I been asleep?\" she asked, slowly stretching to sit up. \"Or rather, how long have you been watching me sleep?\" A small smile began to curve at her lips. It made Tobin mirror her actions. \"Well, you know, that is what I do best–watch people.\" He leaned down, much more boldly than earlier that night, to kiss her before her smile faded. However, she scooted shyly away from him on the couch. The moment she moved out of his body heat she regretted it. \"Tobin–\" she offered his name as an apology, but it came across as a scold. \"Don't–you don't have to...\" he slid his legs onto the ground and put his head in his hands. While running his hands through his hair, he realized the conversation they had flirted with earlier was going to happen now. And it scared him to no end. He had never been so vulnerable in his life to another woman's actions, and he knew that Laurie's death was just a contributing factor–not the whole reason. \"Tobin,\" she began delicately. \"Edmond Zuwanie is arriving here tomorrow afternoon...and now that Gamba is dead...\" Tobin felt that she was having a struggle within herself. Was there remorse in her voice? It couldn't be. Silvia had said she didn't want Zuwanie to die, and now he truly believed her, but what else could she possibly mean by the tone of her voice? \"And now that Gamba is dead, Zuwanie won't be assassinated,\" Tobin finished for her, begrudgingly. \"Same old, same old,\" and then he said the words he didn't think he'd ever say again to her: \"I don't think you're telling me the truth.\" Silvia shot him back a hurt expression, though inwardly she knew it was true. What she was going to do tomorrow... Tobin had no idea. And that was the way she wanted it to remain. He'd never let her go through with her plan otherwise. However, she was dangerously close to slipping up with her plan and she decided it was time to leave, no matter how much it was going to hurt her. If things went according to schedule, she'd never see Edmond Zuwanie–Matobo's horrific \"teacher\"–again. Although, she'd never see Tobin Keller again, either. \"Why would I tell you it if it weren't the truth?\" she sputtered, and he bristled, but then her tone softened. \"The truth is...I'm leaving today. So I can't imagine that I'll–\" A pained expression came to his face, making her words stillborn, and he finally was able to hold her gaze. The sadness radiated from him in waves, and she stood up and grabbed her now dry cardigan from the edge of the coffee table. Tobin stood up with her, feeling his muscles tense with age and stress. He followed slowly behind her as she made her way to his door. Ever so softly she placed the sweater back on her arms, and Tobin reached out his arms to connect with her body again. He gently slid his hands up and down her arms, warming her in a nervous habit of his that said, \" Don't go .\" He brushed her bangs out of her face with one hand and he swallowed somberly. \"I can't believe I'm saying goodbye to you,\" he admitted, feeling his eyes well up. \"It's never really goodbye,\" she whispered, and he pulled her into a tight hug. \"It's not supposed to be goodbye...\" Silvia loosened her grip on him so that only her left hand was consumed in his right one. She pulled away from him and slowly looked him in the face. Uncertainty read across their faces like books. Unsure of himself, Tobin gritted his teeth in an attempt not to lose his cool. Silvia was impatient with him to let go of her hand, which he held in a vise-like grip, but at the same time, she just wanted him to move so that damn expectant look on his face would leave. Couldn't he see she was on the verge of tears? The verge of losing her nerve? As if he had no restraint anymore, Tobin pulled Silvia back to him and kissed her with an urgency she had never felt from anyone before. She let out a little moan as she began to cry, realizing that this was all she would have left of him in her mind, and she didn't want it to end. Tears of his own began to mix with hers and no matter how hard he tried to keep her with him, he was losing the battle. If she would stay with him, it couldn't be because she felt grief for him and his own sorrows. God knew she had enough of her own. This was not the time for them to be together. The intensity of their kissing had finally begun to dwindle and now he laid sweet kisses on her cheek, forehead, and eyes. He just didn't want to let go of her... Silvia suddenly felt him pull away from her and an ill relief began to wash over her body. He was allowing her room to leave now. He had, to the best of his ability, accepted her departure. Without a word and only a long, meaningful glance of \" will I ever see you again? \" Silvia slipped out the door and down the elevator to wherever she was headed. Tobin could only gaze at the air that had once been occupied with her, in his still, dark and lonely apartment. After sitting in the dark for two hours more, Tobin went up to his counter top and found his answering machine. After gazing at it for a long moment, Tobin deleted Laurie's last message home. What good would it do him just waiting there for him, haunting him? He went back to his couch and finally rolled over and slept, being able to smell the lingering scent of Silvia. At about six, gray light began to shine through his large windows onto his face. Edmond Zuwanie would be arriving that very morning to speak to the General Assembly at the UN. Tobin's eyes were sore from the tears that had been shed only hours before. His face was lined with a hint of stubble and his clothes bore into him as he had slept uncomfortably in them the whole night. A miserable feeling began to swell in the pit of his stomach. She's really gone. I can't believe she's gone... His eyes scanned to his coffee table and he saw a newspaper he had picked up the day before with a picture of the explosion remains of the bus on it. A thought dawned on him that gave him the slightest bit of hope. Why would Silvia just leave the country...the very day the man who had her brother killed was visiting as a head of state, trying to keep the peace? It wasn't possible. Maybe there was a chance she would still be there–at the UN. If not, (as Tobin had been told what failed attempts on a man's life could due for his image) he needed to do his best to make sure nothing happened to Zuwanie. He owed her that much. Well, I think that's the end for this \"missing scene\", though I know it won't be my last Interpreter fic! Hehe. Hopefully I haven't confused anyone with the plot...it's kind of twisted because the characters are so angsty, but really it only takes place over the period of one night (between Tobin killing Gamba and Zuwanie arriving at the UN) at Tobin's apartment. If you have any questions or comments, please leave me a review! I really appreciated the ones I received for just the first part of this; it made my day! ;-). Also, I noticed that after I had submitted my story, a lot of the words appeared to stick together, as if I hadn't put spaces inbetween them. I never write like that, and I certainly wouldn't have submitted it if I knew it looked like that...so I'm keeping my fingers crossed that this story comes out perfect! Lol. TheGreenFairy4789 ","Summary":" Safe \" Silvia! \" Tobin screamed as he kicked in the door of her apartment. Wildly, he looked all "},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"Home","Author":"Christophine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12391868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Home It felt good to be back in the stable. Patch stood just in the open stable door, breathing in the deep scent of hay and cinnamon. His fellow elves complained that the stable stank of reindeer, but somehow the smell had never bothered him. He couldn't remember just when he'd left his place in the sleep quarters to take residence in the stable-he'd been awfully young so many millennia ago-but it had been home ever since. The reindeer chortled, and each stampeded to the front of their hutches to stamp their hooves ta him. \"Hello, there! Prancer!\" he called, hurrying to the first. \"And Dancer, old fellow, how've you been?\" Even Vixen, old and grumpy as he often was, stood alert and waiting for Patch's affectionate greeting. \"I missed you all!\" he said. \"I don't know what I was thinking when I left, but it's good to be back.\" \"It's good to have you back.\" Puffy appeared from behind some sacks of reindeer feed, wiping his hands on his apron. Patch's gaze was drawn immediately to the apron, but somehow it didn't bother him as it had before. He'd been through a thing or two since then… Puffy nodded at the reindeer as he came to Patch's side. \"They've missed you. Not one of them's eaten a thing since you left.\" \"You're joking!\" Puffy huffed. \"Well, they didn't eat easily.\" \"Who's been looking after them? They must not have been doing it right! Imagine, reindeer not eating…\" \"I have.\" Patch fell silent. Puffy wouldn't look him in the eye. Instead, he fiddled with the apron. \"As it turns out, reindeer watching is something I'm not good at.\" \"Oh, I see.\" Patch couldn't quite think of another thing to say. They stood there silently, the red apron between them. Then, not standing it any longer, Patch thrust out a hand. \"Look, about this whole thing, I'm sorry. I got my pride hurt, that's all. I should have stepped quietly out of the way from the beginning…\" His final words were wrung out of him, as Puffy seized and hugged him so tightly he couldn't take another breath. \"It's good to have you back. We're were both ridiculous fools. And we're not going to say another word about it.\" Puffy drew away at last, beaming and patting Patch on the shoulder, looking rather foolish. Patch rather knew how he felt. \"Now, feed the reindeer, please. Cupid almost bit two of my fingers off the other night.\" And then Puffy turned on his heels and sped off as though the reindeer were nipping at his feet. He could barely move fast enough to hide his reddened cheeks. Patch felt quite the same, as his smarting eyes began watering… \"Oh, boys,\" he exclaimed, laughing through the tears,\"It's good to be home!\" ","Summary":" Home It felt good to be back in the stable. Patch stood just in the open stable door, breathing in "},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"Thawing Out Frosty","Author":"TheConjuringMind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13049001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N - I'm aware that this is terribly out of season, what with the fact that summer has only just ended, and Fall is only just on its way, but I couldn't help myself. I've had this story on my computer for a long time, and it was getting dusty just sitting around, so I figured I might as well post it. This story is centered around Bernard and Scott's friendship, and how it grew throughout the first and second films (though to be honest, it's mostly just the films from Bernard's point of view). It starts off where Scott first arrives at the Pole, and moves on from there. I'd intended to add scenes we didn't get to see in the first film in order to bridge the gap between it and the second one, but I've mostly left this untouched since way back when I wrote it, so it is currently incomplete. I plan on finishing it sometime this winter (maybe sooner), by adding scenes between them from the second film, but until then this is what I've got. Enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own The Santa Clause. \"Hey, look! Here comes the new Santa!\" Says a cheerful little elf as the sleigh makes its return. Bernard is skeptical as he walks around the room with his arms clasped behind his back, his eyes looking at those of the younger elves as they gather around the landing sleigh. Even though the old Santa is gone, he quietly ponders if the new Santa will be any better than the last. When the youngest elves; Marla and Maely look up at the new Santa with excited eyes, Bernard can't help but smile a little as well. He truly hopes that the new man tasked with the job will be more patient and kind than the one before, and that his love for the elves will be genuine. Bernard watches as the new Saint Nick approaches Larry, and questions him with a confused look on his face. After not receiving a satisfying answer, he then walks over to another, older-looking girl elf with a brown hat and shawl. \"Who's in charge here?\" he asks. \"You are!\" the girl responds irritably. Bernard is quick to step in. He doesn't want any of the elves getting on the new Santa's nerves before he gets settled in. Even though the last was terribly rude and disgusting, he thought that perhaps if they were more accommodating, he would've given them a bigger break. \"Hey! Who's causing all the trouble around here?\" Bernard questions, giving both of them a once-over. \"He is.\" \"She is.\" The pair say in unison, the new Santa briefly pointing a finger in the elf girl's direction. \"Excuse me, are we on a coffee break?\" Bernard asks, waving his hands before resting them on his belt. \"We don't drink coffee.\" The girl states plainly. \"Then. I. Guess. The. Break. Is. Over .\" Bernard snaps. \"Back to work. Thanks.\" The young elf walks off in a rather defeated manner, and the new Santa looks over his shoulder to watch her disappear into the crowd of working elves in the distance. The look he gives seems rather sympathetic, and Bernard can't help but feel a little guilty about making such a fuss over the situation, if only for a second. \"Take it easy on her, will ya? Who are you?\" \"I'm Bernard. Nice to meet ya, Santa.\" The male elf responds, before walking off as well. Scott Calvin, the new Santa, following behind him. \"I'm not Santa!\" The man exclaims. \"I've had a rough night. There's been dogs barking, guns going off. Look , my back's killing me. Have you ever tried to shove a sea kayak down a chimney? I'm tired of this small talk.\" Bernard stops in his tracks, puts his hands on his hips, and turns around to face him. \"Hmm. The other Santa disappeared, right?\" He says, half smiling at the man's dimness. Calvin just stares at him dumbfounded. Well , Bernard figures , if he's that dim then he can't be too bad... Bernard started to walk away again. \"Wait a minute. Hey! I know where this is going,\" Scott says, quickly trailing behind him. \"It wasn't my fault. The other guy fell. It was an accident. I've got homeowner's insurance and a good attorney. Not as good as my wife's,\" he admits. \"but let's not open up that wound.\" He cringes to himself as the pair walks off into a long hallway. \"Hold it a minute. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.\" Scott reached Bernard's shoulder to get his attention, effectively stopping him once again. \"How did you know the other guy was gone?\" He asked curiously. \"Can I get you a drink?\" Bernard offered instead. \"No, I don't want a drink .\" \" I'm thirsty!\" Charlie, Scott's son, replied as he walked up behind him. \"And hungry, too.\" \"Charlie, I thought I told you to stay in the sleigh!\" his father reprimanded. \"Who's this?\" Bernard asked, eying the young child, his curiosity peaked. \"He-He's...\" Scott hesitated for a second, before deciding to respond. \"This is my son, Charlie.\" \"I'm sorry. Charlie, this is...Boo...Buh-Buh...\" Scott gestured toward the older elf, who barely kept from rolling his eyes. \"Bernard.\" He finally chipped in. \"Bernard.\" finished Scott apologetically. \"Hi, Bernard.\" said Charlie, offering his hand with a smile. Bernard was quick to take it. It wasn't often that the elves actually got to see the children that they would be making toys for, and being able to shake the hand of a young child potential of receiving one of their gifts was an extraordinary feat. \"Hiya, sport!\" The elf greeted, his grumpy mood temporarily evaporating into one of supposed joy. \"Hey, Dad, he called me \"sport\" just like you!\" said Charlie, smiling and nudging his father. \"Wonderful.\" Scott nodded curtly. \"Hey, you know what?\" Bernard smiled down at the young child. \"I got something for you,\" Scott groaned, his patience beginning to wearing thin. \"Okay, now hold out your hand, all right?\" the elf said, reaching into his satchel to retrieve something. \"Now, be very careful. This is very old, just like me.\" He handed the young boy a shiny silver globe that was infused with magical powers. Normally the elf would never give out a gift of such extravagance. But he got the feeling that the child would find more joy in knowing of the new Santa's whereabouts than he would. With how far behind he and the rest of the elves were on their new year's schedule, he doubted that he'd have much time to keep tabs on the new Santa anyway. \"Shake it up, Charlie,\" Bernard encouraged him, watching the child's face light up once the silver ball did its magic. \"Why don't you, uh, hold onto it for me for a while?\" Bernard smiled lopsided. \"It might come in handy.\" \"Thanks,\" Charlie beamed. \"Thanks a lot! I promise I'll take real good care of it.\" \"Make sure you do.\" Bernard said, wagging a finger at him. \"I will.\" ~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~ \"Let me explain something to you, okay?\" Bernard said in a much quieter tone, putting a hand on Scott's arm, and ushering him through the workshop. \"Toys have to be delivered. I'm not gonna do it. It's not my job. I'm just an elf. It's Santa's job, but Santa fell off a roof, your roof. You read the card, you put on the suit. That clearly falls under the Santa Clause, so now you're Santa, okay?\" He said irritably, as he let go of Scott's arm and stopped to stand in front of him. \"A question;\" Scott said. \"What?\" Bernard all but snapped. \"When can I get outta here?\" Just then Charlie ran up to him and Bernard, the magic snow globe in his hand. \"Dad, you gotta see this place!\" He exclaimed excitedly. \"You leave tomorrow morning.\" Bernard explained. \"You have 11 months to get your affairs in order, and you're due back here Thanksgiving.\" He said a little more easily. \"I'm not coming back here on Thanksgiving!\" Scott protested. Not coming back? the older elf thought, who did he think he was? The new Santa? Oh right... He guessed he'd have to accommodate him after all.. \"I'll. Ship. The. List. To. Your. House .\" Bernard suggested through gritted teeth. \"What list?\" Scott asked, dim-lit as ever. \"Come on, now,\" Bernard half smiled, hoping that this was a joke and not a real inquiry. \"The list .\" Bernard raised his brows to see if it registered with him. But Scott still seemed bewildered. Bernard looked away from him, exasperated, then quickly looked back and half sung, half mumbled; \"He's making a list,\" \"Checking it twice,\" Charlie chipped in, only much louder. Then the entire workshop instinctively sung back; \"Gonna find out who's naughty or nice,\" Bernard looked all about the large room full of jolly, singing elves, and then covered his face for a brief second in shame. \" Ugh ,\" He said in annoyance. \" Look , you put a \"P\" next to the kids who are nice and a \"C\" next to the naughty ones.\" \"\"P\" and \"C\"?\" Scott questioned, scrunching up his face in confusion. \"Yeah!\" Charlie said, \"\"P\" for present, \"C\" for coal, right, Bernard?\" \"Right!\" Bernard said with a nod, and then turned away and began walking off. At least someone understood it. With any luck the kid could just help him, and all the hard stuff would be taken off his back. \"Wait a minute! How do I know who's good and bad?\" Scott protested. Or not. \"You'll know,\" the elf assured him, trying once more to get back to the real task at hand; making sure everything ran smoothly for the coming Christmas. \"What if I don't want to do this?\" Scott grumbled, interrupting the older elf's preporational thoughts. Bernard stopped in his tracks. His face reflecting that of horror, as he spun himself around to face the new Santa. \"Don't even kid about a thing like that!\" \"Why not? What if I don't buy into this 'Santa Clause' thing? What if I choose not to believe it?\" Just then, every elf in the workshop quit working, and turned around in their seats to face him. \"Then there would be millions of disappointed children around the world.\" Bernard said, unflinching. \"You see, children hold the spirit of Christmas within their hearts. You wouldn't want to be responsible for killing the spirit of Christmas, now, would you...Santa?\" Scott winced. He was just trying to make a point, not destroy all joy from children around the world as he knew it. But the older elf looked hurt, more so than offended, and that only made him feel worse about it. Bernard stalked off again, talking over his shoulder. \"Judy will take you to your room. Get out of the suit, it needs to be cleaned.\" \"And taken in.\" Scott felt the need to add, if only to get his mind off what he'd previously been told. \"Then get some sleep. We've got a lot of work to do and only a year in which to do it,\" ~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~ A/N - Let me know if there are any typos or grammatical errors. I'm trying to brush up on my spelling. ","Summary":" A/N - I'm aware that this is terribly out of season, what with the fact that summer has only just e"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"shannon's christmas wish","Author":"shannonphantomhive18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11876053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a christmas story ","Summary":" a christmas story"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"Santa's Secret","Author":"mewtwo123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12286038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey it's me mewtwo123 I don't really celebrate Christmas but my dad does and so I dedicate this to him... enjoy :) Santa's Secret Classified, TOP SECRET!- Please don't tell , Santa or the elves! Sometimes events happen in life that are just too important of a lesson to not be retold. This secret is just a story, told by myself, SugerPlum- I'am Cluas' family beagle. This is a tale of unrecognized self sacrifice, determination, love and support of one's spouse that occurred many Christmas ago of which exact year I do not recall. Now, we all know the stories of how Santa works so hard throughout the year with his elves to make sure every good boy and girl, checking his list at least twice, gets a new toy on Christmas morning. We also know the well known tail of Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer helping guide Santa's sleigh one Christmas night. This story is of a Christmas that may have never have happened and maybe , just maybe, would have meant we would never see presents from Santa on Christmas morning again! It all started one mid-December with the hustle and bustle of last minute Christmas Eve trip plans being made. Santa was having a little more stress this year than usual, a sleigh rail cracked as they started to add some of the load so it needed emergency repairs, toys destined for certain countries were now required to have new safety labels applied which had everyone scrambling and a shipment for earth-friendly recycled, soy-ink wrapping paper was delayed by over a week! The stress, no rest, not eating properly and not taking his vitamins were affecting Santa's health and by Christmas Eve day he had to call the doctor to help his condition. The doctor stood by Santa's bed, with Martha Cluas by his side, and said: \"your running a very high fever, you're experiencing dizziness and your body is total fatigued, I recommend for your health and safety that you do not leave this bed tonight!\" Of course, this was not acceptable, Santa had to fly tonight. The children of the world depended on him! Martha then walked with the doctor to the door while he explained the life threatening risk Santa would be taking. Martha then walked back over to Santa and tried to reassure him everything would be all right, for him to get some rest. She went off to make him some soup to make him feel better. Off to the kitchen to make him some homemade organic chicken soup/ vegetable noodle soup and a cup of hot decaffeinated green tea with honey, lemon and a cinnamon stick. Off to his bedside with the tray, he ate, drank and his eyes got heavy. He fought off to sleep but she made sure she assured him to take a short nap and that he would feel better when he awoke. Martha knew that in his condition once he was asleep he would not wake any time that night. Martha dashed off to the bedroom to apply a cottony beard, then to the closet to dress on that famous red suit. The elves came to report that the sleigh was repaired, all the other details were in check and the toys were loaded and ready to go on! One of the elves soon noticed that Santa's \" Ho-Ho-Ho \" didn't sound quit the same but Santa (or Martha) quickly addressed the concern by indicating it was just the medication the doctor had given. Off to the barn where the reindeer and sleigh were awaiting. Mrs. Santa walked over to Rudolphine and the other reindeer, who immediately knew this, was not \"Santa\" – you just can't fool reindeer. She quietly said \"Girls, Santa is deathly sick and we need to save Christmas- you know the routine – ready to do this?\" all the reindeer in unison exclaimed \"lets fly!\" Oh in the sentence or so back you noted I wrote that Mrs. Santa walked over to Rudolphine and called the reindeer \"girls\"? No, it was not a misprint or mistake- all reindeer have antlers, boys lose their antlers in the fall BUT girls lose their antlers in the spring and since Christmas comes in December…! If you don't trust Santa's beagle- GOOGLE IT! Now, on with the story, and she whistled and shouted and she called them by name. On Dancette, on Prancella and Vicky. On Comet, on Cuttie, on Donna and Blitzie! Now away, away, fly away all! The rest of the story of that Christmas Eve flight resulted in yet another successful and very Merry Christmas- Martha and the girls did what was needed to be done. After the evening run was done, all the girls quietly giggled thinking about their secret and went back to their barn/ home. Martha, quiet as a mouse, snuck back in the house, swiftly hung up Santa's suit and carefully crawled into bed. ALL OF THE SUDDEN, Santa woke with a shout: \"I missed Christmas!\" Martha quickly quieted him and said it was just a bed dream, your run was made just like it always has, and you can relax for another year. Santa a bit surprised, confused, still feverish, tire but grateful, closed his eyes for his still much needed rest. Remember everyone, this is our secret. Have a Very Merry Christmas! And all good night * [] ;-) Yours truly Sugarplum! I hope you enjoyed. check out my page for more stories this story is dedicated to Poly A. Endrasik a loving and kind dad ","Summary":" Hey it's me mewtwo123 I don't really celebrate Christmas but my dad does and so I dedicate this to "},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"Winter Warlock","Author":"Storyteller1990","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13130261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"People are supposed to fear the unknown, but ignorance is bliss when knowledge is so damn frightening.\" -Laurell K. Hamilton. Mmmf… You still find human interest in me after almost fifty years. How delightfully strange. But what will become of your peculiar interest after spending this long with… Me… How I came here, I can't explain. May as well as the North Atlantic iceberg. No mortal man can know. As the mailman tells you every year, I live alone in my ghostly palace of ice, practicing strange spells and snowy incantations. I wonder if his warm blood ran winter chill when he finally uttered my name. Oh, how I would love to be the one to hear his vulnerable heart grow biting cold at the mention of… My name… What is my name exactly? Yes, every year they tell you what they call me. But my name. My birth name… Was I born? Or… was I formed when this doomed world began? They don't know. They don't want to know. But that is why you're here, brave warm soul. What I remember is a coven. I was taken to witness dark, frightful magic. I tried to escape, but they caught… Me… They laid me out on a slab of ice, naked and shamed. First, they cut open my chest of flesh. The unspeakable pain ran through me like bitter water. They split open my ossein ribs. The first and only broken bones I would receive. I still remember the sound, like gelid tree branches cracking. I felt a pair of cold hands enter, and in them… Let no mortal man tell you that he knows accurate horror. He lies to you. I watched as they lifted my heart of flesh from my mortal body. Watched it. Fresh, steaming. I watched the heat leave and a sheet of ice cover it entirely. They returned my icy heart to my mortal body. That was their first mistake. Little did they know that their foolish act became their death sentence. I grew. I changed. My hair grew, as did my beard. My fingers became as long as frozen water on a tree branch. My teeth became as ice picks. I touched the coven, and they absorbed into… Me… As for the rest, they don't wish to find out. Instead, they leave me here in the cold mountain of the Whispering Wind, in between two worlds. On my right, a town ruled by a small man not unlike myself. A grey and brown town where nary a smile forms on the pathetic faces of the squalid people. Would their stunted leader feel complete power, or would the candlelight leave his blood once he saw… Me… On my left, a smaller town, full of elfin men and a woman. Toymakers they are, yet they dare not cross my outlawed path. They lost one of their own years ago. Did they not tell you? Typical, the Kringles. They cannot bear the dulcet pain. But once they had one of their own try to deliver their little toys to the grey and brown town. They did not count on… Me… I took him, and the things I did. Things that the human mind cannot comprehend. The hideous, eldritch things that only ice and snow can tell. Since then, they have not tried again. At least, not with their own. Eighteen years ago, they took in a human babe. How I would take in a human babe. The cozy welcome I would give. He grew. On his own, he decided to cross my cold domain. I prepared myself for this moment. Humans. They think they can conquer… Me… I ask him… \"WHO NEARS MY MOUNTAIN…?\" Impressive? Well, when he hears my Titanic voice and sees my glaciated face, his foolish pride leaves. Now he stares back, afraid. He's never seen the likes of… Me… \"GO BACK!\" He doesn't listen. \"NOW YOU ARE… DOOMED!\" He runs. The sight is humorous. Once again I remind myself: Man. They think themselves powerful. Masters of the universe. But once face to face with one like me, they cower. Me… As for the foundling, I shall get him when he returns. He must cross my mountain in the way home, and then, as they say in the grey and brown town… \"No more… being… a nice guy…\" ","Summary":" \"People are supposed to fear the unknown, but ignorance is bliss when knowledge is so damn frighte"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"More Than He Bargained For","Author":"SammySalvatoreHarkness2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9913465","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Santa Clause AU More Than He Bargained For Bernard shook his head as the new Santa was lowered down into the stables in the sleigh. Sitting next to Scott Calvin was his two children: His 17 1/2 year old daughter, Sam, and his eight year old son, Charlie, who's stepfather was trying to convince him that Santa was a myth. Off all the Santas Bernard had known in his lifetime, Scott was the only one who's children had tagged along for the ride. While Scott tried to figure out what was going on, Sam and Charlie went to look at the reindeer that had just been pulling the sleigh. \"Excuse me,\" Bernard said to an elf who was talking to Scott. \"Are we on a coffee break?\" \"We don't drink coffee,\" The elf said. \"Then I guess the break is over.\" All night long Bernard tried to convince Scott that he was the new Santa while one of the other elves got Charlie a snack and into bed in Santa's room. Sam stayed with Scott, listening to Bernard until he all but gave up. As Bernard sent Scott with Charlie and Judy to Santa's bedroom he caught Sam's arm. \"I'm not actually giving up yet,\" he said, looking in the eye which was easy since she was the same height he was. \"I need you and Charlie to convince him that it's a good thing before the list shows up at your house for him. Whether he likes it or not, he's Santa now.\" \"I'm sure Charlie will have no problem trying to convince him of it,\" Sam said. \"He's all for dad being Santa.\" \"You don't seem to sure.\" \"The only reason I still believe is for Charlie's sake. Our stepdad hasn't seen me since he and mom got married so he hasn't had a chance to talk to me about it. He's been trying to get Charlie to stop believing.\" \"You can't let that happen. You and Charlie BOTH need to believe your father is Santa for him to accept it.\" \"You get what you get out of me, and that's that. Don't ask for more. I'll see what I can do.\" \"Thank you.\" Bernard lead Sam to Santa's room to join her dad and brother. ","Summary":" The Santa Clause AU More Than He Bargained For Bernard shook his head as the new Santa was lowered "},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"The Claus Quadruplets","Author":"Radiant Arabian Nights","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10001597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their rightful owners. Except the ones I myself made up. I am handicapped so my spelling might sometimes might not always be good. Thank you for your support:) One Shot Introduction Carol gets pregnant again. What will she have this time? After Buddy they didn't expect any more children. But now they are. What day will baby/babies be born on? The Claus Quadruplets June Carol Calvin/Mrs Claus had been feeling off for a while. She just thought it was the stress of raising a two-year-old Buddy. Finally Scott told her to go to Dr Hismus. Which was where she was now with Scott. Dr Hismus was busy being the only doctor at the North Pole. \"How are you today Mrs Claus?\" Dr Hismus asks \"I am a little unwell for the past couple of weeks\", Carol replies \"Ah I know what is wrong with you\", Dr Hismus says smiling \"What?\" Carol asks \"What?\" Scott asks \"You should know you had it once before. You are having a baby\", Dr Hismus replies \"I'm pregnant again?\" Carol asks shocked Scott was shocked he was going to be a father again. This seemed so unreal. But the unreal was what he was living in. \"Yes. Let me do some tests to see if the baby is alright. Let me do an ultrasound\", Dr Hismus says grabbing the machine He moves the stick over her stomach and smiles and points to the screen. \"That is your baby\", he says Carol has tears in her eyes. \"Look Scott it's our baby\", Carol says \"Yes. I am going to be a father again\", Scott says Dr Hismus frowns for a minute. \"What's wrong?\" Carol asks fearfully \"There are 4 heartbeats in your stomach. You're having quadruplets\", Dr Hismus says smiling \"Oh Scott 4 babies\", Carol cries Scott gently hugs her. \"Are you sure Doc?\" Scott asks \"Yes the images don't lie. We will have to keep an eye on this pregnancy. Quads are difficult to come to full term with\", Dr Hismus replies \"How far along am I?\" Carol asks \"11 weeks\", Dr Hismus replies \"Thank you. Can we go now?\" Carol asks \"Yes. Don't do much work if you can help it. Your body needs to be gentle with the quadruplets\", Dr Hismus says as they leave \"We will Doc\", Scott says arm around his wife \"I can't believe we are having babies again. And 4 too. This is going to take some time to get used to\", Carol says \"We have 6 months to get used to it\", Scott comments \"Oh Scott can we do it again?\" Carol asks \"Sure we can. Let's tell everyone. I will ring up Laura, Neil, Charlie and Lucy. You handle your parents\", Scott says \"Ok I will do that from the comfort of our room\", Carol says \"I think I will do that too just give me a minute with Curtis\", Scott says \"Ok. Don't be too long Mr Claus\", Carol says smiling \"I won't Mrs Claus\", Scott replies also smiling Scott goes and finds Curtis quickly telling him that Carol was pregnant again. Curtis fully supported him helping his wife. Then Scott heads to his room he find Carol on the phone. \"Yes I am sure Scott will let you come up before the baby is born\", Carol says looking at Scott Scott nods his head. \"Yes that is fine with him. I will talk to you every week. Bye\", Carol says \"In-laws talked too?\" Scott asks \"Yes. Now you have to deal with yours\", Carol says handing him the phone Laura, Neil, Lucy and Charlie where thrilled with the news and made Scott promise to pick them up before the babies are born. Scott promises and hangs up. \"They are coming before the baby is born\", Scott replies as an elf comes in carrying their two-year-old son Buddy \"Mummy, Daddy\", Buddy exclaims running towards them \"Hello Buddy did you have a good day?\" Scott asks picking him up \"Yes I did\", Buddy replies \"We have something to tell you Buddy\", Carol says looking her son in the eyes \"What is it?\" Buddy asks \"We are having 4 babies\", Carol replies \"Where do babies come from?\" Buddy asks innocently \"They grow inside a women's belly. It will be 6 months before you meet them\", Carol explains \"That's a long time\", Buddy complains \"It is. But it is worth it. So are you happy with being a big brother?\" Scott asks \"Yes. I will be like Charlie\", Buddy says With that done they sit down and relax for a family meal. 6 months later: December Carol was huge that was what she was telling everyone. Her family was here and so was Scott's family. The babies were healthy. So said Dr Hismus he also said they could be born at any time. Scott was on his sleigh dealing presents he was back by noon on December 25th. Carol had gone into labour while he was out. He rushed to the infirmary he was just in time. He was there to see his 4 babies delivered. \"It's a Boy\", Dr Hismus says delivering the first baby 3 minutes later Carol delivers again \"It's a girl\", Dr Hismus says delivering the second baby Another 4 minute past and another one comes \"It's a girl\", Dr Hismus says delivering the third baby 6 minutes went by and Carol was ready to deliver the last baby \"It's a boy\", Dr Hismus says to the tired Carol, \"Date of birth 25th of December at 1.30pm\" \"They are perfect\", Carol says looking at them \"They are. We better let everyone in before they come barging in\", Scott comments \"Ok. Go and tell them\", Carol says leaning down heavily on the pillows Scott went out to where his family was waiting. \"The babies are born\", Scott says They cheer. \"What are they?\" Sylvia asks \"2 girls, 2 boys\", Scott replies \"Can we come in?\" Laura asks \"Yes. Come on\", Scott says leading them into the room where Carol was \"How you feeling?\" Bud asks \"Like I gave birth to quads\", Carol says with a tired smile \"So these are my new brothers and sisters\", Charlie says looking at them with Buddy on his hip \"They are pretty\", Buddy comments, \"They are small\" \"They are meant to be small. They will grow\", Scott says \"I like my new cousins\", Lucy says smiling at the babies \"What are their names?\" Sylvia asks \"For boy one: Noel Scott Claus\", Carol says pointing to the baby boy who was first out \"For boy two: Christian Nicholas Claus\", Scott says pointing at the last baby born \"For girl one: Lucia Carol Claus\", Carol says pointing at the second baby to be born \"And for the other baby girl: Clara Stella Claus\", Scott says picking up baby Clara \"Good names\", Curtis says \"Yes they are\", Neil says \"Can I hold one?\" Laura asks \"Sure go right ahead\", Carol says Now that the Quadruplets were born life was about to get a bit more hectic around here more then it normally is... Author's Note: What do you think? Please review ","Summary":" Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their rightful owners. Except the ones I myself made up. I am "},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"My Dad","Author":"Naleyalltheway","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8269583","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Dad Charlie leaves a poem for his dad instead of cookies. My dad killed Santa, he put on the pants He flew the reindeer, delivered the toys But he never believed it. One year later, Christmas came, He finally believed, he was Santa He is Santa Seeing isn't believing, believing is seeing ","Summary":" My Dad Charlie leaves a poem for his dad instead of cookies. My dad killed Santa, he put on the pan"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"A Christmas Kiss","Author":"CyborgCinderella","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8830001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Its christmas, so merry christmas! I started writing this a few hours ago when it was still christmas eve. I don't normally do one-shots, and I didnt have any planning or anything with this one I just wanted a sweet Judy/Bernard moment. I didnt want to go through the hassel of making an OC, since there was very little time and this just seemed to suit. Hope you enjoy and tell me what you think! Judy glanced at the clock. It had been two hours since Santa's take off. The annual Christmas party was well in swing, the workrooms and offices dark and empty. She could hear the whoops and calls of ecstatic elves, drifting up with the music from the square. But for Judy, the most wonderful night of the year had been ruined. Once again, she had been deceived, tricked, taken in by some wink and the same damn charming smile that they all had. She had seen jack, her boyfr- her ex, whispering into the ear of some tart from the baking dept. It wasn't just her, it was also Lucy from research, and Nina from the N&N; centre. And then there was Harold, from twenty years before, who did it as well. Judy wiped the last few tears from her hot cheeks, feeling the icy wind sting her face. She pulled her fur-lined cloak tighter around her, wishing she had the courage to rejoin the party, at least there was warmth and hot chocolate there. But after the scene she had caused, and the looks they had given her, she couldn't stand to look at any of them. They got with her because of her high position in the company, because she was a pretty face they could use to impress others, but ultimately not important. And she fell for it every time. The sound of the door behind her opening caused her to start and turn away from the edge of the balcony. In the door way, holding two steaming cups of coco, was Bernard. \"Hey, Judy...you ok?\" he asked, stepping out into the night. Judy half turned away, dabbing at her eyes with the lace edge of her sleeve, too aware of her blotchy cheeks, red eyes and the tiara that had been knocked lopsided over her intricately plaited hair. She tired to sniff indiscreetly, taking deep breaths as she looked over the courtyard. She felt Bernard's presence beside her and the clink of the metal cups being set down on the stone edge. \"Hi Bernard...yeah, yeah I'm fine. You shouldn't have come up here.\" she said, without looking at him, and cringed. Her voice was rough from crying, and still nasally. She picked up her cup of chocolate, sighing as she felt the heat seep through to her fingers. One sip of the creamy liquid warmed her to the core and even made her smile as she momentarily forgot her troubles as thought about the taste. There was a chuckle from beside her. \"Heh, I knew that would cheer you up\" Judy smiled wearily, looking up into the smiling face of Bernard. How could he still make her feel like things were always better than they were, after all this time, was still a mystery to her. She sighed contentedly, leaning against Bernard's warm arm. \"Thank you\" She felt him tense up then relax, and the two shared a moment in which they stood together, looking over the North Pole. Then he cleared his throat, as he always did when he wanted to say something important. But now, he seemed unable to find words \"I-I saw the fight...em...ah, sorry? You know none of it's true...what they said about you.\" The cold air all around them seemed to invade Judy's heart once again as she recalled the shouting and accusations, and the sniggering from the elves that surrounded jack. It had been going on for weeks, it seemed, and everyone had known but her. She stepped back , folding her arms, looking up into the sky. \"It doesn't matter now anyway... I just can't believe,\" she glanced back at Bernard, who had turned to look at her,\"... did you know?\" He looked away, and she felt heat rise to her cheeks once again. \"You did? Bernard, of all people, I never thought you'd keep this from me! I- I cant-\" Bernard stepped towards her, and grabbed her by the shoulders, cutting her off. \"It's not like that, Judy!\" he sighed, running his hands down her arms, \"It just-I didn't want to see you get hurt...but I couldn't stop what he did... I could never stop them.\" Judy looked up into Bernards green eyes, so full of concern, and recalled all the times he had come to comfort her, stood up for her, and made her smile. Every time after her heart had been broken, any time she was a little blue. She had never thought, never realised. And yet... They were so close she could see the snowflakes that clung to his curls and eyelashes, that she could smell his cinnamon scent. She stood on tiptoe, and he leaned down, and they met in the middle. The kiss was soft and light and perfect, even with tears still drying on her cheeks. Judy felt her heart fill with an emotion that she didn't think could be possible on a night like tonight, a feeling like she was filling up with so much happiness she was about to burst. Her hands slid around his neck and he pulled her close, almost lifting her off her feet as the kisses grew more passionate. When they finally broke away, Bernard traced Judy's cheek with the back of his hand and she held it there, unwilling to let the moment end, to walk away like it had never happened. But there was no other way. She let his hand go, and began to walk away, to rejoin the party that she now knew she could be strong at. She was almost at the door when he called her name. \"Judy!\" She turned and saw him standing in the middle of the balcony, snow gathering on his hat, that half-smile she knew so well on his face. She bit her lip to stop the tears that were gathering. \" I-...just...Merry Christmas.\" I don't really like this ending, but I had to make it sad because sad endings are easier and therefore faster. but i might come back to this one. Should I? Please review and have a merry Christmas or whatever time of year you're reading this in :) ~CC ","Summary":" Its christmas, so merry christmas! I started writing this a few hours ago when it was still christm"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"Frozen","Author":"MusicLover4Evermore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9267114","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For my creative writing class I had to do a Project based around a theme. I picked movies, the third out of five was The Santa Clause 3. I focused more on the character Jack Frost. I just love Jack Frost and Rise of the Guardians made me love him even more! His eyes are a icy blue Sharp like icicles Lit up with mischief As his season appears. His hair is stiff Never moving in the wind It's always frozen By his own hands. His smile is bright Like the rays from the sun On a cool day In early December. His laugh brings forth The cool winds of winter The strength differs Upon his laughter. His touch is soft Like first fallen snow So cold when he Touches people's noses. This season of winter Is a mix of smells Between mint and cinnamon I couldn't tell. He walks with grace Far from a klutz No traces are left In the depths of whiteness. Nobody can find him When Spring comes Only appears when Autumn is done. People only believe In what they can see For him they need to believe In what they cannot see. ","Summary":" For my creative writing class I had to do a Project based around a theme. I picked movies, the thir"},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Rambo Retribution","Author":"Dance of the Dead","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7004493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Melissa bundled herself into the small phone booth, her head lowered so her greasy light blonde hair fell over her face. One of her hands clinched to the loose fitting T-Shirt of her companion, she felt her fingers shaking but she couldn't tell if it was from the cold of the darkening evening or from fear. Her companion picked the receiver from the hook and dialled a number that she couldn't see. Maybe her shakes were from adrenaline, she tried to calm herself down and focus on the amount of rings she could faintly hear from the other end of the phone line. Her other hand tightened on the handgun she held in her fingers as a female voice answered, Melissa couldn't hear properly the exchange of words, but she could tell that the conversation was heated. As her eyes lowered to the weapon, she felt herself startle and tried tor recall exactly how she had got into this giant mess. She already partially knew the answer, it was all due to her involvement with the man she was currently clinging to. Although when she had first met him, she hadn't realised that he would take her down the dangerous route that they were currently on. Their meeting had been an entirely innocent thing. He had helped her during a particularly sticky situation when she had been walking home from work involving a couple of shady characters. He had then offered to walk her the rest of the way home, and although the walk hadn't been entirely comfortable their friendship and relationship had grown from it. Melissa lifted her head and looked out the scratched window of the phone booth upon hearing the sounds of sirens over the phone conversation. Her green eyes gazing at the top of the buildings around them, a blazing fire raging above where her apartment had once been. She fought back tears as she suddenly recalled Percival, her pet cat, being at home. The abrupt loss of memories that her apartment had held overwhelming her and a heavy tear fell down her cheek. She knew that she had to be strong to get through the ordeal, that she had to now give all her support to her man, after all it would be him that whoever it was would be after, not her. She was just a simple working chiropractor and generally cheerful character, often over looked as ordinary. Her man on the other hand, was a Vietnam war veteran with an enemy list as long as his strong arms. Melissa let out a small sigh and rested her head against his chest trying to steal some of his body heat, feeling unrealistically cold and shivering. Shock, that must be it. Though she felt comforted as he rested his arm around her, when it came to affection her partner didn't often know how to express himself. Melissa had known this about him from the few months they had been together, which made the holding gesture all the more comforting. \"No. Two.\" He spoke into the phone clearly, Melissa could hear the conversation through the vibrations in his chest. The other side of the conversation was as hard to make out as ever. \"Myself and a friend,\" he enlightened the person he had called. Melissa assumed that it was someone that he had worked with in the past, someone he could really rely on. Possibly even someone that owed him a favour. She couldn't begin to guess what for. Without a farewell he put the receiver back onto the hook, as quickly as she could, Melissa handed the handgun back to her man and he put into the back of his trouser, pulling his loose shirt over the back of it covering it from view. Melissa just felt pleased to have it out of her hands again. Moving out of the phone booth she looked down the street cautiously, then her head raised to the fire again. \"Don't look!\" He told her abruptly, and her head lowered again. His hand reached out for hers and she quickly fell into her place at his side. Her fingers coiling with his, her heart was pounding from when he had raised his voice to her and she felt a wave of panic and doubt in her mind. He set their walking pace to brisk and Melissa had trouble in keeping up. \"Where are we going?\" Melissa asked, her feeling of panic was evident in her voice and she was met with a front of silence. \"John?\" She pressed again, hoping that the use of his name would bring about an answer, yet silence was all she was once again faced with. She had so many questions that she wanted answering. The one she had voiced was the most simple of them. Melissa pulled her fingers away from Johns and stood in the middle of the street they had been making their way down. The drama of the entire situation adding to the emphasis of her questioning and speaking in a different, more timid manner. \"Rambo?\" Melissa found the use of his surname rolled strangely off her tongue, and she had never gotten used to the way it sounded. The use of it had gotten the reaction that she had wanted and he stopped a couple of paces in front of her. Her face was one full of concern, \"I love you Rambo, I really do. I trust you, but someone just blew up my apartment...\" she started to speak to him and he recounted his steps towards her, him coming back towards her cut off her voice. She wanted him to tell her that it was all going to be all right and everything would be fine. She knew that wasn't going to happen and that she would have to bolster her own courage and she found that she couldn't look into his eyes as he spoke. \"Come on,\" he ordered her and she did, knowing that she had over stepped the boundaries with questioning him at a time like this. This was what he did, what he lived and was in his blood. She had been foolish to question him in the art of warfare. If she were to see this through to the end, then she knew she would have to toughen up somehow. She would have to find her strength in him, or be crushed underneath her own fear of the unknown. She had just declared that she trusted him and his judgement, she had to back up those words. In silence the two of them moved down the quiet back street and crossed down into a secluded alleyway and over to the busier street. John lifted his hand and caught the attention of a taxi driver. Opening the door he let Melissa into the cab first and followed in after, telling the driver to take them to the airport. He then sat down and fell into a deeper silence, and Melissa could see that he was deep in thought about the entire situation, his arms folded across his chest. Melissa sat with her handbag on her lap, and started a pleasant conversation with the driver, generally about the fact that there was a bit of a pile up due to some sort of gas explosion not to far away from where they were. \"A gas explosion?\" Melissa questioned, \"Maybe some old woman left the oven on?\" she added as a thought, just trying to be relaxed about the whole thing. \"Certainly has caused a mess of things.\" the driver told her, looking out of the windscreen. \"Going on holiday?\" He then asked keeping the conversation going with the cheerful seeming woman. \"Yeah, we're going to Thailand, on our Honeymoon.\" Melissa lied, seeing as everything else she told the taxi driver had been a lie, she might as well continue on with the fabrications. Naturally, the taxi driver was happy for them and gave John a look through the mirror. He was looking particularly grumpy and looking out of the window in his guarded position in the cab, no hint of happiness in his face, but then they were really running for their lives not enjoying wedded bliss. As Melissa looked over him as the taxi driver did, she couldn't help but feel herself swoon, but then she was particularly besotted with the man and had been ever since he had saved her those months ago, she had even grown used to the horribly out fashioned bandanna. \"Congratulations,\" the taxi driver said with a level of hesitation to his voice, he then fell into silence himself, uncertain on how to take the happy couple from that moment on. The rest of the journey seemed to take longer than it should have done, and there was a level of apprehension part way though the trip when she noticed the same car more than once behind them. She was certain that Rambo had seen them to, so didn't mention it to him. Besides it could just be more of a coincidence, the airport was a busy place. The door to the taxi was opened by the driver and he let them go, Melissa reached into her handbag for her purse to pay the man, with a smile. \"Good luck,\" he leaned in to tell her, eyeing her husband. She nodded to him and parted ways to join with John once more. \"I think we we're followed,\" she told him looking over her shoulder to see if she could spot the car pulling up behind them. \"There,\" she pointed towards the black car as discreetly as she could. John nodded to her and made his way to the entrance of the airport, he held the door open for Melissa to get into the building, but didn't follow behind her. Heading towards the black car to find out who was trying to kill him.[Chapter 2] Melissa looked over her shoulder suddenly feeling very vulnerable out in the open near the middle of the airport so abruptly alone. Giving a glance back outside she saw Rambo heading towards the parked car, the black doors opening. She lowered her head and held the bridge of her nose, wondering how on Earth she got into this terrible mess. \"Got a light love?\" Came a question from near the entrance of the alleyway, The sound of far to many cigarettes a day gave the male voice a gravelly tone, it sounded unfriendly. Melissa rose a hand to the speaker who she could barely see and answered, \"Sorry, I don't smoke,\" she then went to make on her way. Another person stepped out in front of her, and she couldn't help but give a small sigh for the men's lack of imagination, not seeing the situation as serious as it really was. \"Sure you don't, everyone smokes these days,\" the first man spoke again from behind her though Melissa's eyes were fixed on the man in front of her, and the knife that he was flicking in and out of it's handle. In and Out. She couldn't stop her eyes from falling onto it. \"Come on guys, you don't have to do this,\" Melissa stated, the nerves sounding in her voice. She realised that she was trembling uncontrollably, her throat felt dry and her stomach felt sick. \"Sure we do,\" said a third voice from the insides of the alleyway, and for a fleeting moment Melissa thought that she recognised the voice from somewhere, but as the face came into view it wasn't anyone that she knew. Within seconds the knife was against her throat and her arms we're being held behind her back as as much as she tried to struggle she couldn't get free from his tight grip without slitting her own throat on the blade that the man with horrible breath was holding against her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the third man fumbling with his belt, and she knew that from the start their intention had been to take advantage of her. She made to scream, but the man in front of her pressed the blade tighter against her and her eyes closed blinking tears from them. \"Don't even think it,\" he told her savagely the knife drawing close enough to cut her skin. Melissa whimpered as the blood from the small cut dribbled over the knife and down the side of her neck, feeling that there was no escape and no way out of the events that had been set in motion. The man who wasn't holding her came a bit closer, his trousers already part way over his hips, \"Let her scream, noone'll come, makes 'em sound better, begging,\" he taunted. \"Sick fucker,\" one of the other guys said through a cruel laugh. The fact that he was party to everything clearly hadn't dawned on him. \"Please,\" Melissa begged, the hot tears streaming down her face, \"Please, don't,\" she hated the way her voice didn't sound like her own and her pride had been shattered in seconds. Her pleas went ignored by the men and their jeers continued, the last of the men made his way to her, his hand touching her thigh and she recoiled from his touches, a small scream escaping her lips finally. The backhand came and the knife was replaced just as swiftly, the look of death in the man's eyes frightened her as much as the blade did. A quick wave of violence and the knife was pulled away from her neck. Melissa had trouble seeing through her tears, but there was someone else with them in the alleyway. The man with the knife was flying away from her, crashing noisily into a pile of trash bins the other side of the alleyway. Her arms fell free from the tight grasp behind her and Melissa rolled her shoulders around before using her hand to wipe away the tears as they rolled down her cheeks. With her vision clearer she saw a large built man piling into the man with his pants down while the other was struggling to get himself up out of the pile of trash bins, she turned to see the man behind her trying to get away from them, now that their rouse had been exposed by the intruder his resolve had clearly cracked and he was frightened for himself. Shaken there was nothing that Melissa could do, she was still trembling. The sound of smash, smash, smash, pulp brought her attention back to the fighting in the alleyway and she noticed that the large built man's arm was covered in blood. She thought for a horrible moment that the man with the knife had gotten to him, but he was still dazed among the bins and rubbish. Her eyes then fell on the other man, and his caved in face. She gasped in horror and covered her mouth with her hand the sick feeling returning again as the smell of blood filled her nose. The large built man left the other man on the floor with his face bleeding, a low moaning sound escaping from him. \"You okay?\" the large man asked her, and she nodded dumbly as he turned from her and rounded on the man with the knife. Sprawled between the bin, he said, \"I don't want any trouble, man.\" a pleading tone to his own voice, and the large man lent down and picked up the knife he had been carrying. The weapon looked small in his hands, but no less dangerous. The large man then lent forwards and picked up the man and in one fluid movement the knife was in the man's gut, the blade twisted and snapped from the handle in the large man's hands. The assailant groaned and held his stomach as he was dropped onto the floor, bleeding through the wound his blood seeping across the dirty floor. Melissa felt weak at the knees as she wasn't sure to thank the man or run for her life away from him, fearing the violence that he had brought with him. As the man turned to her again, her resolve broke completely and she turned to a thankful mess, telling him over and over how grateful that she was for him saving her. Her breath was shallow, and she took in a deep breath as she tried her best to calm herself down, last thing she wanted now was to turn into a jabbering mess. With her composure gathered and the frantic panic of the alleyway somewhat calmer she gave her saviour a bit of a better looking over, older, tall as well as strong though there was something lacking about him, his clothes were messy, to a level more so than the fight could have done. He headed towards the mouth of the alleyway and picked up a bundle. \"Wouldn't be a good idea to be caught with them,\" he told her flatly and the sounds of sirens could be heard over the general noise of the day. As quickly as her heeled shoes let her she joined him at the mouth of the alleyway and with a very quiet voice, she requested. \"Could you walk me home?\" Melissa headed towards the doorway that she had only recently been pressured through, the airport much to open to hide her concern with what was going on. Her heels clicked on the cold marble floor as she hurried to the entrance, just in time to see Rambo pulling a well dressed man from the car, and pulling him away to the side of the building away from public view. A couple of people looked their way, but generally paid them little attention, not concerned for the welfare of another person, their own lives and flights much to important to ruin their schedule by butting in on another man's affairs. By the time Melissa had made it round the corner, Rambo was dragging the man further away from the front parking lot to a much more discreet location, both his arm and his tie being held in order to keep him choked, refraining him from shouting out. By the time he had been dragged and pushed against a chain link fence he was struggling for breath. Melissa caught up to the two of them just in time to hear Rambo demanding; \"Who sent you?\" his voice was as hushed a shout as he could muster. His arm war held across the man's chest and neck keeping him from running away in a panic. \"I don't know what your talking about!\" the man replied, and Melissa could see his legs shaking in fear and if she we're in her mans position she'd have already let the stranger go. \"Don't give me that horse crap!\" Rambo spat back to him, his other hand moving into the other mans suit jacket and pulling out a wire which he pulled from the jacket and threw on the floor behind him. \"Why are you following us?\" he then pressed onwards. Observing their actions, Melissa cursed herself for being so weak and having believed the stranger, then why was he shaking so violently? Rambo moved his arm away from the mans chest as he started to shake even stronger, his mouth foaming. He then leapt back and cursed, letting the man slump against the chain fence to the floor. Cyanide or some other poison. Some sort of capsule inside his mouth somewhere he guessed. As the man fell to the floor he saw Melissa move closer and he knelt down next to the now calming body, his hands feeling for something in his pockets, upon finding the mans wallet he took it and put it in his back pocket so that he could look over it later. He then stood up and held his hand out again for Melissa, who took it willingly. Heading back to the front door to the airport arm in arm. \"Honeymoon might be off.\" he told her without smiling, his expression as serious as ever. His mind was actively trying to think of who would have sent someone like the stranger after them, someone who was clearly an amateur, but had no desire to get caught with their pants down, hence the suicide. Melissa looked to him and smiled at the shared joke, her hand opening the front door to the airport once more and as soon as they were through the doors, Rambo reached into the back of his jeans and emptied the clip from the handgun hidden there and put it into the nearest bin, and did the same a few steps later with the firearm. Giving a quick look around the open plan building, he nodded towards a side door. Melissa took note of the direction he was leading them in and followed silently. Although the door had a staff only notice it went completely ignore, faced with a small flight of old stairs they descended, opened another door, set off an alarm and casually headed towards a small white private plane. The door of which was open and on the steps sat an older, silver haired man. Upon seeing Rambo and his female companion heading towards the plane he stood from where he had been sitting, holding a broad rimmed white hat in his hands. He raised a hand to the pair to signal where he was, although the gesture wasn't needed. \"John,\" he nodded to Rambo and gave Melissa a brief look over and nodded to her also though he didn't greet her, he just let them onto the plane before him. John motioned to a seat for Melissa settle into as he and the man who had greeted him headed to the pilot box. \"It'll be loud in here,\" he told her emerging from the pilots cockpit a few moments later with a pair of large ear phones. \"Put these on,\" he then added passing the over-sized things to her. She took them with an unusual sour expression on her face and put them over her ears. She couldn't help but feel somewhat concerned for where they were going, and why they were running like this from an unknown source. She couldn't help but feel afraid, and foolish. She knew the colour had drained from her face. \"I'm afraid to fly,\" she told the back of the cockpits door once John had hidden himself away again. Once he'd closed the door behind him, and settled into the co-pilot seat, the engines for the small cargo plane started as loudly as he had promised they would be. He glanced over to the man who he had sat next to, and he knew that this favour was pushing the boundaries of his friendship with the man. \"Thanks,\" Rambo told him over the roar of the plane, if he had been heard his appreciation hadn't been registered or responded to. He then figured that the man was irritated with having to bail him out of trouble again. He then put his headset on, and the voice sounded static and hollow in his ears, he was talking to the flight tower, asking which runway was theirs to use, and if they had clearance. Everything was in order, and as the older man's hand moved to press a couple of buttons, Rambo fell quickly into never forgotten duties and pressed them for him, confident in his actions, feeling nothing more than relief to be away from the nightmare of the city.[Chapter 3] The roar of the cities traffic had no forgiving let up. Mostly it would be workers making their ways home after long days in offices. Melissa still felt the adrenaline rushing it's way through her system, her mind was afire with the action she had just seen. Her steps along the side street felt a little uneven and she was certain that she was walking far too slowly, but the man that accompanied her had fallen in step with her. She felt a little foolish for suddenly trusting the man who'd just prevented something tragic from happening to her; just because he was a helpful by passer didn't mean that he was friendly. It wasn't lost on her that the man was roughly shaven, poorly kept, needed a shower and carried his bed with him in a rolled up bag. She figured that he was some sort of drifter; if he'd been a local street urchin she was certain she'd seen him about before, she was certain that she hadn't. Feeling slightly awkward for the long hanging silence she spoke; trying to keep her voice steady. \"Thanks again,\" she started, \"Look, I'm not normally this forward, but can I get you something to eat?\" she asked. Maybe doing something like that would be a good start to returning the debt? She had no idea how these sorts of things worked themselves out and she had little else that she felt like she could offer. The look that she got from the man wasn't something that she thought would happen; he looked suspiciously at her, as though she wanted something more from him. His expression didn't change as he answered, \"Sure why not,\" it couldn't hurt to get some food down him before moving on. Why not use the resources that we're being presented to him? Melissa smiled up at him knowing of a small diner that they could get something from. Silence fell again; with the distraction of having somewhere to go it didn't feel as awkward as the walk had done a few moments ago. The diner was a classic, a bar to one side and a row of tables to the other. A single waitress who walked about with a hot coffee pot, a small television behind the bar which the chef was lazily watching. The place was quiet especially for the time of day. The man put his bag down on the seat next to him and she sat down across from him, picking up a menu and passing one over. As he reached out his hand to take it from her she quickly asked. \"Is your hand alright?\" Noticing that his knuckles were red, grazed, bleeding. \"It's nothing,\" he replied, he'd not noticed any pain in his hand. He'd been through worse. What caught him nearly off guard; was the fact that she actually sounded worried. There was a real level of concern in her voice. He lifted his hand to look at the blood that covered it. Dried and fresh. What did it matter? Melissa called the waitress over and asked her to bring a glass of water. She then excused herself and headed off to the rest-room; quickly returning with some paper towels. With a glass of water waiting for her on the table she picked it up and poured a small amount of water onto the towels and sat down again. \"Hand,\" she demanded of the man in front of her, holding out her own. Hesitation. The demand from the woman asked for more than just the simple offering of a hand. She was demanding trust; something that was so much harder to give than a barely injured hand. Hesitation. How could he betray everything that he had been taught, been trained? His guards had been up for so long he didn't even know how to go about bringing them down, yet his hand slowly moved towards her. It stung slightly as she put the paper towel over his raw knuckles, but the pain didn't register. His hand felt rough, but she hadn't expected anything different. With her hand holding the paper towel on his; she once again looked to him. Her smile was bright and welcoming and she finally introduced herself. \"Melissa,\" she said. With something of a laugh of his own; the humour in the situation wasn't entirely lost on him. \"Rambo, John.\" he told her. The small plane quickly grew in altitude, although the relief was evident; there was also a feeling of gratitude and reunion. Rambo looked to the man sat next to him. He looked older than John had ever wished to see him. Upon his realisation he felt guiltier than he had ever done before in his life. Dragging the only man he called family into another of his problems. His fights. He looked away again out the front windscreen, unable to keep his eyes on the man. \"Who's the girl, Johnny?\" He heard the question loudly in his ears from the headset, he had known the question was coming. So why had it caught him unaware? He thought he felt himself flush with embarrassment; but wasn't sure if the emotion was something that he could feel. \"A friend,\" he answered trying to be evasive over the answer. Their friendship had, until now, been entirely professional. There had been times where because of that friendship, they had gone above and beyond the call of duty for one another. Now things felt sticky. Topics that were hard to approach from either side. \"Any idea who's after you?\" Came the next question from the older of the two men. That was something that felt more comfortable; back to business. Rambo took the stolen wallet out of his pocket. Flipping it open it was scarcely filled, no notes, no loose change. Just cards. \"Not yet, but they are professionals.\" he spoke into the headset while looking over the cards. A single bank card, the name on which – Mr. L. Dekanozov. - was clearly Russian. Rambo wasn't sure if he should believe it was real or not. The only dealings he could recall having with Russians was over twenty years ago now. The man flying the plane had been with a part of that ordeal. There was a photo ID of the man also in the wallet, which seemed really sloppy to have in there; which was what made Rambo question the name. Rambo held the ID in front of Trautman's nose so that he could see it. \"Mean anything to you?\" he asked, though he was doubtful to get anything. \"He's the man that followed us to the airport,\" he then explained as he saw the pilot shaking his head. \"I assume you lost him?\" Trautman asked \"Poisoned himself before I could get anything out of him,\" he explained. Trautman looked at him then; he felt angry at the scrutiny. He knew that letting the man kill himself was sloppy and he was already chastising himself for it. \"I'll run the ID,\" Rambo's former senior officer told him taking it from the other man's hand. Without pause in his words he then explained. \"You need to lose the girl. I can put her up for a while, but you won't be safe with her.\" The words hadn't been unexpected, but they still stung. \"Got a safe house?\" Rambo asked, without answering the statement about cutting Melissa loose. He didn't want to have to let go that soon; she had been the only kind civilian he'd come across that didn't want something from him in return. \"You know I have,\" Trautman replied, he'd already got one in mind that would be perfect for Rambo to stay in. Up in the thick of the forest; well out of sight from above. Only a few miles from where Trautman himself lived. Safe. Secure. Hidden. Perfect. Rambo nodded and stood up from the co-pilot seat. He owed Melissa at least enough to tell her what was happening; where she was staying. Opening the door, to the rest of the plane, it was cold back where she was sitting and she had drawn her knees up. Her head was lowered; the headphones barely covered her ears. Touching her on the shoulder to get her attention. She looked up to him; her face pale, tears had been streaming down her eyes. She had been shaking and he couldn't tell if it was from the cold, fear or adrenaline. It reminded him of the night that he had met her. She looked as vulnerable as ever she had done. He sat down next to her; although he wanted to talk to her there was little point above the roar of the planes engine. It didn't take her long to move next to him; holding on tightly for a small degree of comfort. The plane turned. They'd be heading for more of a descent soon, he could tell Trautman had started to bring the plane down due to the lurch in his stomach. Melissa felt it too, her fingers seemed to tighten on his shirt. Stony faced he looked out the small window over her head. The news that they'd be parted soon still sat ill with him; it was unavoidable. He couldn't take her with him and expect to survive. No more than he could expect her to come and put herself in dangers way; just for him. Melissa pulled away from him only a moment later; the small level of comfort enough to keep herself together. She knew it wasn't his way to return it; she knew that he couldn't. Biting her bottom lip and looking out the window over the clouds to where he stared. Wondering what was on his mind, and had made him come back here. She looked to him; her expression a question. He then made to stand again, believing he needed to help Trautman land the plane. He felt confused. Torn. Between what he knew had to be done; and what he wanted. Melissa was different. He found that he couldn't commit to the thought of just dropping her. He looked back to her as he opened the door to the cockpit. Ready to get the plane back on the ground. Not ready to let go. Not ready to be alone again.[Chapter 4] Reaching up John helped Melissa onto the dock out of the plane; she looked small stood between himself and Trautman. She looked across the landscape in front of her. A private beach. Directly in front a large white beach house. She assumed it was where Trautman lived; had retired. Her feet felt uncomfortable on the sand, unable to find their footing properly. She stumbled, but caught herself without aid. There was something happening that she hadn't been told. How she knew she couldn't exactly say; maybe it was the silence that had fallen between the two men. She felt suspiciously uninformed. Paranoid. The evening was cool, but a warm welcome compared to being inside the back of the plane. The fresh air as she crossed the beach was equally as welcome. It made her head clearer, and she promised herself no more tears. Somehow. The three of them got to the porch; the light over head penetrating little of the darkness around them. It was the older man who broke the silence, and introduced himself to Melissa. \"Colonel Samual Trautman, Ma'am,\" he said, giving his name and rank. Though his eyes fell to Rambo as he spoke. It wasn't that he was disinterested in her; just more interested in his boy. If he could still call Rambo that after all these years. Rambo pushed passed and into the house, turning the light on before he entered the room. The feeling of paranoia ebbing from Melissa into him. He felt wary of this place; it felt too serene. \"It is my retirement home,\" Trautman said, looking a little offended as he made his way into the building. \"Can I get you a drink?\" he asked Melissa as she followed in behind them. \"No, thank you,\" she answered a little put out that she hadn't had the chance to introduce herself in return. She didn't need to she was certain. He'd already know. Trautman made his way over to a cabinet and took out a couple of glasses; pouring some strong whiskey into the glasses. He handed one over to Rambo, who put the glass down on a coffee table. \"What are you going to need, John?\" He asked. \"Not much. Good knife. Need to replace my .45. Bow if you've got one.\" \"Anything else?\" Trautman could have guessed the list so far. \"Map of the area, I assume there's basic kits up there,\" \"You got it.\" Trautman told him. \"You'll have everything by morning,\" \"Up where?\" Melissa asked suddenly, finally fed up of being completely ignored. \"Can one of you tell me what is going on?\" She asked, looking between the two of them. Her hands on her hips; expression icy. \"I have to go away for a while,\" John answered. \"Getting away is the safest thing that I can do,\" he added, as if safety was a good enough reason to be running away from her. For dumping all this and seeking shelter; rather than dealing with the problem head on. He felt like a coward. He felt wrong. Melissa shook her head; she didn't want to start an argument. She suddenly felt cold again. Abandoned. She'd promised herself no more tears, and would stand by that. She couldn't let them fall again. The shaking of her head turned to a nod as she mulled over the options in her head. \"The safe house,\" Trautman started to explain, \"Is six miles into the forest, back here.\" He went on, vaguely pointing out of the window. Not that the safe house could be seen from the window, but it was out there somewhere. \"I'll also send for information on that ID you found, just in case.\" he added; falling into a more professional manner. He'd drive Rambo up there now. If it wasn't dark. The dark made the roads dangerous, and the whole idea of this was to keep the man safe. Melissa moved to the sofa and sat herself down. She looked to her hands; they were shaking badly. She knew that she was angry with the entire situation. She already felt like the past six months of trying to know and understand her man had already been unravelled within seconds of being near Colonel Trautman. She couldn't blame it entirely on him, he had been called. Without his intervention they'd still be back in Auburn, knee deep in shit. She was grateful for the help; she was livid at what all this would undo. After this, she wouldn't be able to go near him. Wouldn't be able to touch him. Not without him feeling repulsed by her fingers of his skin. She'd have to reshow him that getting close to someone wasn't a sign of weakness. That she wasn't going to stab him in the back while he slept next to her. That there was nothing wrong with being physically and emotionally close to someone. It had taken more than three months for her to be able to do more than touch his hands and engage in more than lighter conversation. The only thing that kept her sane with him being there was simply that; he was there. He'd not left her apartment yet. The other three months had been spent talking. Simply talking. Mostly about the experiences that he had been willing to share. She had been left too fill in a lot of blanks; she'd started to guess some of them. She'd never been forceful in getting him to speak to her; getting him to talk about what he wanted to. They had never been physically intimate to the point of sexual intercourse. He wasn't ready to let those barriers down yet. She was understanding to that to a certain extend. She couldn't say that she understood; she had never seen real combat herself. She'd never seen someone she cared about blown to pieces. Never been tortured to an inch of her life. Never been unwelcome in her own country. She did her best; it seemed to have been good enough so far. She rested her head in her hand; how could she explain what she was thinking to them. She'd just come across as sounding selfish. Someone was trying to kill him, she couldn't forget that. Looking to John and Trautman as they spoke to one another, making more plans. \"I don't want to let go,\" She announced to them. \"Not entirely,\" she added. She didn't give her reasons; didn't say that it was because she didn't want to see her hard work and her trying to understand going to waste. Her words nearly went unnoticed underneath their now near heated discussion. She couldn't understand what it was about; she assumed something she wasn't meant to. Were they even still speaking in English? Abruptly John left the room. Melissa went to stand and follow him; Trautman stopped her. \"I apologise for the ignorant treatment this evening,\" he said moving to a single seat at the end of the coffee table. He noticed the still full glass of alcohol at the end. \"He doesn't drink,\" Melissa said leaning forwards and picking up the glass; recalling an incident a month ago. Maybe five weeks. \"Last time he did, he was arrested,\" she added, enlightening Trautman on the tale. \"The loss of control frightened him; more than being back in a cell.\" She added, the weight of her words would not be lost on the Colonel. The gravity and importance of the cell in the life of their shared friend loomed on their minds for different reasons. For Melissa it was a symbol, something they had talked at length about. For Trautman a catalyst and reminder of violence and destruction. A reminder of Teasle. Melissa drank the contents of the glass; the strong drink burnt it's way down her throat. \"I hope you know what your doing Colonel Trautman,\" she told him, sounding more threatening that she had hoped. She knew she couldn't do a thing to him; even in his old age. She didn't want to either; he was a friend. \"I don't want to see him hurt; I don't want to see him clam shut again.\" she said, her voice coarse from the alcohol. Her smile was one of fond affection, and of deep fear, and she couldn't help but let a tear fall down the side of her face. She wiped it away with her finger and stood from her seat. \"I've known Johnny a long time. He's the closest thing I have to a family.\" Trautman told her before she left the room, trying to assure her that he was doing what was right for his son. He didn't believe it himself, lock a tiger in a cage for too long and it becomes complacent. He didn't want Rambo complacent, he was the best. He was his best. Melissa stepped through the house, peering into a couple of rooms before she found Rambo. The room looked like some sort of armoury. Many weapons lined the walls in rows; how a room like this could be legal she didn't know. She compared it to a room holding police evidence, except nothing was tagged. This was a private collection. All Trautmans. Carefully she placed a hand on Rambo's shoulder and she breathed a sigh of relief when he didn't flinch away from her touch. She felt tired, endlessly so. She couldn't recall how long she had been awake for now. She had been at work the day that her apartment had blown up; was that yesterday? Now that she was in his company; she couldn't think of a damned thing to say. Christ, how had things become even more complicated. \"Will we see each other again?\" she asked, feeling gloomy about everything. He turned to her then, looking away from all the guns and knives. Her question hadn't been something he was expecting from her. Her usual cheerful nature seemed to have cracked and been lost. She must have known that he couldn't show her the affection that she wanted. She's never been through this. Never been through loss. Never been this frightened. He told himself. He asked himself what she could be meaning; he knew. \"Yes,\" he told her with a firm assurance to his voice. \"I don't want to let go either,\" he said, feeling that his confession was the right thing to tell her. He turned then and picked up a weapon from the wall. A small handgun; it was modern in design. He then turned back to Melissa. \"Have you used a gun before?\" \"Paintball.\" She answered. \"I know, I know,\" she added raising her hands defensively. It was all she had known. She smiled at the memory of beating someone at the game. That's all it had been, a game. This wasn't a game. This was real. It dawned on her. \"I don't think I can,\" she said trying to avoid taking the weapon. Recalling how relieved she had been to give back the last one she had been asked to hold. \"Don't think.\" She took the gun after hearing the intensity in his voice. It felt lighter than she was expecting, but it still didn't feel right. It had looked smaller in his hand than hers, nearly laughably so. This wasn't a laughing matter. She put the small Taurus in her jeans pocket and hoped that she would never have to use the vile thing. \"Should I leave you to get prepared?\" she asked, not wanting to become a distraction. \"No, don't.\" he told her, reaching out and drawing her closer. She lent into him; resting her head on his strong chest, and closed her eyes. He rested his head on the top of hers, knowing that he had to prepare mentally for the struggle for survival ahead; he couldn't pull away from this moment. A moment that he didn't entirely feel comfortable in. A moment that like many others in his life felt so wrong. This wasn't wrong, he told himself. This was overdue.[Chapter 5] The safe house wasn't much to look it. He hadn't expected it to be. The basic log cabin wasn't furnished. It boasted a small kitchen area, with all the luxuries of modern life stripped from it, a fireplace that hadn't been cleaned since it's last use and a small area which was used for a bedding roll. For sanitation the building had an even more basic out house around the back of the building. Rambo opened the door after giving the safe house a quick look over, to rejoin Trautman on the porch. The house was surrounded by trees and undergrowth; it was totally secluded and in that sense it was perfect for his needs. Off to the side of the building there was a stack of chopped logs ready for use on the fire. He doubted they would be dry enough for good use in the fireplace right now, he would have to collect some more. Without saying a word Rambo picked up some of the bags that he had brought with him and took them inside. It wasn't that he was feeling bitter about being taken away from what he'd been starting to think of a normal life; he couldn't place that grudge onto his father figure. It wasn't even the early morning that had put him in a sour mood; early mornings we're a part of the job. A job that he hadn't had for many years, old habits die hard. Trautman followed into the room a few moments later, his look was apologetic and he was struggling with one of the larger bags. \"Sorry it's so basic son.\" he told Rambo, he was being sincere. Rambo didn't know exactly how to take it, wasn't used to everyone being so nice. Or giving. No one had been all those years ago when it actually mattered, why should they change now? Why had they changed? Maybe because the war had been out of the eyes of the public and mostly forgotten. Maybe because no one gave a shit about it any more. Yet someone clearly did. Because someone was trying to kill him. \"It's fine.\" John told his father, the place wasn't as bad as Trautman was making out, he could work with the small place. It was a roof over his head that wasn't a cave, or a cell. That was something. He had had bad experiences with both; he'd not like to repeat either of them. There was a lot to be done, but it wasn't anything he couldn't handle. \"Why don't you go one home.\" Rambo told Trautman, he wanted the older man out of the way. Mostly so that he didn't get hurt. Not that he didn't think the old Colonel couldn't handle himself still. He would be a fool to think otherwise. It was more the fact that there was nothing he could do here; Rambo wanted to do it all for himself. \"If you need anything, we packed a flare gun.\" Trautman said, looking over to one of the bags resting in the far corner of the room. John nodded as Trautman opened the door to the porch again and left the safe house. He closed the door behind him, knowing that Rambo wouldn't follow him to see him off. They didn't have that sort of a friendship. It didn't need to be done. The moment that Sam Trautman had left the building Rambo lent against one of the walls and slumped down it, pulling one of the bags over and going through the kit that he had been left with. Keeping his mind on the job, just like he had been trained to do. ","Summary":" Melissa bundled herself into the small phone booth, her head lowered so her greasy light blonde hai"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"Wind of Change","Author":"jenjen2000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2523901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prolog Immer noch mit seinen Gedanken bei Sylvia, sprang Tobin vom Geländer herunter und lehnte sich dagegen. Er starrte ihr hinterher während sie ihren Roller startete und wegfuhr. Als er sie nicht mehr sehen konnte ging er langsam in die Richtung seiner Wohnung... und damit auch weiter weg von ihr. Auf dem weg nach Hause kam er an der Bar vorbei in der er seine verstorbene Frau kennen gelernt hatte. Kurzerhand beschloss er sich die Bar zu betreten. Aufeinmal kamen Erinnerungen an seine verstorbene Frau in ihm hoch. Während er den dritten Scotch in sich hinein kippte, dachte er an Lydia und an die Zeit die sie miteinander verbracht hatten: Ihr erstes Treffen, die Heirat und natürlich auch an die vielen Trennungen und Versöhnungen. Doch dann musste er an Sylvia denken, er wusste nicht genau warum, aber er musste ganzeinfach an sie denken, daran wie sie sich zum ersten mal trafen, daran wie er sie nach der Explosion des Busses getröstet hatte und an das Treffen im Park, vor noch nicht einmal einer Stunde. Jetzt erst wurde ihm klar das er sie nie wieder sehen würde. Vergiss sie. Es war nicht weiter als ein Job, mehr nicht. Ja genau rede dir das nur lange genug ein, vielleicht hilft es ja, wer weiß? Mit diesen Gedanken erhob er sich und machte sich auf den Weg nach Hause. Sylvia hingegen wusste nicht so recht was sie denken sollte. Einerseits hatte sie gehofft er wäre ihr gefolgt, aber andererseits war sie sich nicht sicher ob sie es wirklich wollte. Er wurde ja nicht ausgewiesen, er wird nicht für eine Gefahr gehalten, wobei ich jetzt noch nicht sehe wo die Gefahr darin besteht mich hier zu lassen, aber egal..., wo war ich? Ach ja genau, er hat einen Job, den kann er nicht so einfach von den einen auf den anderen Tag kündigen und einfach so auswandern. Doch dann wurde ihr klar das sie es nicht zugelassen hätte, selbst wenn er gewollt hätte, was ziemlich unwahrscheinlich war, weil sich seit grade mal zwei Wochen, wenn nicht weniger kannten. Ich würde nicht zulassen das er alles hier hinter sich lässt nur damit er mitkommen kann. Wobei das jetzt eigentlich auch egal ist, weil er mir ja nicht nachgegangen ist, also, wieso noch darüber grübeln? Was hat es für einen sinn um jemanden zu trauern den man vor zwei Wochen kennen gelernt hat? Sie wollte sich nicht eingestehen das die schlimmste Zeit ihres Lebens auch gleichzeitig ihre schönste gewesen war. Die schönste Zeit? Warum? Sie hatte einen Mann kennen gelernt der wusste was sie dachte; zumindest größten Teils. Aber hatte sie wirklich gedacht er würde ihr, einer Frau, 23 Tage nachdem seine Frau gestorben war, hinterher gelaufen kommen? 23 Tage waren gar nicht, sie hatte Jahre um jemanden getrauert den sie liebte. Wieso mache ich mir noch Gedanken, er ist nicht gekommen und wird auch nie kommen. Um so etwas zu vergessen fängt man irgendwo anders neu an und da ich ja eh schon ausgewiesen wurde... ist doch die perfekte Chance um neu anzufangen. Inzwischen war Tobin endlich zu Hause angekommen und suchte seine Post durch um zu schauen ob vielleicht ein Brief von Sylvia da bei war, bis ihm wieder einfiel das sie nicht seine Adresse hatte, sondern nur seine Telefonnummer. Als er zum Anrufbeantworter rüber schaute, sah er das jemand eine Nachricht hinterlassen hatte. In seinem 'leicht angetrunkenen' Zustand stolperte er hinüber zum Gerät, nur um zu merken das es eine Nachricht von seiner Arbeitskollegin war, sie rief an um zu fragen ob mit ihm alles in Ordnung sei. Er rief kurz zurück um ihr zu sagen das es ihm gut ging, es wäre nur ein bisschen müde, nichts weiter. Er bemühte sich das Gespräch kurz zu machen, da er immer noch die Hoffnung hatte das Sylvia vielleicht anrufen würde. Da sie nach einer stunde immer noch nicht angerufen hatte, ergriff er selbst die Initiative und griff zum Hörer. Grade als er wieder auflegen wollte hob jemand ab: „Sylvia Broome?\" „Hier spricht die National Security, wir wollten fragen ob sie Hilfe beim packen benötigen?\" „Immer doch, wann können sie vorbei kommen?\" Darauf hin stellte er eine ganz schlaue Gegenfrage:„Wann haben sie Zeit?\" „Wie wäre es mit jetzt? Das Zeug hier muss nämlich alles bis morgen früh gepackt sein.\" „Ich bin in zwanzig Minuten bei ihnen.\" „Danke, bis dann,\" „Bis gleich.\", meinte er und legte auf. Genau achtzehn Minuten später stand er vor ihrer Wohnungstür und klingelte und klingelte und klingelt...bis jemand die Tür auf machte. „Gott Keller, nicht mal zwei Minuten hier und schon wird's laut.\" „Ich kann ja nichts dafür das sie die Tür nicht aufmachen.\" „Sie müssen verstehen, auf mich wurde in der letzten Woche ein Mordanschlag verübt, ich möchte sicher sein, dass ich dem richtigen die Tür auf mache. Wollen sie jetzt rein kommen oder hier draußen versauern.\" „Dann gehen wir doch besser rein.\" Als sie die Tür hinter sich geschlossen hatte sah er sich in der Wohnung um und stöhnte: „Das wollen sie alles mitnehmen? Ich glaube nicht das wir damit vor der Apokalypse fertig werden ( A/N: Wollte ich immer schon mal sagen), geschweige denn vor morgen früh.\" „Schön das sie immer so positiv denken, das macht einem richtig Mut.\", entgegnete Sylvia und fing wieder an zu packen. „Wie auch immer, wo soll ich anfangen?\", fragte er und schaute sich weiter um. „Ähm, am besten kommen sie mit ins Wohnzimmer, da muss das meiste verstaut werden, ich hab schon angefangen, aber eine oder zwei helfende Hände wären bestimmt nicht schlecht.\" Sie hatten es dann geschafft innerhalb zwei Stunde mit den Wohnzimmer fertig zu werden. Jetzt fehlten nur noch Schlafzimmer, Badezimmer, Küche, Flur und Büro... „Ich sagte doch, die Apokalypse ist früher...\", murmelte Tobin und machte die letzte Kiste im Wohnzimmer zu. So jetzt noch eben eine gaaaaaaaanz kurze Erklärung zu dem Grund der Fanfiction: Also... der Autor dieser ff (ich ) und zwei ihrer Freundinnen waren mal wieder im Kino (kommt ja auch nur so alle paar Wochen vor, aber egal), nach langen Überlegungen, es waren so um die 5 bis 10 Minuten entschieden wir uns einstimmig für die Dolmetscherin. Was auch nicht so übel war, bis der Schluss kam... Nachdem wir dann wieder bei Klein-faye zuhause angekommen waren und Latte-Macciato-Torte, Smarties und Saft zu uns genommen hatten, konnten wir uns nicht mehr zurück halten und fingen an ff's zu schreiben. Die zwar etwas schnulzig wurden, aber wenn kümmert das schon. Aber auf jeden Fall ist das hier mein Anfang von dem Anfall gewesen. Ach und noch was, für irgendwelche Rechtschreib- oder Grammatikfehler sind die Lehrer verantwortlich, die haben vergessen mir das richtige beizubringen :-D JenJen Reviewen bitte nicht vergessen, ich kann immer Kritik gebrauchen.[Chapter 2] Okkie dokkie… hier ist das neue Chap, wobei das schwachsinnig ist, da sowieso keiner liest, aber egal. Wenn demnächst immer noch kein review da ist, höre ich einfach auf. Kapitel 2 Einige Stunden später: „Silvia, wie konnten sie soviel Zeug hier in diese kleine Wohnung rein kriegen.\" Fragte Tobin und schaute sich die Umzugskartons an die sich im Wohnzimmer von Silvias Apartment stapelten. „Tja, da sehen sie mal wieder, dass Frauen besser aufräumen und weg räumen können als Männer.\" Meinte Silvia lächelnd. „Ich glaube nicht das sie besser aufräumen können, sie können sich nur nicht von Sachen trennen, das ist alles.\" „Ach ja? Und woher wollen sie das wissen?\" „Ich weiß es einfach. Aber da wir jetzt ja endlich fertig sind mit packen,… wollen sie was essen gehen?\", Fragte er. „Gerne, ich könnte was zu essen vertragen.\" „Gut ich kenne ein nettes Restaurant das jetzt noch offen hat. Ist auch direkt um die Ecke, was halten sie davon?\" „Ja, ich muss nur noch schnell meinen Mantel holen.\" Sagte sie und verschwand kurz, als sie wieder zurück kam hatte sie ihren Mantel angezogen. „Okay ich bin soweit.\" Sie gingen aus der Wohnung und in die Richtung in der, nach Kellers Beschreibung, das Restaurant liegen sollte. Dort angekommen war Silvia am staunen. „Dieses Restaurant ist doch unglaublich teuer, das kostet sie doch einen Monatsgehalt.\" „Ach was, das Restaurant gehört einem Bekannten von mir, ich krieg Nachlass, weil ich investiert habe als er es eröffnen wollte.\" „Also sind sie stiller Teilhaber an einem Restaurant.\" Hakte Silvia nach. „So würde ich das nicht sagen…\" Meinte er als sie das Restaurant betraten. „Guten Tag her Keller.\" Wurde er von einer Kellnerin begrüßt, „Ein Tisch für zwei?\" „Ja bitte.\" Nachdem sie ihre Jacken abgegeben hatten wurden sie zu einem Tisch geleitet, von dem aus man über den See, der hinter dem Restaurant war, und auf die Terrasse, schauen konnte. „Das ist hier ja unglaublich.\" Meinte Silvia als sie sich umschaute. Sie sah eine große Tanzfläche in der Mitte, die Wände waren durch indirektes Licht beleuchtet und im Hintergrund lief leise Musik, das alle gab dem Raum ein romantisches Flair. Nachdem sie sich für etwas zu trinken und etwas zu essen entschieden hatten, unterhielten sie sich etwas über das Leben das Silvia demnächst haben würde. „Was werden sie denn demnächst machen?\", wollte Tobin wissen. „Ich weiß nicht so recht, aber ich denke ich werde bei dem Wiederaufbau helfen, ich denke ich werde demnächst alles was irgendwo ankommt übersetzen dürfen.\" „Seien sie doch froh, dann haben sie theoretisch ja immer noch ein Job als Dolmetscherin.\" „Ja das schon, aber es wird nicht mehr dasselbe sein, ich lasse meinen ganzen Freunde, Bekannten und… eben alles zurück und muss irgendwo noch mal neu anfangen, nur weil irgendwelche Leute denken ich sei gefährlich.\" „Ja, aber ich würde das positiv sehen, dass sie wieder neu anfangen dürfen. Ich würde manchmal alles dafür geben wieder neu anfangen zu dürfen.\" „Nicht wenn grade alles gut ist für sie, wenn sie grade wieder anfangen Glück zu haben.\" „Was anderes, wo werden sie denn demnächst überhaupt leben? Ich dachte sie kennen dort niemanden mehr.\" „Doch ich kenne dort noch einen alten Freund von meinem Bruder, er hat irgendwie erfahren, dass ich zurück komme und hat mich gefragt ob ich bei ihm leben möchte bis ich etwas Eigenes gefunden habe.\" Tobin merkte das es ihm wehtat, als sie erwähnte, dass sie bei einem „alten Freund\" wohnen würde. Das ist nur, weil ich mir Sorgen um sie mache, sonst nichts. Inzwischen war ihr Essen angekommen und sie aßen auf, bevor Tobin sie fragte: „Möchten sie tanzen?\" „Ja gerne.\" Sie standen auf, Tobin nahm ihre Hand und ging mit ihr auf die Tanzfläche als Hallelujah von Rufus Wainwright zu spielen begann. (A/N Haaaa, ich liebe es) Er legte seine Arme um ihre Taille und sie schlang ihre Arme um seinen Hals, als sie anfingen zur Musik zu tanzen. „Sie denken also wirklich, dass sie dort zurecht kommen werden?\", fragte Tobin. „Ich hab nie irgendwas davon gesagt, dass ich dort zu Recht komme. Das haben sie gesagt, ich würde viel lieber hier bleiben und meinen Job weiter machen.\" „In spätestens ein paar Monaten haben sie alles hier vergessen und sind glücklich zurückgegangen zu sein, sie werden ihre Freunde vergessen haben, weil sie neue gefunden haben usw...\" „Wie kommen sie nur immer wieder auf solch einen Schwachsinn? Ich denke nicht das ich in ein paar Monaten alles was ich hier erlebt habe vergesse und einfach so weiter lebe als ob nichts passiert wäre.\" „Wie wäre es wenn wir dieses Thema einfach vergessen und uns schöneren Sachen zuwenden?\" „Okay, könnten wir vielleicht gehen? Ich würde gerne noch etwas rumgehen… das ist ja schließlich meine letzte Nacht in New York und Amerika, da würde ich mir das gerne noch einmal alles anschauen.\" „Können wir machen.\" Nachdem sie bezahlten hatten und sich ihre Jacken haben geben lassen, gingen sie an den Hudson River (A/N Ich glaub so hieß der Fluss) spazieren. Sie redeten über alle möglichen Dinge die einem für so einen Anlass sehr schwachsinnig vorkamen, da sie sich höchstwahrscheinlich nie wieder sehen würden. Sie erfuhr, dass sein Lieblingsfilm „Independence Day\" ist und, dass seine Lieblingsband Queen ist. Im Gegenzug erfuhr er, dass ihr Lieblingsfilm „Der Regenmacher\" ist und dass sie am Liebsten Phil Collins hört, er aber nur ein kleines Stück vor den Beatles liegt. Sie kamen an der Stelle an, an der sie sich früher an Tag getroffen hatten, lehnten sich an die Brüstung und schauten auf den Fluss und auf die Stadt die dahinter lag. Während Silvia darüber nachdachte was sie demnächst machte und was sie hinter sich lassen müsste, wurde ihr auf einmal klar das sie jemanden vergessen müsste, der in den letzten paar Tagen immer für sie da war, der ihr, fast immer, geglaubt hatte und für sie da gewesen war, der, wie ihr klar wurde, mehr für sie bedeutete als alle anderen zusammen. Nämlich der Mann der grade jetzt neben ihr stand und sie mit fragendem Blick anschaute: Tobin Keller. (A/N Ach bin ich wieder schnulzig heute) „Über was denken sie grade?\", fragte Tobin, der noch immer nicht ganz gefasst war sie einfach so gehen zu lassen. Sie war einer der wenigen Menschen die wussten wie es hinter seiner, meistens gut gelaunten, immer einen Spruch paraten, Fassade wirklich aussah. „Über nichts, nur darüber wie schön es hier ist, das ist alles. Ach ja und darüber das es ganz egal ist ob ich gehe oder nicht, das Leben hier geht weiter auch ohne das ich hier bin, alles verläuft so wie früher, außer das ich nicht mehr hier bin.\" „Was reden sie denn da für einen Schwachsinn, hier wird es nicht so sein wie vorher, alle werden sie vermissen, ihre Freunde, ihre Kollegen… ich…\" Soooooooo, das war's erstmal wieder, Jen[Chapter 3] Also, das ist jetzt das dritte Kapitel und ich hab nur ein review –heul- Aber egal, immer hin habe ich was zu tun wenn ich schreibe. Da fällt mir ein ich muss ja noch so was ganz tolles sagen, nämlich: Mir gehört die Dolmetscherin nicht und sonst auch nix, schade eigentlich, aber wo war ich? Ach ja, mir gehört nur diese tolle Geschichte in die ich die beiden verpflanzt habe. So das war's, lange Rede kurzer Sinn, hier ist das dritte Kapitel. Ach ja bevor ich das Kapitel schreib, was zum Review (freu, ich hab eins): Wollen wir doch mal hoffen, dass du den Knoten wieder aus den Fingern kriegst, damit du weiter schreiben kannst. :-D. Ich weiß, dass ich schnulzig schreibe, so wie immer. Immerhin wissen wir jetzt zumindest woher wir diese tollen Kreativitätsschübe haben (smile) Und noch was, das mit dem klein- da stand eigentlich faye hinter, aber ich hab es schon geändert. SORRY Noch was, das Kapitel wird ziemlich komisch aber ich bin grad in einer Depri- Phase, alle verlassen mich ;-( „Schön, dass sie mich aufmuntern möchten Tobin, aber das müssen sie nicht.\" „Eigentlich müssten sie langsam wissen das ich sie nicht anlüge. Ich werde sie vermissen, das können sie mir glauben.\" Meinte Tobin und schaute Silvia in die Augen. Silvia sprang ihm Buchstäblich in die Arme und flüsterte ihm ins Ohr: „Danke, danke, das konnte ich jetzt gebrauchen.\" „Die Wahrheit kann man immer gebrauchen, nicht wahr?\" „Ja, wenn sie meinen das, dass die Wahrheit wäre…\" „Das meine ich, ich sage nämlich immer die Wahrheit.\" Meinte Keller lächelnd. „Ja sicher, Mister Secret Service.\" „Also, wo waren wir vor diesem Emotionsausbruch?\" Fragte Tobin, löste sich von ihr und lehnte sich wieder an die Brüstung. „Ich weiß nicht, aber könnten wir wieder etwas weiter gehen? Ich würde gerne noch etwas durch die Stadt gehen, das ist immer hin die letzte Nacht hier.\" „Ich finde sie sehen das zu schwarz, sie können doch immer noch in den Urlaub nach Amerika fahren… oder sie könnten jemanden heiraten.\" Meinte Tobin lächelnd. „Ganz tolle Idee, ich such mir jetzt um… 24 Uhr noch einen Mann den ich vor morgen 8 Uhr heirate. Das ist eine sehr tolle Idee.\" „War ja auch nur ein Vorschlag. Da fällt mir ein, Haben sie schon jemanden der sie morgen früh zum Flughafen bringt?\" „Nein, noch nicht. Ist das ein Angebot?\" „Ja, wenn sie jemanden brauchen der sie fährt, ich habe morgen sowieso frei und da ich nichts vorhabe…\" „Danke.\" „Kein Problem, vielleicht kauf ich mir ja auch ein Ticket, dann komm ich mit.\" „Wenn sie meinen…\" „Wie auch immer, sollen wir weiter gehen, sonst stehen wir noch morgen hier.\" „Schön wär's…\" „Sie sind heute Abend ziemlich deprimiert, kann das sein?\" „Kann gut sein.\" Meinte Silvia lächelnd. „Wie wäre es wenn ich sie jetzt nach Hause bringe und sie etwas schlafen, vielleicht geht es ihnen morgen früh besser.\" „Ich bin mir da zwar nicht ganz so sicher, aber wenn sie meinen.\" Als sie einige Zeit später an ihrer Wohnung ankamen drehte sie sich zu ihm um und umarmte ihn. „Danke.\" \"Wofür?\", Fragte er verwundert. „Für alles. Danke.\" „Kein Problem.\" Sagte Tobin grinsend. „Wollen sie noch mit rein kommen und sich mit mir ein Besäufnis liefern? Ich muss den Alkohol weg kriegen.\" (A/N Sorry wenn das jetzt deiner ff sehr ähnelt Faye, aber irgendwas muss ich ja schreiben) „Och für einen kleinen Mitternachtsdrink bin ich immer zu haben.\" Antwortete Tobin und ging in die Wohnung. „Gut zu wissen, wenn ich demnächst mal hier vorbei komme, bringe ich ihnen eine Flasche Whisky mit oder so was.\" „Wenn schon, dann zumindest Scotch.\" „Merke ich mir.\" „Tun sie das.\" „Also, was wollen sie trinken, ich hab nämlich leider keinen Scotch mehr da. Ich hätte… aber so ziemlich alles andere.\" „Geben sie mir einfach irgendwas, ich bin mit allem zufrieden.\" „Gut, dann fangen wir mit der Flasche an die am leersten ist.\" Schlug Silvia vor und stellte eine Flasche und zwei Gläser vor ihr auf den Tisch. Bis 5 Uhr morgens tranken sie drei verschiedene Flaschen leer. „Ich muss ihnen was sagen Keller.\" Sagte Silvia und an ihrer Stimme konnte man erkennen, dass sie etwas getrunken hatte. „Ich glaube jetzt sind sie vollkommen betrunken. Sie sollten sie am besten jetzt hinlegen, dann sind sie wenigstens wach wenn sie fliegen.\" „Ich bin nicht müde.\" Als sie das letzte Wort äußerte fing sie an zu gähnen. „Das glaube ich ihnen 100 prozentig.\" „Ich gehe jetzt schlafen.\" Doch sie kam nicht mal vom Sofa hoch. Sie legte ihren Kopf auf die Seite des Sofas und Tobin hob ihre Beine auf seinen Schoß. Sie bekam grade noch ein „Gute Nacht\" von Tobin mit, bevor sie ins Land der Träume eintauchte. Tobin saß die ganze Zeit nur da und schaute auf die leere Wand. Gegen 7 Uhr weckte er Silvia schweren Herzens auf. „Was ist los?\", fragte Silvia noch halb am schlafen. „Sie müssen aufstehen, sie müssen zum Flughafen, ihr Flug geht in einer Stunde.\" „Ich will nicht. Ich habe Kopfschmerzen. Mir dröhnt der Schädel.\" „Tja Ms. Broome Sie sind nichts gewöhnt.\" Lächelte Tobin, ohne zuzugeben, dass auch er etwas Kopfschmerzen hatte. Doch dem Aussehen nach ging es ihm um einiges Besser als Silvia. „Haben Sie hier zufällig Aspirin?\" „Woher soll ich das wissen, Sie wohnen doch hier.\" „Ach ja, stimmt…, könnten Sie mit ein Aspirin holen?\" „Sicher, im Bad?\" Sie nickte nur. „Bin gleich wieder da.\" Nach einigen Minuten kam er wieder mit einer Aspirin und einem Glas Wasser. „Hier.\" „Danke sehr.\" Sagte sie während sie sich aufsetzte. „Ich hasse dieses Zeug, es ist ekelhaft.\" „Wie auch immer, ich glaube wir müssen los, sonst verpassen sie noch ihr Flugzeug.\" „Wenn es denn sein muss.\" Sie stand widerwillig auf und ging zur Tür, schaute sich noch einmal um und schloss die Tür dann hinter sich und Tobin. Die Fahrt zum Flughafen verlief leise. Keiner von beiden wusste so richtig was er sagen sollte. Sie checkte ein und zum abschied meinte sie zu ihm: „Ich werde Sie nie vergessen, kommen Sie mich demnächst mal besuchen.\" „Sagen Sie mir Bescheid wenn Sie sich eingerichtet haben.\" Sie lächelte ihn noch einmal an bevor sie ins Flugzeug stieg Ich weiß das das Kapitel komisch aufhört, aber ich wusste nicht wie ich es schreiben sollte. Ich glaube oder hoffe das nächste Kapitel hat ein besseres Ende. JenJen ","Summary":" Prolog Immer noch mit seinen Gedanken bei Sylvia, sprang Tobin vom Geländer herunter und lehnte sic"},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Cowboys and Demons","Author":"Purple Puffer Fish","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7254900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters with the exceptions of probable OC's are not my own, in fact, they will never be, so don't arrest me please (dry expression)... A/N: When you pair extreme tiredness to the night when you see the movie, you have this: probably the first story in the category. Genre-wise, two selections really can't cover it in its entirety. It's a bizarre mixture of a western/action/adventure/friendship/suspense/supernatural, plus a little bit of horror...and let's not forget a substantial dose of romance now! Ya can't properly have a sequel to such an awesome film without it! But, my dear friends, I know what you are thinking. Yes, you are thinking \"No! An OC story? You murderer!\" I can assure you, my acquaintances of FanFiction, that I have tried my utmost hardest to make this story into something not focused exclusively on the relationship of the cannon character and the OC. Clearly, said original character is female, and I have worked hard to assure myself and others that no Mary Sue shall be found here! It may seem like it in the first few chapters, but during those I am simply developing the plot before we take the literary plunge together into a vastly different place than what you undoubtedly first assumed. I take any sort of advice into deep consideration, and very much love getting reviews! I hope you enjoy this endeavor of mine! Chapter 1 - Unwanted Confrontations Jake Lonergan traveled unaccompanied. It was only natural - he truly did live up to the rarely detected first part of his last name. The pronunciation got them every time. The solitude of the desert was calming, the utter silence, fulfilling. The light breezes of early evening washed across his face like a welcomed emotion, taking away the heat that the midday sun had brought to him, if only for a little while. By force of habit at this thought, he raised two fingers to the brim of his hat, and tipped it back down to its customary position, for it often became askew, jostled around by the sometimes harsh movements of the horse beneath him. He rode on to places unknown with no intentions; no purpose, his services no longer needed for the town that had only before the problems began harbored scorn for him. He was a free man. His horse was a good one, handpicked from a herd of strong-bred males, shaped and molded over the years for life in the desert. When mulling lightly over various names he could privately refer to the animal by, he had settled on \"Paytah\", a title of the Native American Sioux tribe origin meaning ' fire '. It fit the stallion well, the pace of the creature as that of a wildfire. The horse was essential to life on the move, for the desert was harsh, and memories of a trek across it a long while ago with a woman in his arms reminded him just how much wear it had on a man. Water was scarce; rivers few and far between, more so than occasional towns, no more recurrent than a needle in a haystack. Sometimes he would ride into one, hoping to get some good quality food, only to find that it was abandoned, long gone corpses of its previous inhabitants marring the streets. Needless to say, he was able to continue on his way without feeling like he should stay the night... When settlements were naught in sight, he shot jackrabbits. Large Antelope Jackrabbits that were fast on their feet and hard to catch unawares. But by some means, he got by on them. He always carried enough bullets with him to last two weeks, the longest he had ever been away from a permanent town. When he arrived in one, he would always get more, selling the hides from the rabbits he had killed for money. It was a constant cycle, repetitive, but necessary. He had learned to deal with it. It was his life after all. One particular night, the fifth night since his last contact with other human beings to be precise, he dismounted his steed and tied it to a sturdy tree near a seemingly secure rock formation. After removing what little he needed, he sat down beneath it, removing his hat and placing it beside him, simultaneously opening the pouch of food that he had taken from its place upon the horse's saddle. Staring into it blankly, he found that there was only enough rations left for, at best, one or two more days if he let himself go slightly hungry. He sighed and took a piece of the bread in hand from within, pulling the draw strings on the bag closed and sitting it next to his hat. As he ate this small bit of sustenance he watched the sun set, distractedly wondering how long it would be until he found another comfortable place to spend the night. The life of a roving man left no room for comfort when it came to sleep, and after days of sleeping on the hard ground, a practice that the toughest of the tough had done for centuries, he always anticipated a genuine bed to rest in. Just for one night, of course. Staying in a town any longer than that could become problematic, as he had discovered that fateful night in Absolution. Finishing his sad excuse for a dinner, he crossed his arms behind his head and lay them on the rolled up blanket he used for a pillow. The stars were only just beginning to appear. They made the discomfort of the ground worth it, as they had for so many other in his position. Out there above there was a world unknown, a world where alien life forms thrived and preyed on each other, and where the good citizens of earth were a race to be plundered for undesirable utilization. To the beings beyond visual range, humans were weaklings. That is, until the inhabitants of Absolution and a menagerie of others fought against them. But one thing was for certain, if there were more demonic creatures out there past the stars, they surely didn't know the same things as the particular ones who already had come to earth knew. It was just a thought that was ever present in his mind. Sighing deeply again, he closed his eyes after a myriad of time observing the stars, and slowly drifted off into a light sleep. ... ... \" Jake...\" A haunting voice called. \"Jake...\" His eyes shot open. His breathing quickened. He had no idea as to where he was. There was a bright light above, and for a terrifying moment he thought it to be the light that plagued his past, but it wasn't, it was simply the sun's effect on tired eyes. He pushed himself up into a sitting position, no longer in the desert, but in an endless field of soft, green grass. He looked around, quite internally bothered. His rough hands ran through the long grass, remembering what it felt like after so long in the sand and sharp bushes. He blinked, unsure of what reality was anymore. \"Jake...\" The voice resounded again, distant yet so close. \"Help me, Jake...\" He was to his feet in an instant. \"Who's there?\" He demanded, on edge. \"Are you hurt?\" \"Help...\" He heard it again and tried to find where it came from, but it was all over, infinite, eerie, most of all, female. Somewhere, there was a woman in trouble, that or she was just a figment of his own mind. \"Where are you?\" He said a but louder, spinning around. \"Here...\" It was directly behind him. When he turned to meet the voice's owner, he was greeted with a sight that caused his knees to feel week. A sight that made him nauseous. Ella Swenson stood there, the wrist band she had taken from his grasped in her hands, facing him. Her stare was lifeless, otherworldly, her eyes unblinking. He took a faltering step towards her, but stopped dead when he saw the grass around her begin to move like it was alive. From it came the demons, the aliens who had taken the loved ones from the townspeople, distorted and hunched. Their backs were littered with the arrows and spears of the Chiricahua people, their faces mangled from the bullets that had been repeatedly shot at them. They rose up higher on their strong hind legs, not noticing him standing there, eyes only trained on the woman they surrounded. \"Ella...\" He murmured, and she smiled sadly, just before she was engulfed in the sea of bodies that overtook her with lethal intent. He watched, unable to move out of his own horror, weapons nonexistent and face contorted with a blend of rage and grief. The monsters were ripping her apart before his very eyes. Her blood stained the grass, her cries were unheard through the chorus of growls and roars from her attackers. He shook his head slowly out of pure disbelief. There was no possible way she could have met an end of that magnitude. The ship was destroyed, and she had been the one to do it. Just as he thought these things, a burst of frighteningly white light awoke him from the dream . ... ... The desert was naturally cold in the middle of the night, but when he returned from the appalling place that had been his nightmare and saw the group of faces hovering above him, the current temperature was the last thing on his mind. He felt the boot collide with the side of his ribcage and scowled. There were guns trained on him, many guns. Through the darkness he counted six men, each equally repulsive even in the minimal light. \"Well...\" drawled one of them, \"looks like we found an outsider, boys.\" ... ... A/N: I hope you enjoyed it! Please do review if you will, and I shall write another chapter ASAP for you. Good day to you all :D[Chapter 2] A/N: Why hello there! No reviews for the last chapter, but that's all right! Please do give me some feedback though, I would oh so very much appreciate it! Here's the next chapter! I got to start using the protagonist's name more, seeing as if would be utterly confusing if I didn't Enjoy! Chapter 2 - The Way of the Peacemaker The voice that stated the observation aloud was rough and dehydrated, as if the owner had not ingested a single drop of water in an entire day. Ugly - even in the dark - dragged out, and with a large amount of scraggly facial hair, the man was the epitome of an outlaw, even more so than Jake himself had apparently been at one time. He seemed to have no concept of physical hygiene, and reeked of alcohol; he and the others with him. Jake had sat up where he was by the time the man who he thought to be the leader spoke again, ordering him to get to his feet or lose them. Predictably, he who the rogue wanderers were ordering around stayed right where he way, staring up at them all in a patronizing, lazy manner. He would not be demanded to do anything, nor would he sink to their level. He just needed some more time to weigh the odds. Time he considerably lacked. The leader cursed maliciously, his boot finding another mark near the same place it had before. \"Get up! I don't care a continental whether you want to or not! Get your dirty carcass up off the ground or we'll do it for you!\" Jake's mouth thinned. \"Do what you want, then. Makes no difference to me.\" He spat pointedly at their feet then for emphasis. But just when he was about to silence himself, he felt overly compelled to add, \"My horse - take it with you.\" \"Oh, we will . Do you really think we would let such an animal go to waste?\" The leader motioned to the pair of men on either side of Jake, who ripped him up off the ground in a heartbeat. Another took his hat into their possession and placed it upon their head while he looked on, hiding his scorn behind a mask of noiseless indifference. \"All righty boys, we'll take him back with us and deal with him at the camp.\" Jake could not ever verbally describe the shame he felt as they jostled him towards their alleged camp, a shame never customarily experienced by one of his aggressive abilities. He could have fought them off, yes, but risking injuries out in an environment that he knew not was risky, and the next town could be days away. Paytah was a miracle worker, but needed rest and time to catch his breath, as most running animals did, thus ruling out a nonstop gallop through the harsh climate. The more he thought about it, the more Jake became irritated with himself. Certainly, he found aggravation with those who had awoken him from his light sleep - no matter how thankful he was about their ending his nightmare - but even more with his own lack of awareness when it came to hiding himself and his horse better for the evening. If he had only done so, they would probably have passed him on by, oblivious to his presence in their territory. He made a mental note to make sure and put this new found consciousness into action after he had managed an escape, which he fully planned on. As he was escorted roughly past his horse, the leader paused and ran a hand down over the animal's head. A contented sigh escaped him. \"I think this will make an excellent gift...\" \"Yeah. No worries, Carson, this'll get you off the hook for sure. Ain't no crowbait here.\" One of the men leading the procession commented. \"Let's hope so for the sake of our new buddy here.\" The one called Carson replied grimly referring to the taciturn man they had captured. \" He might just get eaten alive.\" Jake suppressed the urge to stiffen in posture from the declaration, curious as to whom they were talking about with such foreboding, yet not entirely wanting to come into contact with them. He took one more longing stare at Paytah before they shoved him on his way, his hands previously bound behind his back, much to his great frustration, nearly violent by the time they had finished and made sure that the rope they used had almost cut into his wrists. There were the civilized outlaws and then there were the complete opposite. These were the latter. \"A bit offish this one is, ain't he?\" The one man gripping his right shoulder said to the one on the left conversationally. \"He's well played out, I would be expecting such offishness. Just as well as he doesn't shin out, and Carson doesn't beat us, we keep our opinions to ourselves.\" Jake felt a smirk twitch on his lips, nearly becoming evident, but their words rang true. He was, in fact keeping himself reserved, but only for a time. As if running would be a doable option right now ...He continued to remind himself, picturing the pain he would have to deal with if he was wounded in his escape. No, he would wait. He would wait until a time like no other presented itself. ... ... The specified camp wasn't as large as Jake had assumed it would be when his 'captors' had first mentioned it. It was because of this that it didn't surprise him that he had never encountered the group before, for the desert was vast, and the amount of people, few. After all, he was only one man, easily hidden amongst the endless mesas and canons, or at least up until that night when he had been stumbled upon in a moment that could only be brought about by sick irony. He walked silently along with the camp's inhabitants because of this, feeling horrid, but biding his time nonetheless. Still, he wished not to kick up a row, so to speak, and kept his face down, dreadfully exposed without the brim of his hat to shield his face. He heard faint music, and his eyes searched out the source, finding it to be coming from a fire. The rest of the group sat around it as the two men holding him brought him in closer. One, whose back was to Jake, played what appeared to be a banjo and the others were situated in various stages of comfort, few speaking. All stopped, however when they noticed their leader returning from his travels, purpose still unknown to Jake. Carson drew their attention to his recently acquired hostage almost immediately, and their eyes bored into the restrained man, demanding answers about him without words. They were a judgmental lot, it seemed, but one could only expect that from a group of wanted men. It was more than likely a rare day when another human was brought before them, even rarer still a human who was sill alive . Carson went on to explain how they had come to obtain the man they now paraded in front of the others like some sort of living trophy. After the story had been completed, blown drastically out of proportion as expected, Jake watched in solemn tranquility as his horse, his wildfire was lead onto the scene by the man who had taken his hat. The animal put up little fight, but even a fool could tell Paytah was uneasy about the situation, accustomed to solitude. \"We also took from this man his horse, not a hint shoddy and an all around fine ride.\" Jake observed him as his eyes became focused on a particular individual in the group, hidden partially by the ghostly shadows the fire created. \"I got it for you , Quince.\" Mumblings resounded around; Jake endeavored to get even the slightest hint as to what they were saying, but could not pick up any of their words. His treasured horse was taken around and the lead rope placed in the hands of the one referred to as Quince, who stood to stroke Paytah's head with their free hand. The loyal animal nudged the hand that touched it back, making Jake mentally roll his eyes and think: oh yes...very loyal indeed ...He continued to watch as the person to which Paytah had been given said something very quietly and lead the horse away, becoming naught but two vanishing silhouettes in the darkness. Seeing the stranger disappear with what was rightfully his ignited a will in him to know. He would find out who Quince was by morning, and what they were to do with Paytah. ... ... He was given no food, but thankfully some water, the only civilized treatment he was given before literally being chained to a lone tree and left on his own. He wondered where they had even managed to get a chain long enough to facilitate a human being, when it occurred to him that most of them had probably escaped from prison anyhow, bringing with them their shackles. His wrists remained bound behind his back, one ankle constricted so tightly with the chain he feared it would lose all circulation and be rendered unusable. He lay there on the rough ground as he had done so many times before, but found it far less comfortable when he could not move his arms. Of course, he was still strong and durable, tolerance high and mind prepared for such circumstances, but even he could not deny the fact that it was going to be a long night. ... ... Morning came unexpectedly, the light awaking him from a dreamless, barren sleep he had seemingly only just found. By then, he could not feel his arms, numb from the odd angle they had been placed in for an extended period of time, and the skin around his ankle had begun to turn a most queer shade of purple. His other leg was by far the most contented of his limbs, neither bound nor held back by a chain. He took the opportunity to survey the state of affairs, eying closely the manner in which they had secured the chain to the thick trunk of the tree. Ah, it was not as difficult as he had originally thought it to be. With only a fairly significant amount of force, it could be broken, but such plans would have to wait until the next nightfall. Then came the problem of locating his horse once again. \"Quince\" probably had Paytah even as Jake considered the prospect. Another hour passed, and one by one, he caught glimpses of the camp members stirring about. He made no effort to get their attention sitting with his back to the tree without speaking. At last, one man took notice of him and walked over to him cautiously. He was a skinny excuse for a male living in the desert - no substance on his small frame to speak of, almost dainty. He sported a head of cropped, blonde hair and wore only a vest and shabby trousers. His ribs were nearly visible. If he was what a typical rip looked like in the group, Jake could hardly wait to get a look at the rest of them. \"Hey there...\" The man greeted sheepishly, keeping his distance. \"Can I free you without being scared for any of my vitals?\" Jake studied him, finding no ill intent, then nodded slowly, moving away from the tree so that the scrawny man could work at the chain. \"Names' Riley.\" He said in a friendly sort of way as he went about the task of letting Jake go. \"What's yours?\" Jake merely stared at him before breaking his silence and muttering, \"None of your business.\" Riley stopped what he was doing and met the other man's gaze, looking only the slightest bit affronted. \"That's...that's fine then. I won't press you. You don't even want to be here anyway. Why should you tell us anything?\" There was no sarcasm in the statement. Jake decided that he would give this Riley fellow a chance. He appeared to be a good enough person, perhaps even a future ally... When his ankle was ridden of the chain, Jake stood, and surprisingly, his wrists were untied. He cracked his knuckles one by one, and rolled his neck, Riley watching with quiet inspection. \"Thanks.\" Was all he said, before walking out in the direction of the other camp inhabitants. \"No! Wait!\" His shoulder was caught by a bony hand, and he turned only just to look back. \"You can't just go waltzing on in! I need to be with you or they'll shoot you as an escaping prisoner!\" Jake scoffed lightly. \"As if they don't know what it feels like.\" \"I don't make the rules - \" Riley started knowingly, but was interrupted. \"Do what you have to.\" Riley took the captive through the group of rousing people and to a place where he could wash up. Standing very near to Jake, his escort focused on something else as he threw some water over his face and rubbed away the dirt with his hands. He let the water drip off for a long moment, eyes closed, before opening them and taking in the sights around him. The first thing he saw was most peculiar. He saw Paytah, not a hundred feet away, walking around like some sort of thoroughbred. But it was not only this that staggered him, but also the fact that upon his back, there sat a woman, wide brimmed hat shading her face from the sun, controlling the horse like it belonged to her . She gripped the reigns tightly, pulling them far to drastically for a creature who had always been aloud to go where it pleased. What was worse was, Paytah was fully compliant, catering to her every wordless command and motion of her gloved hands. Jake had never seen his horse so submissive to anyone other than he, himself. Truth be told, it was all too unnerving. \"Hey...\" Riley said, cutting through the haze of unease his thoughts had brought him. \"You all right there?\" He tore his eyes away and looked back down at the bucket of water, lifting and dropping his shoulders once. It was clear now that Quince was, in fact, a woman, and she now owned Paytah, training him in ways that Jake would never have. \"Ohh no.\" Riley said suddenly. \"No.\" He repeated firmly when Jake had raised his head to look at him. \"Give up now and save your soul!\" Jake's brow furrowed quizzically in response. \"I know what you were thinking...\" Riley dared to explain, eyes wide. \"That girl there\" - he tilted his head towards the woman on the horse - \"has caused many a man to go up the spout. She scoops them in, and then kills them. Literally .\" Jake looked at her once more, wanting very much to tell Riley he was sorely mistaken, but nothing would come to him. He now knew where to find his horse though, when he put into action his escape. Some more planning was in order. ... ... Welllll? You like? Please do drop me a line! ^_^ Peace![Chapter 3] A/N: As you probably noticed, I only just changed the title, seeing as before I had little idea where this was going. But...now I do! Hence, an all around informative title, yes? Yes. Wrote this under the inspiration of Bon Jovi's Blaze of Glory , and Switchfoot's Dark Horses , two awesome songs to be sure. Chapter 3 - Methods of Escape \" Miller !\" came the antagonistic male yell, causing Riley to spin around like a small, skittish animal. He had been in the process of mulling over how to convince them to let Jake have some food when the two men had both heard the voice and looked towards its source, though Jake did so with far less animation. Carson advanced upon them, fists clenched and face resembling that of a raging bull. Between his incensed expression and heavy footsteps, he was a sight that would evoke trepidation into a weaker man, but Jake just scoffed inwardly. Uglier in the daytime, just like I expected ...He thought, repressing the sneer that threatened to make itself known. It was the afternoon of the second day he had been in the camp, and mercifully, he had not seen Carson's face; he had been out hunting for food with the same band of thugs that had found him. \"Wh-what?\" Riley faltered when Carson had come to a harsh halt before them. \"Something wrong?\" \"Why in Christ's name is he walkin' around like some sorta free range chicken ?\" A finger was pointed accusingly at Jake, who hung back a bit unobtrusively as Carson snarled at his nervous subordinate. \"We chained him up last night! Why did you let him out Miller ?\" Riley raised his hands, a futile attempt to placate Carson. \"I was just letting him stretch is all! He's been good! Hasn't tried to run, not one bit!\" \" No Miller, you don't get it do you? You and that \"good heart\" of yours...This guy is on the shoot, and you're so wretchedly oblivious it's sad!\" He swore loudly for emphasis, drawing even more attention to the scene than there had been before. Jake crossed his arms and focused on his feet, until another, unfamiliar tone cut through the tension that had arose. \"Carson giving you trouble again Riley?\" It was a smooth voice, yet had a quality to it that made it sound very serious and even slightly on the threatening side. Jake's eyes flitted up to see a man who looked very much like Carson, but more distinguished with an almost clean-shaven face, at least having some sense of cleanliness where it counted. Riley nodded to answer the question, perking up at the sudden other presence. \"Case, I swear I didn't touch him! He had it coming!\" Ignoring Carson's protesting against the issue, Case turned his attention to Jake, and his gaze hardened. \"This the one?\" \"Yeah...\" Carson replied indignantly. \"Ain't he shady lookin'?\" \"Thoroughly,\" muttered Case under his breath, taking a step closer to Jake. He had a deep, repugnant scar running from his forehead down to his jawline that had long since healed, Jake noticed it straight away. \"What's your name?\" Riley piped up, \"He won't tell!\" This true proclamation was followed by a grunt as Carson's elbow found its way into his chest. \"Oh, come on, you have to have one,\" Case coaxed, holding the steely eyes of the camp's new hostage. They remained locked in an deep, stoic stare for a long moment, but Case let himself gradually look away. \"Was my brother hard on you when he found you?\" He asked absentmindedly. Jake's suspicions were justified by this conformation; their relationship as brothers was the reason for their physical similarities. Case was clearly the elder, but had the same stringy blonde hair as Carson, except his was tied back, while his younger brothers hung messily around his face. Either way, Jake did not answer, not even giving a subtle head motion or gesture to let Case assume anything. It was because of his utter lack of response that Case sniggered lightly, once again joining in a battle of the eyes. His shown with hidden malice, and it was then that Jake understood that Case was a very dangerous man, indeed. \"What type of mudsill are you, huh?\" Carson's older brother drew, crossing his arms to match the captive only feet away from him. \"What kind of... low-life ?\" Surly as ever, Jake leaned forward and said gruffly, \"A real good one.\" Case exhaled and backed slowly away, stroking his chin contemplatingly. He looked to his brother and Riley, who watched, temporarily giving up whatever opposition they had to one another. Finally coming to some verdict it seemed, Case frowned and stated to the two spectating men, \"I don't like this one. Chain him up every evening, and during the day, don't let him out of your sight, or I'll personally castrate you in the most vile way possible.\" And it did not take a schooled man to know that Case was dead serious. Carson, glaring, followed Case as he left without further word. Riley swallowed loudly, as if he had been holding back such an action since the two brothers had arrived. \"Sweet Jesus,\" he garbled, \"please don't try and run on me...I value what I have!\" Jake allowed the slightest shadow of a smirk. \"All men with wits do,\" he concluded, drawing a small chortle from Riley. \"Would you look at that? Guy's got himself a sense of humor!\" The smirk faded into nothingness as Riley's voice grew faint. He had been keeping a close eye on the brothers, specifically Case, when he saw the woman who had taken his horse from him. The woman called Quince. A will to take back what was rightfully his emerged again from the cage he locked it in, intensified when he took in the way she walked, head held high and pride in her gait. Pride for her possessions and freedom. Pride for her rank, for no one looked at her in a way that would induce any bitterness from her sickly striking self. And ultimately, pride for the elder brother, who she drew close to, and paying no regard for those around her who she certainly deemed lesser, kissed with a passion that only came from the satisfaction of wrapping one around one's finger. Jake cursed himself for his over-analyzing, feeling as though he had let his reckless thoughts of resentment distort everything. Case pulled away from her only just, and whispered something into her ear; something that made her peer over his shoulder, something unreadable flickering across her face even from a distance. She eyed Jake for a few seconds and that only, releasing Case and turning away, like she had been repulsed by the very sight of the prisoner whom the man she had displayed clear public affection to had brought her attention to. Regrettably, Jake's antipathy for her treatment of Paytah caused him to linger too long in his scrutiny, and Riley discerned it for what he had assumed it was earlier. \"Again, huh?\" He sighed. \"Look, buddy, I can't stop you from looking, but you hafta understand that she's not a good - \" \"No. You understand,\" Jake went on with his habit of interruption, reality palpable. \"That shake has my horse.\" He refused to call her a 'whore'. The word brought back too many memories; memories of she who was only known by that designation, and not her name. Alice ...So lovely , yet so monstrously taken from the world of the living. Riley's eyes widened, and he was speechless for some time, his mouth ajar. \"They gave your ride to her ?\" \"Carson did.\" \"Well, does Case know?\" \"I would think...\" Trying to be cheerful but failing miserably, Riley commented, \"At least you won't need a horse now, eh?\" Truth be told, Jake's patience was thinning, with everyone and everything. The absolute obliviousness his chaperone had with his predicament wasn't helping either. ... ... Despite Riley Miller's affability, he was not a man to cross those in authority, and chained Jake back up that night, albeit a bit halfheartedly. He made sure that the chain was not so tight that it cut off the circulation in the prisoner's leg, and that his hands were bound behind his back in a way that would keep his arms from going numb too quickly. Riley was also able to get him some food and a small amount of water ahead of his re-confinement. How he had been able to talk anyone into giving him any extra nourishment was beyond Jake's comprehension, though with so much virtue it wasn't exceedingly difficult to believe. It was too bad, that after all was said and done, his congeniality would probably cost him. He waited until he was sure the last of the inhabitants had passed out from their drunken exploits, and the lights of the fires dimmed. Then, moving a rather sizable rock towards him with his foot, he began to work with his bound hands, gradually loosened over the course of the hours of waiting. In that period of time he had been able to do little about the chain, considering there were people very close to him that could hear if he tried anything. He stared blankly into the distance in a state of concentration, twisting his wrists around incessantly to be rid himself of the thick rope that held them. He could have tried to slice through it with the rock he had shrewdly kicked near the tree on his way back to it for the night, but that would take far more time than he had. The light of the early morning hours would be materializing before long, and he needed to put as much distance between himself and the camp as possible by that point. After much struggling, the rope dropped free of his wrists, and he rolled them around, decreasing the numbness that had set in after a prolonged stretch of time. He took up the rock subsequently and turned his interest to the chain around his ankle. Jake had watched Riley vigilantly when he fixed it, becoming conscious of the fact that it was not as simple of a task as he thought it to be, a complex series of twists and 'ties', ending at a wide ring that was slack enough to move, but tight enough to not have the ability to be slipped off his booted foot. He examined it methodically, tracing the places where the chain looped inwards around itself, and the place where it connected to the shackle-like circle. Consequently, he knew where to slam the rock down when he did...and it hurt, a lot. The force of the heavy rock on the chain and ring caused them to press painfully down with every blow, but it was worth it in the end. The chain gave in fairly easily, and in the end he was separated from the tree with only the ring and a few barely-connected links hanging from it. He was confident no one had paid the noise any mind, all presumably having a lie-down not far away. He got to his feet, and took a experimental step to see how much noise from the chain fragment he would have to deal with. It clinked maddeningly, but not loud enough to awaken the sleeping ones. Needless to say, Jake still put down as little pressure as possible on the foot plagued by the leg manacle, starting the painstaking trek through the mass of sleeping and spent bodies. He had been able to, with the help of Riley and some subtle questions, learn where Quince would be keeping his horse. They had been very subtle questions. In any case, he knew where he was headed, and it was too late to turn back - not that a man like Jake would do so in the first place. It was time to move on and abscond from a sort of group which he had, himself, once been the head of, like Case. He saw his Paytah's silhouette from a distance, tied to a line that ran from one durable bush to another. Jake knew it to be him - all the other horses were together elsewhere. He continued to mind the weight of his right foot, mastering quickly how to move without causing the remaining pieces of the chain to jangle about. Paytah saw Jake before he reached the place where he was tied, and restlessly shifted, pawing at the ground agitatedly. \"Whoa...hey...it's all right.\" He placed his hands on either side of the animal's head, speaking softly. At the familiar voice and touch, the horse calmed, becoming still. \"That's good...that's right.\" Jake went on in an undertone, moving one hand down Paytah's neck, then moving to release him from the line he was tied to. As he worked at the reigns, he thought to himself that the horse was much like him: unfamiliar and restrained from freedom. \"We're gonna leave, just you wait...\" He finished aloud. It was just as he said this that he felt the cold press of metal against his neck, and heard the feminine voice contend, \"Sure you are.\" Immediately he dropped his arms, very much aware that the person behind him had a gun to his neck. \"Back up slow or your life is lost.\" He did so. \"Turn around. Don't try anything.\" Again, he did as was requested, and found himself face to face with she who he had looked upon with such aversion he could not describe it. Quince. She held a Winchester rifle in her hands and her face, visible at such a proximity, held no traces of humor at all. Her hat's brim was raised, and she dressed as the men did, but Jake could feel nothing but disgust. Disgust for the current predicament and disgust for who she was. He stared her down, and offhandedly crossed his arms. This small action made her site the rifle closer to him, aimed squarely now at his chest. \"You Quince then?\" He stated more then questioned, knowing the answer full well. \"You have something that's mine.\" His tone was dark enough to make another man wish they hadn't crossed him, but she neither flinched or cowered. \"It's not yours anymore . You belong to this group now, and they do with you what they want.\" Jake scoffed. \"Mighty big talk for someone so low. Somebody who sleeps with the boss to get a status...\" The comment got him what he needed, and when she moved again, he caught the barrel of the rifle with both hands, kicked out and caught her ankle with his foot, tripping her up and using his own strength to force her to the ground. He ripped the gun from her grip, flipped it around and slammed the end of the barrel down into her throat, one foot on either side of her body. In the back of his head, no matter how revolting she was to him, he knew he could not seriously injure her in any way. She was a woman. They were not to be treated adversely - only taught how to act right. \"You ready to act civil, Miss?\" His question was answered, though not in a civil way at all, and not by speech. He was greeted with the sensation of two unpleasantly healed boots colliding with his legs. She must have been a flexible thing to manage that was what crossed his mind fleetingly. Quince used the momentary solid surface as a means to push herself far enough back to have standing room, but Jake would have none of it, dropping and all but kneeling on her stomach to stop her. He turned the gun once more, pressing it horizontally into her throat, where the barrel had just been, the pressure his one knee was inflicting on her gut was probably excruciating. Another indication to it was the telltale grunt of pain that had escaped her mouth when the sudden weight of a full grown man had been applied to her abdomen with such force. Jake was completely indifferent on the matter - as long as it wouldn't kill her, he had no opposition to it. \"Get up off me right now or I swear on my father's grave I'll scream for help!\" hissed Quince, her hands finding a spot to hold on the rifle at her neck. There would be a bruise from it, he was sure. \"Why? I ain't done nothing yet.\" The last word he added in somewhat of a fit of frustration. The very thought; how it displeased Jake! \"I just want my horse.\" He went back to his main point quickly, not one to hem and haw. \"No!\" \"Then if you don't mind my saying so, Miss, you made this happen on your own.\" Courtesy was not something he wanted to give her, having no respect for her other than for her gender, but he hoped that she would be able to discern his faint sarcasm through the semblance of candor. Jake should have known she would do as she said and scream when he saw the look of panic flicker across her face, but he couldn't get his hand over her mouth in time. \" Help !\" Her voice pierced his ears and he scrambled to his feet, rifle in his hands and taking a single stride back towards Paytah in one swift motion. His fingers struggled with the tied reigns as he began to feel the familiar consciousness that came only from alarm. He heard the sounds of many people rousing and coming to Quince's aid as she continued to cry, sobbing convincingly at that. Still he wondered: if she was as strong as she appeared, why did she feel the need to make others help her? Why not make an attempt to rip him back down to the ground and give him a taste of his own torturous ways and beat him senseless? The confusing ways of women... \"What happened?\" The distinctive voice of Carson shouted heatedly. More voices followed. Jake finally freed his horse and took up the reigns in one hand, holding the rifle in a death grip in the other. \"It was that...that devil you found a couple days ago!\" She wept, and Jake could tell as he risked a glance at the surrounding faces in his haste that people found the prospect of her expressing such emotion, in a word, odd. \"I caught him watching me earlier, it scared me, but I gave it little thought. I just went out to check on my horse - thought I heard some stirring, when he jumped me!\" Anger arose throughout the assembled. \"What's going on here?\" It was Case. He shoved his way quickly in to the woman and his brother. Jake placed his foot in the stirrup simultaneously. \"Captive just got free and tried to rape Quince, Case!\" Carson spit out like a curse faster than any normal sentence would be formulated. \"He's escaping!\" someone alerted the three persons of interest. Jake was barely able to swing his leg up over Paytah's back when the sound of the gunshot echoed and the bullet hit the ground a millisecond later, directly beside the horse's back hoof. The noise and closeness of the shot spooked the animal, who bucked in terror without warning, throwing his owner to the ground with an agonizing thud before taking off into the desert. Straight away the group was around him, both Case and Carson pointing pistols at his forehead. \"Somebody wanna tell me how this snake got loose?\" Case inquired forebodingly. ... ... Well, there it is, chapter 3 for you! I liked the way this one turned out, personally! Hope you did too! Please review, or ask questions or anything you wish, and I shall reply post haste![Chapter 4] Eternal gratefulness to my two reviewers and all those who alerted and favorited this piece! Haha! But still I must wonder: so many hits, so few reviews? This math makes no sense to me, my friends. No sense whatsoever! Ah well. So sorry this took a bit longer than I thought it would, but I do swear what happens in this chapter has been giving me proverbial heck! There were so many options, yet so little time...I am happy with the result, of course. Please do submit your feedback...and I'll give you all the virtual cookies you desire! ^_^ Chapter 4 - Unjust Retribution \"Now I trust you all are familiar with what's gonna go down here tonight...\" intoned Case, standing before all those who called the camp their residence. \"Our prisoner got himself free and decided to try and have his way with Quince; scared the lady half to death, and we're dealing with him in the usual manner. What say you ?\" He ended the small, yet false reiteration in a much louder tone then what he had started with. From all around were voiced the shouts of approval concerning his proposition, though, as Jake stayed in his forced place, he noticed that not all of them had the exultant grins that their fellow camp-mates had on their faces. Clearly it could only mean one thing, an obvious thing at that. The \"usual manner\" had to be far from pleasant. That much was expected. Near Case, Quince beckoned a man to her and said something to him, at which he nodded correspondingly, leaving her side and making his way around until he was directly beside Jake. Case concluded, \"Well then, gentlemen...and Quince, let's get on with it!\" Even louder, more jubilant endorsement followed Case's words, and all of the sudden Jake was grabbed by the shoulders and shoved out a short distance from the rest of the people. The man Quince had spoken to was named Avery, who he had learned had the nickname Rod - for reasons of which he was uninformed, much to his surreptitious gratitude - and he walked up to him, very close in fact, reaching out. His hands began to fumble with the buttons on the fitted vest Jake wore, and on impulse those hands were assertively batted away by the owner of the attire. Avery glowered deeply, and looked about ready to act out in a violence of his own when none other than Riley Miller timidly showed up on the scene. \"Hey, Rod, just do your job.\" Riley stated, putting on a brave air. Avery vehemently kicked dust at him in response. \"You got some sand Miller,\" he spat, \"showing your face like you don't know what's happenin'. You'll get right lickfingered when your man here is brought down. I hope you know that.\" \"I know that, I do,\" he confirmed, \"but you wanna let me explain to him what he has to do while you're going about your business?\" \"Not really, but I don't want to put up the effort to stop you,\" snorted Avery. Riley looked straight at Jake then. \"Can you let him?\" \"Why?\" Jake retorted, livid enough as it was. \"I'll tell you, just let him or it'll go even less well for you!\" With a sharp and annoyed exhale, Jake lowered his arms from their previous defensive position and Avery went back to what he was doing, finishing with the buttons on the vest. \"Start talking,\" he growled, slipping his arms somewhat compliantly from the article of clothing. \"Out here it's the custom for an accused man to be sentenced to a death fight with our best. His names' Baylor Hayes - he's real sick. And I mean real .\" Avery gave up on the tedious procedure with the long-sleeved white shirt and simply ripped it down the side in one quick motion. Jake shot a glare at him, but remained without comment. The torn garment was discarded with the vest on the ground, leaving the accused man feeling even more exposed than he had when they had taken his hat to begin with. Riley had paused, and Avery eyed his torso spitefully, gaze settling on the horizontal scar on the right, directly under his ribcage. \"Where'd you get that nasty lookin' scar, Old Scratch?\" No answer. He has no idea who he's calling the devil ... Riley cleared his throat, undoubtedly uncomfortable. \"He like's all his opponents to be showing skin, so that...so that...ah...\" \"So that he can see their blood when he beats them,\" Avery picked up, saying it much more wickedly than Riley ever would have, changing subjects subsequently, \"I don't think you got any weapons in them pants of yours do you?\" He paused, and then corrected himself with a dose of loutish humor, \"Well, not the kind I'm supposed to be lookin' for anyway...\" He returned to the previous subject at hand as if he had never left it. \"Baylor is such a nice fellow to know. Pray he'll kill you quickly, Scratch. Pray like your mama taught you.\" Avery looped around Jake and pushed him forward again, with Riley beside him. \"Just...Just...I'm sorry. I'm truly sorry.\" \"Why? 'Cause you didn't chain me tight?\" Jake replied, under no inward vow not to speak with Riley. He extended an arm as they walked very close to the crowd again, surprisingly not bound behind his back in the haste to give out punishment. \"Jake,\" he said lowly, and Riley caught on, taking his hand and gripping it tightly as if meeting for the first time. \"No hard feelings then, Jake?\" \"None yet.\" And then, just like that, Riley disappeared, leaving Jake with Avery and the eyes of the group they approached. They had formed a large circle, and Jake was once again shoved forward into it, Avery taking his place among the onlookers. It took a moment for the accused man to take a visual sweep of all who watched him, finding Case and Quince were the ones boring him with the most intense gazes. Once again, the woman said something solemnly to the group's leader, and he, in turn, raised an eyebrow with what seemed to be a heavy amount of disbelief. Case shook his head after that, stepping out into the circle to join Jake. They revisited their concentrated staring contest, each with equally remorseless eyes, colored wintry blue and deep, threatening brown. \"Allow me to explain what goes on here with you,\" Case told him roughly. \"I already know,\" was Jake's firm reply, heard by few. \"Oh! Well then, I reckon we can get on with it then!\" He made a sweeping motion with his arms. \"He knows what's gonna happen, so, let the fight begin!\" There was no warning, as was anticipated, but when the sudden powerful blow took him from behind almost directly after Case had gotten the last word in, Jake was on the ground in the blink of an eye. But in that same time, he jumped back to his feet, spinning around to face his attacker. Baylor Hayes, as Riley had notified him, was indeed, a big man. Gigantic even. A good foot taller than Jake and a literal gorilla in physicality. One of his eyes was grotesquely missing, evidently polluted for quite some time. It hit the accused one then, just how true it had been when it had been implied that no one ever lived against him. They circled each other, and before he knew it, Jake's back was in the dirt again, the crushing fists slamming into his skull again and again without relent. Through it all, he raised one arm and punched Baylor as brutally as he could in the jaw, but even that could not stop him. So he punched him again, and again, and with each of his own, the ones being directed at him became more atrocious still. Finally, it appeared to have some effect on him, for Baylor rose to his feet and cracked his neck from side to side. Not hurt - preparing for round two. Jake strained to get up from the now gore splattered ground, using his arms to force his body up. When he was standing, he spat the accumulation of blood from his mouth, surprised that his teeth were all still in tact, as well as bones. He swiped a hand across his face, smearing the red substance and grime across it with the feeble attempt. If the misery he currently experienced was the first of much more, he would have high-tailed it out of there...like a coward. Jake Lonergan was not a coward. For that, he cursed himself for what seemed like the hundredth time in his three day stay at the camp, and carefully took into consideration the situation. Past where Baylor stood, eyes locked on him like a buzzard to a carcass, there was an onlooker with a shotgun, doubling as a sort of support to lean on. The possibilities... \"That's a right pretty scar you got there,\" Baylor remarked in a mocking voice befitting to his frame, a nasty smirk stretching the corners of his lips. \"I could say the same about your eye.\" \"Oh, now, the fogys' got himself a voice, here...\" Baylor had waited long enough, and dove at Jake again with his bloodied fingers outstretched for his victim's neck. In that second, there was perceived a mark on the back of both of Baylor's hands, different, yet disturbingly matching. Jake was prepared, despite his seeing this, and moved out of the boor's way. Baylor twisted to catch Jake, but was too late, crashing to the earth like a boulder. Feeling the need to, Jake spit on his opponent's bare back as he lay there, followed by a callous series of kicks in the ribs, a tactic he had experienced many a time; a tactic he knew would cause pain if prolonged. Baylor's one hand caught his ankle, dragging him to the ground with him before he could do any more damage. Jake rolled to the right, away from him and in the direction of the man with the shotgun, but was pursued with the utmost dilution. Massive arms crashed down upon his chest to prohibit any more means of escape, high enough for Jake to take a shamefully feminine rout and bite into one of them, ripping off a hunk of flesh. Lifeblood poured from the abrupt wound onto he who had caused it. Baylor grimaced violently, but did not remove either arm. By then, both were stained with each other's blood. It was obvious by the crowd's detached state that they were not familiarized with such intensity from both parties in a death fight. Baylor clambered up so that he sat well above Jake and gave him a repeat of the prior facial thrashing he had received, until the sufferer's fingers found his good eye. Wrenching away, Baylor covered it, looking very surprised. This gave Jake the time he needed to close the distance between him and the shotgun-holding man, ceasing the weapon much to the owner's alarm, and gripping it by the barrel, much like he had only just done in his confrontation with Quince. He stood above Baylor, who had regained his sight and went to stand, but was too late. The gun was used as a club, and with it Jake repeatedly brought it down onto the bleeding, dirty body of Baylor Hayes. Through it all, the man on the receiving end of the beating stood against the pain and made a move. In the same moment did Jake take up the shotgun in the correct fashion, cock it - praying that it was loaded - and pull the trigger. Time stilled. The close range caused the bullet to enter Baylor's upper torso and exit through his back. The skin around the place where it hit seemed to splinter. He looked down at it with a mixture of confusion and horror, then up at the battered and bloodstained man whom he had been expected to kill. Jake took one look at him, and contemptuously shot him again, giving him a much needed shove backwards with the barrel. Baylor hit the ground, shuddering only once, then expiring. No one made a sound. Not one utterance. Jake had won. Baylor was dead. It was, by far, wholly unexpected. \"I did him in. Can I go free now?\" He broke the silence disdainfully, throwing the shotgun down beside the dead body and crossing his arms across his nauseatingly bloody chest. It occurred to him that he must have looked like he had come from hell to those who played the part of spectators. Case emerged again, face contorted with an indignation so great that it was practically screaming all on its own. \"This was not supposed to happen.\" Obviously ! Jake nearly yelled at him. \"This has never happened,\" he furthered. \"You want him shot, Case?\" asked Carson keenly, infuriated as his brother was. Case raised a hand touchily. \" No . No one touches him.\" He took deep, livid breaths and then commanded piercingly, \"Somebody bring out Riley Miller! Now !\" Jake stood stiffly straight when Riley was ruthlessly jostled into the company of the two men in the circle, and pushed down onto his knees. He whimpered softly, and Jake could only wonder what was about to happen to him. His answer came when the same shotgun he had just killed Baylor with was pressed into his hands by a very outraged Case. \"Kill 'im.\" He was directed. Jake's mouth opened only just in response, and he slowly shook his head. No sir, I can't do that ...He thought resolutely, not saying it aloud. The glare Case gave was heartless. \"The winner was gonna kill him anyway. We just didn't expect it to be you . His buddy .\" Riley, with eyes wide, begged, \"No, please! I just wanted him to be comfortable is all! I never meant for him to escape and - \" \"Shut your mouth, Miller, or I'll cut out your tongue and feed it to you!\" came Carson's voice again, \"What happened to your promise, Case?\" \"Remind me again...\" \"Castration?\" \"Ah.\" Case did not smile at all. \"No. I will break that promise. The winner is to kill him, and so he will. Won't you...?\" \"No,\" Jake countered. How could he? He might have been apathetic to most things, but he knew who his few friends were, and Riley just happened to be one of them. He could never murder someone who was an ally, if even for a short time, to him. It would have to be the product of some ill insanity, and Jake was quite sure he was still sensible enough to resist the demands of his captors. There was a tense silence for a second time. \"Well,\" Carson broke it at last, \"I'm not waitin' any more.\" He stormed out towards Riley, a pistol in his hand, finger on the trigger. \"Stop!\" His brother raged. \"You can't go against the plans!\" He went to physically stop Carson, when the impossible happened. There was a sound like no other. A haunting chorus of whispers that reached Jake's ears at a deafening pitch. He covered them firmly with his dirty hands and did a full turn. There were some that had the same reaction as he, and there were some that stood tall. The ones that were unaffected all took the same stance - with the back of their one hand pressed against the other in front of them. Their faces were austere and their eyes seemed to glow with a fire that only the devil himself could have provided. He counted sixteen of them in total, positioned impassively among those of their fellow camp members who showed the pain that the sound was causing Jake even as he tried to block it out. On his second turn staggering in a circle, his eyes landed on a figure. He saw something that deeply disturbed him. Quince was one of those sixteen who were standing. She looked as though she was waiting in all her darkness. Waiting for something to happen. ... ... Wow, okay. There. I typed basically all of this in one night for you...and I'm currently far too exhausted to proof read. I shall do so tomorrow if I find the time. Please do enjoy otherwise! Have a nice day/night XD[Chapter 5] I simply adore you all for your feedback, my friends! I'm glad people are enjoying what I write! I do so enjoy writing it myself! So, if you would all do me the honor of continuing with this wonderful reviewing of yours, I believe we could all develop a marvelous friendship! Do enjoy! Chapter 5 - A Fateful Casualty Jake fought back a verbal expression of the pain he experienced, ripping his eyes away from Quince and turning his attention to Riley, still on his knees in the dirt, sniveling like the frail man he was. Many reacted as he though, some even worse. It took all Jake's willpower to remain standing upright while the voices remained at their riotous level, and wrenching a severely unwilling hand away from his left ear, he dug his blood-covered fingers into Riley's shoulder. The weaker man struggled to raise his head against the torturous sensations he felt within it, but when his agonized stare landed on Jake, the camp's resident captive knew he had to make a move. \" Get up !\" he shouted at Riley above the noise. \" Get up and follow me !\" Riley whimpered like a dog, and stayed put. Acting then, Jake hauled him up off the ground and threw an arm around his back, dragging Riley along beside him at a furious pace. He tried feebly to cover his exposed ear with the side of his arm, but it was in vain, and he headed towards the edge of the human circle with only one ear concealed to muffle the deafening sound. No one seemed to mind when the two men shoved past them, given that they were all too preoccupied with their own suffering. But those who stood on the other hand, the ones closest to where Jake and Riley went to break free from the circle, congregated around them, and Jake was able to get a look at them. One did not have to study them closely to realize that something was dreadfully wrong with them, and that their eyes had started to shine like lightening bugs in the darkness, glistening not innocently, but unnervingly. Along with this there was a rage to them that could not be mistaken. Their mouths were ajar, breath coming out as ragged and shallow. Jake's mind immediately went through all possible problems, but it was increasingly hard to think when he was attempting to do three things at once: save Riley and himself, keep the noise at bay, and avoid a direct run in with whatever the devilish humans were. Unfortunately when the came flocking to him, the third was a bit hard to prevent. Their cold, aggressive hands reached for him, and through the piercing voices that plagued his mind, one paramount one sounded. He mustn't be aloud to get away ... Kill him now ... And somehow, through all the terror that arose in him, all Jake could mentally formulate was, People and things just love trying to kill me, don't they ? Hanging onto Riley tighter still, he kicked out and struck the nearest crazed camp resident, receiving no reaction at all. The voices grew louder; he gritted his teeth, uncovered his other ear, and attacked the same person with his right fist, succeeding to do little but cause himself discomfort. Finally, with some reluctance, he released Riley and yelled at him from a close proximity, \"Get yourself as far away as you can! Run straight and I'll catch up!\" Riley sputtered and shook his head in what seemed to be shock, but was propelled away in the direction Jake wanted him to go as soon as there was an opening in the surrounding, uncontrolled bodies. Despite his unwillingness at first, the more cowardly man started off as he had been instructed, leaving his stronger comrade behind. Unfortunately, however, none of the men who had previously been the sadistic camp members paid Jake any attention, turning the moment that Riley left their direct midst. With screams that only came from those of the inhuman persuasion, all sixteen of them, Quince included, descended upon the slowly retreating figure. Jake had a horrendous sense of dèjá-vu when he saw this happen, remembering his dream four nights earlier. It was not the aliens this time, though, nor was it the deceased Ella that they were swarming around like insects to a light. Riley was one that would not fight back, this Jake knew, and he proceeded with the sole intention of breaking one of the attackers' necks with his bare hands. He could do it well. His fingers scarcely had to touch one of them at all though for him to know that Jake was there, intending on harming him. He spun around, revealing his face. Avery. No surprise there. Jake suspected that Baylor Hayes had been one of them too, but he had never gotten a look at his hands to see if the symbols had been there. Avery's wickedly gleaming eyes fixed Jake with a gimlet glare, and his mouth opened and closed, as if trying to produce speech. The voice that was, beyond a doubt, not his own, echoed around in his head like the other, more menacing one had just minutes ago. Jake ... We're not who you think we are ... We're creatures of hell ... We'll kill you, and we will get great joy from it ... The lives of mortals are ours to savor ... Jake said nothing, trying again to wrap his hands around Avery's neck. It was a valiant effort, but Avery crushed his wrists and flipped him into the sandy ground below before he could even touch him. From the viewpoint, he looked over through the legs of the others who had crowded around Riley, but sorely wished he hadn't in hindsight. It would have been too late even if he had jumped to his feet and used all the power his human body could provide to fight back they who he had only just seen as regular individuals like himself, for they had gotten to him. All of their hands were on him. There were writhing fingers; shocked intakes of breath; utterances of pain from Riley's now gaping mouth. He spasmed violently against their tormenting, and then fell still, head rolling to the side to face Jake, eyes blank and clouded over disturbingly. Even if it was futile now, Jake couldn't just stand by. They had taken Riley's life from him, and for someone who had experienced far more deaths than he cared to mention, it was another emotional blow that only solidified his inner fiendish will for retaliation. He contested them with all the strength he had left in him, and repeatedly, they made him crawl back up out of the dirt like an animal. They would not bleed like Baylor had, but then again, his opponent had been...regular when the fight had taken place. Against all sixteen of them, alone, he was next to powerless, but still he fought them, mind crying out for justice for those who had been given none at all. It was as he lost consciousness, that the thought arose in his head. Maybe Riley had been meant to die in the first place. ... ... Quince grabbed one of the crazed men by the collar and aggressively threw him out of her way, sickened by what the soul of Riley Miller had finally been like to consume. Of course, he had been the next to go for some while now, but the she had been unquestionably disappointed by the results. Such an innocent man should have been more...satisfying. Her thirst for a human essence had been quenched, her and her equals with her, but none of them had begun to settle yet. The people from the petty camp still squirmed like children beyond where the prisoner had passed out, bested by the intense beating of more than half of the sixteen of them. Kneeling very slowly, Quince canted her head to the side, a guttural hiss rumbling up from the depths of her throat. She extended one, nailed finger and ran the back of it down the side of his bloody face, visually dissecting him. He was a fighter, perhaps too vigorous for his own good - that much was proven by his actions in the recent past. With a shudder, Quince shut her eyes against the sudden ringing in her ears, signaling that the time of reckless abandon was through. All the others felt it too, some massaging their temples soothingly. Quince cast one more look over the captive and rose from her knee. Avery walked up beside her and nodded approvingly. She stretched her arms wearily, rolling her shoulders. \"Someone should get him,\" she said in a nonchalant sort of way, referring to either of the bodies laying near. Avery only showed his agreement, but didn't say anything. Quince left him and walked back into the presence of those who were only just recovering from the shock of what had just happened. It was clear that they had gone through it before, but one could never be prepared for when the strange, sixteen people brought the torture down upon them so they could handle another \"target\". That was what they were known as. Well, between Case and she and her close, equal acquaintances. Case and Carson were both looking a little worse for wear as she approached them steadily, keeping a neutral facial expression as not to induce any agitation. If Case felt any unease, he hid it well, and faced her fully, while his brother struggled to do so, keep his eyes down at his feet. \"Riley Miller has been dealt with like you said,\" Quince stated with a little smirk, winding her arms around Case's neck. \"And just in time too...\" Carson got her message before she even looked at him, and shambled away to join his hunting posse. \"What about our wayward hostage? He still here?\" \"He is, don't you worry. We made sure of that, but he's a tough one, not at all like the coward he was trying to save.\" Case winced against his headache, but rolled his eyes, \"Yeah, well...Riley had it comin'.\" But Quince was drawn to the way he cringed at the discomfort in his head. She feigned an overly concerned frown, \"You're hurting, I can see it, Case.\" \"Psh. Me and everyone else, darlin'. It's expected, see.\" \"Yes,\" Quince dropped her arms at her sides. \"The dead body has to be burned, and we'll need to do something about the prisoner.\" Stroking his chin, Case forced a shrug, \"I'd say kill him, but since Baylors' dead, all previous loopholes from the deal went with him.\" \"We will wait, and then, when the time comes, we'll do what you want. For now, just leave him be. No more tying him up. No more rules. If it is not what is supposed to happen, it won't.\" Quince knew things would start to change very soon, just like she had been waiting on for so long. ... ... I know, I'm evil for decreasing your Jake time! But I've been wanting to write something from Quince's twisted perspective for some time, and so I decided it would fit in good here! I hope you have a better insight or reservations on what exactly is wrong with these people...Please do take the time to review, my illustrious friends![Chapter 6] Many apologies for the time it took me to write this one! School has only just started - a pain to be sure, and has left me little time to write and tremendously exhausted. So, sorry, school tends to do that to me. I looked back on the previous chapter and found myself wondering: \"What was I on?\" I wrote it late at night, and when I saw that I had killed off poor Riley, I was genuinely sad. I mean, I remembered that I had, but it really didn't sink in...RIP Riley Miller *sniffs* Now on with the sixth installment! Chapter 6 - Beliefs and Unfriendly Banter The sunlight burned through Jake's eyelids as he regained consciousness. It had to be midday by that point. He groaned at the splitting headache that greeted him, raising both hands to massage his temples. As he slowly opened his eyes, he saw immediately that someone had been considerate enough to cover his upper body with a thin blanket, shielding his vulnerable flesh from the harsh heat of the day. He sat up, finding that he was restrained in no way, and was simply placed on the ground in the midst of the rest of the camp peoples' sleeping locations, no longer near the tree they had previously tied him to in the least. Dropping his hands from the sides of his head, he pulled the blanket from over his torso to discover that he was still battered and covered in dry, darkened blood, caked on him like a second, unwelcome skin. He dragged a dirty index finger over a particularly prominent area of the desiccated, red body fluid. It followed in a line of powder behind his fingertip, eliciting an audible sigh from the man. The sound of footfalls behind him caused him to twist around, inquisitive as to who produced them. It was Avery, approaching with somewhat of an insincere atmosphere about him, odds on obligated to speak with Jake again. Draped over his arm was the newest camp affiliate's vest - his white shirt was nowhere to be found. Another, subdued sigh escaped his mouth at its absence; he would most certainly have to get another one. \"Done wasting away, I see,\" Avery noted mordantly. \"Here,\" he threw the vest from the crook of his arm down onto the ground beside Jake, \"you want this, I take it.\" He had said no such thing, but wasn't complaining. Jake shrugged in response, picking the piece of clothing up and placing it haphazardly in his lap, leaning back on his arms then and fighting back a wince, initiated by the ache in his head. Avery growled intolerantly. \"If you're not talkin', don't expect to get anything good outta here, Scratch.\" The nickname was thought to be strange, taking into consideration the fact that Avery knew his real name. Maybe he was reluctant to use it, maybe not. Jake betted on the latter - Avery seemed more clever than he let on, especially after what he had seen the night before. He had been one of them. One of the sixteen who had killed Riley. Jake didn't know how they did it, but one moment Riley had been very much alive, and the next, his head had rolled to the side, a lifeless haze clouding his eyes. They killed him without leaving so much as one mark. That left things to be questioned, no doubt there. Something was very wrong with the sixteen he had seen, the voices he had heard in his head had told him that much. Still, he felt sorry for Riley, someone who had done nothing wrong, yet lost his life. Another reminder of why life in general wasn't fair. \"I wanna wash off,\" asserted Jake. \"Where's water I can use?\" Avery's lip curled in a wordless sneer. He gestured for Jake to follow him. As it turned out, there was an abundance of water in the camp, probably from some nearby source that groups rode out to frequently to collect it from. It was kept in a variety of containers, all covered - some in what shade was available as well - so the precious liquid inside would not evaporate. After Avery had drilled information into his head about how overusing what they had was not allowed, Jake was left on his own with another small bucket of water, like two days before when in the presence of Riley, and his bare hands, as good of a means of scrubbing away the dried blood as he was going to get. He bent over, cupping his right hand with water and throwing it over his chest, seeking out privacy visually, though he knew there to be none. No one appeared to be in the immediate area, which made him a bit more relaxed, but any place where there were people who could catch him at such a susceptible time brought him great discomfort. It had already happened once - he intended to not let it happen again. These thoughts made him try harder to get the blood off of his skin faster, then he could go about acquiring a shirt...and his hat while he was at it. He couldn't forget the hat that had been taken from him. It was a difficult process, but finally, Jake was satisfied with the results of his work. He was no longer covered in the galling red substance, and felt exceptionally more clean. He was quick to slip the vest over his shoulders and button it - a lot of good that did! It occurred to him that he shouldn't be so concerned about being so scarcely exposed, seeing as most people in the camp probably would not care anyway, but as a lone wolf by nature, he didn't like the feeling it gave him. Using the last of the water on the back of his neck, which felt like it was burning up, he wondered arbitrarily what he should do next. He privately wished that Riley was still around to help him. He knew he had to learn how to live in the camp, at least until he reobtained Paytah from wherever the horse had gone. \"Are you just gonna stand there, or do you need assistance?\" The infuriatingly familiar voice of a woman pierced through his musings. His head shot up, and he glared daggers at her. The look begged answers to the question: How can you even glance at me without feeling guilty ? \"I know, I know, you don't talk much, and that you don't like me any. I'm perfectly fine with that.\" Jake grunted curtly, turning his face away, but not lessening the harsh expression he exhibited. He wanted Quince to get away from him, and he knew that if he ignored her she would eventually leave him alone, although all she presumably wanted to do was rile him up. As if she, such a wicked woman, did not have ulterior motives behind anything she did! 'Perfectly fine with it' indeed! She was one of the slue who had inexplicably murdered an innocent man - she could not merely go about saying things in such a flippant tone of voice. Thinking about it, he promptly abandoned his previous plan of discounting her and interrupted her roughly, half way through her nest sentence. \"Avery didn't give you much slate did he? That coot was told to be - \" \"Would you shut your mouth and crawl back to whatever bed-house you came from?\" He snapped, respect for the softer gender all but disregarded as he headed away from her. Quince followed, quite taken aback, but not willing to let up on him. He meandered into a more public area of the camp; the men who saw him stared, even more interested when they saw the boss's girl following him at a steady gait, face displaying her impatience. \"I know your name,\" she said from behind him when he had located the tree they had tied him to and was seated beneath it. Jake tilted his head sardonically, \"Oh, well that's right funny there, 'cause coincidently, I know your's too , Miss.\" \"No. You don't.\" \"Your names' Quince, ain't it?\" \"That's my last name.\" He sighed for what felt like the millionth time since he had been brought onto the premises. \"Stop talkin' to me.\" \"Why? You annoyed?\" \"I was thinking about killing you the way you killed Riley Miller right about now...\" He met her gaze, finding that her eyes were a peculiar shade of amber. Disturbing - just like everything about the night before had been. She took a step backwards, not in panic, but as an involuntary, preventative measure. Raising one hand, she pushed behind her ear a stubborn piece of hair that had somehow fallen free of the security of her hat. \"We don't talk about that anymore, Jake - \" \"Don't call me anything , you filthy whore !\" Jake visibly stiffened when he heard the name pronounced, and his reaction was neither thought-out, nor weakly stated. He had shouted it, calling her that which he had sworn not to utter again. It was remorseless, aggressive, and even after the designation had left his mouth, he felt no culpability about it. This was no reputable woman. This was something else . Something sinister was at work behind her, and he had every right to call her that and so much more after she and her band of possessed louts had taken the life of a man he was beginning to call a friend. Quince looked like she was holding something back, but remained entirely composed, eyeing the seething man with a kind of emotionless concentration. Finally, \"You can do what you want now,\" she paused to swallow, \"but keep in mind that you're being watched.\" He was done talking to her - regretting even doing so in the first place. She studied him intently for a short moment, then went to leave him alone. He was thankful for this, as it should have been, and did nothing that would have discouraged her from doing so. He kept a close eye on her as she was walking away to reassure himself that she wouldn't do anything unfavorable - his suspicions had been raised at how calm she had stayed throughout the last few minutes. When she was almost out of sight, Jake saw her adjust the brim of her hat, reminding him that he still needed to attain his own. ... ... Kay! It's now almost 1:30 in the morning where I am! That's how much I love you guys! I've been sitting here at my desk since, like, 10, typing this up to assure you that I'm not dead. So, I hope you enjoyed this! Please review and show me the love![Chapter 7] Well hello there! It has been awhile, has it not? At least it has not been months and months like it was with my original (completed if you must know) Star Wars story on this site...on another profile obviously. Anyway, I shan't bore you anymore with gratuitous details. I wrote this in biology class haha! I am a horrid person. V.V shaaame! Teehee! Please do enjoy and review pretty please *bats eyelashes* Chapter 7 - Nighttime Troubles Things began to grow more unsettling - not as if it was not an uneasy atmosphere before. The camp became quieter. Even Carson and his shiftily sinister brother were not to be heard. Quince, first name unknown, was mysteriously absent, many faces gone with her. Sixteen, no doubt. Jake, unfortunately, came to find that the one man who he had last seen with his hat had gone with them, or rather was one of them. He had nothing to occupy his time, and had no option to leave; the horses were minded unceasingly. Carson hadn't even come around to insult his refusing to kill Riley. They appeared to be ignoring him all together. He did get food, but no one bothered him. So he hung about, utterly alone, though nothing was overly wrong with that... One night, he reckoned about two weeks into his stay, the sixteen came back. Despite his sworn repugnance to her, he found himself visually scanning the group for Quince, but she was nowhere in sight. Consequently, neither was Case. Well, that took care of that then. Jake sat back against the rock where he usually ate, and watched as Avery scoffed and puffed out his chest like a surprised horned lizard at a poor fellow who looked to have asked him a question. Jake gave the tiniest of scoffs, one that would surely go unheard by someone so far away, but obviously that was not the case, as he soon found. The returned man's head snapped to look at Jake then, his face in an unpleasant grimace. Jake only nodded slightly, his own expression deadpan. Avery's hands clenched into fists and he forgot all about the individual who he was previously close to blowing up at. He walked towards where Jake sat on the ground, as mean looking as Carson on a bad day - which was absolutely seething. \"Why you lookin' at me, Scratch?\" hissed Avery, looming over him. \"You lookin' for a fight?\" Jake shook his head, \"No sir, I ain't.\" \"But I think you were!\" He suppressed an eye roll. \"I don't want a problem.\" \"Well you shoulda thought of that before you looked at me!\" Exhaling quietly, but with no less displeasure, Jake simply looked at the ground, as he often did. He withdrew any attention from Avery in all of his ire. He felt the precense gradually druft away from before him, albeit reluctantly. Raising his heavy gaze after a moment, he caught many of the recently arrived sixteen with their eyes on him, gaping as if he had just done something extraordinary. It was not like they had only discovered him that night - unless some... odd thing had gone down those many days they had been away from the camp. When Avery threatened them using his diversely colorful vocabulary, however, they went on their ways, and Jake, rising to his feet, went to the place where he slept, under the tree, as it was. He had moved the place a few days back, liking the seclusion given by th ebushes surrounding the tree. ... ... \" Jake ! Jake , wake up ! For Christ's sake , snap out of it !\" Jake felt his arms react before he even opened his eyes. His hands found the neck of the speaker on impulse, fingers wrapping around it tightly. He awoke, eyes blazing from the effect of the dream he had experienced. When he saw Quince's eerily calm face a couple feet above, he briefly entertained the idea that it wouldn't really be so bad to simply choke her and be rid of the problem, but...there was that pesky \"woman\" rule getting in his way. If he was to be accused for his thoughts, they would have hung him long ago. He let her go. \"What do you want?\" said Jake gruffly. She swiftly sat back, and only then did he realize that she had been hovering over him, both hands on either side of his shoulders. It troubled him. \"You were thrashing around like a lunatic .\" \"Is that so?\" He mumbled, hardly loud enough for her to hear. She went on, disregarding him if she had heard the question. \"It was disturbing and Case made me check on you.\" Jake gave a small \"Mhm,\" and turned over onto his side as to not have her in his direct line of sight. He closed his eyes once more, making an effort to go back to sleep, but discovered that he couldn't, for he felt her studying him. After a long period of time without any conversation he questioned brusquely, \"Are you just gonna sit there starin' at me, lady, or do you got something important to say?\" \"What were you dreaming about?\" \"None of your business.\" \"Tell me...\" He said nothing, not feeling obligated to talk. Quince moved around to the side he was facing and sat back down. She rested a hand on his shoulder - it was an unpleasant sensation in his skin, made worse when she ran her fingers down his arm. What was she trying to accomplish? He wasn't susceptible to brash attempts at whatever queer form of seduction she was instigating. If he wanted such things - which was rare, anyway - he got it, or so he had been told in regards to his past. He had not involve himself in such... physical relationships in a long time. Did Quince really, truly think that he was that needy? That deprived? Though it had been some time, indeed, he was not as weak as other men, and saw right through the shallow guise she had constructed, distinguishing it for what it really was: a ploy to get information out of him. To learn what it had been that he dreamt. He could not have been more repulsed by at all. \"Stop that,\" he bit, shifting so that she could no longer touch him, \"I'll break your arm if you touch me again, I do swear .\" She produced a very girlish and innocent giggle, replying in a hauntingly sing-songy voice, \"But I thought you liked whores! Remember Alice ...?\" Darkness had seeped into her tone when she reached the last word, that childish innocence for even the perverse - yet false - accusation gone without a trace to be found. Only then did he discover that he had bolted upright, fingers digging into the dirt, posture as rigid as the spine of a mad dog. Quince's facial manifestation did not change. It never did. The moon was bright, providing more light than before, when he had first met her face to face. Her eyes did not once flicker with any kind of emotion, nor did her mouth turn either up or down from its blasted, perpetual planeness. Through it all, one important question rang true: how did she know about Alice? How did she know ? Jake's mind flashed back to Riley's death - the way she and the sixteen had crowded around him; the way he had been untouched. The voice that he had heard when he had gazed at Avery for answers. The voice that had made him think he was insane, but never really proved anything. And now, here she was, indicting him with her tainted delusions and mockery. \"How...how do you know about her?\" he verbally fumbled in the beginning of the inquiry, his resentment and perplexity as high levels. \"You shouldn't know anything about me or what was in my past!\" A slight shrug, \"Someone has to, since you don't remember much yourself.\" \" I remember enough !\" The silence around them echoed from the volume of his voice. He breathed deeply, looking this way and that, trying to calm himself. It was difficult - very difficult. Quince observed him serenely, dangerously so. He wanted peace. He wanted it so bad. But it seemed that everywhere he went there was something to prohibit that, both the inner and outer sort. \"I remember enough...\" he began again, quieter; more solemn, \"...to know that you're a liar .\" She blinked once. \"Tell me your dream.\" He looked at his hands while he pulled his fingers from where they had buried themselves in the dirt and sand. \"No.\" Discounting how he had threatened her before, she raised her hand to touch his shoulder again, but this time he caught her wrist, meeting her eyes with a heartless power in his own. He did so for only an instant, then dropped his gaze to the back of her hand, which he lowered before himself. On the back of it was a thin, dulled black circle. He inspected it closely, and ran his thumb over it roughly. Jake then took her other wrist, keeping a firm hold on the first. On the back of the second there was an ornate, five pointed star, whose parts were interwoven like they had been carved right into her skin. It too was a deadened black. He looked back and forth at them, then forced her to turn her one wrist so that the back of the first hand would meet evenly with the back of the second. \"Stop!\" she hissed, attempting to yank her arms away from his grip. His hands were much larger than hers, wrapping around both wrists in their entirety. His hold did not yield to her sudden outburst of opposition. Even so, he paused, the two marks inches from one another. \"Scared of somethin' are we?\" She glared. \"Will what happened awhile ago the night I killed Hayes happen again if I do?\" Quince's glower only deepened. \"I'll kill you, Jake Lonergan. I'll kill you without a second thought and no one will care. You know why? 'Cause they'll all die too. All the others will join in, and soon there'll be no one left but us. No one . That's what'll happen if you so much as move my hands another centimeter together!\" Slowly, ever so slowly, his fingers uncurled from around her wrists, the tips of them running inattentively across her skin. She withdrew her arms in a rush, forgetting how willing she had been just moments ago to have physical contact with him. He noted how different she was since the time she had awoken him, how her apparently nonexistent emotions were revealed in the form of something much darker...more baleful. \"Avery called your little group creatures of hell. That true? That how you know all you do?\" She smirked, but not in the mischievous or coy way he had seem so many other women smirk in. It was full of malevolence. \"Tell me,\" she started absentmindedly, but the wicked grin never left her face, \"have you seen that hummingbird you were so fond of out here?\" Somewhere, deep down inside, Jake secretly, childishly wished this was still the nightmare he had only just had. ... ... I really haven't meant to make this story solely focused on the interactions of those two, but it has turned out that way thus far. Not to worry though, everything has started to get chaotic for our dear sexy male protagonist now that he might just know what he's dealing with. Stick around...in the next chapters we will find out what exactly Jake was dreaming about, and more about his past I hope, not to mention...other-things-that-I-can't-mention-because-then-I-would-have-to-hunt-you-down-and-kill-you-for-knowing-my-secrets! *takes breath* Reviews are like the Advil to the headache school causes! ^_^ ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters with the exceptions of probable OC's are not my own, in fact, they will "},{"Movie":"Cowboys & Aliens","Title":"Not Like You","Author":"ILikeRomanceAndNaps","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8415030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N: So this is my VERY FIRST fanfic EVER, so I hope you guys like it! This story is going to be a OCxEmmett, because I've noticed that every Cowboys & Aliens fanfic on here is about Jake and Ella. And I think Emmett needs some love too! He's sweet and adorable, am I right? Well, here it goes.) (Disclaimer: I do not own Cowboys & Aliens or any of its characters. Except Summer Heywood. I DO own her. ENJOOOOYYYYY!) *Summer's P.O.V.* So, my name is Summer Heywood. By looking at me, you can't tell I'm different. I look like a normal 14 year old girl. I have long, curly brown hair, grayish green eyes, I'm about 5'2\", and I weigh about 110 lbs. But by looking at me, there is no way you could REALLY know my full story. First of all, I'm not really human. I've just taken the form of one to blend in. I come from a different place, an unknown planet far away from Earth. Well, we thought we were unknown. But we were wrong. There were others nearby. Another race that wanted to harm us. It all happened so fast that none of us knew what to do. They came, took our people, our gold, destroyed the planet and left. And I was one of only two survivors. The other one is Ella Swanson. Ella is basically like an older sister to me. I hadn't known her before, but being the only two of our kind left, we bonded pretty quick. Then we saw the \"others\" again. (I'm just going to call them demons to make it easier). They were going to a different planet, one we knew of, far away called Earth. Ella told me that we needed to stop them from destroying the human's world the way they had destroyed ours. So we took the human form and traveled to Earth. We had NO idea how different it would actually turn out to. (A/N: Well, that's the end of Chapter 1! I'm SO sorry it's so short, but I'm going to try and get my second chapter up by tonight. Hope you liked it, PLEASE REVIEW!)[Chapter 2] [A/N: Yayyyy! Chapter 2! Enjoyyyy... P.S. - Every time you review, you save a puppy from being carried away by a hawk! SAVE THE PUPPIES! (And get a cookie!)] (disclaimer I don't own Cowboys & Aliens or its characters. I only own Summer.) -A Few Days Later- *Summer's p.o.v.* Well, we're here. On Earth. It's MUCH different from our home planet. At home, the ground was white, soft, and sandy. The sky was gray or white all the time, the plants were all small and black. Here the ground is hard. Rusty or brown colors in some places, where there are steep hills and rocks, but in other places there is a green plant covering the ground, which Ella says is called grass, and the ground underneath is soft, it crumbles in your hand and is black. The sky is blue. It has white puffy clouds. The clouds at home where always dark gray. We spent the first 2 or 3 days riding around on an animal called a horse so Ella could tell me all she knew about this planet. Which is A LOT. She says that her mother had been here once and had taught her all she had learned. Ella showed me different plants, like trees, different animals, like cows, coyotes, and mountain lions, and told me all the different things' names. I learned a lot so that I could fit in. We had right away taken the form of humans if we were seen. No one would've known what we were if they had seen our real form. Speaking of which, I guess I should tell you what that is. When I am in my true form, my skin is smooth and white. Not white as in pale, white as in ACTUALLY white. Like the moon. And I am actually about 7 feet tall! Adults like Ella were anywhere between 7 and 1/2 or 8 feet tall. I'm not kidding! My body shape is built the same way as a human's, only thinner. Our faces look about the same except our ears aren't visible, our noses are flatter, and our eyes are larger but black with white in the center instead of white with black in the center. Different enough, huh? Well, I like being human. It's fun, and kind of awesome! Well, now we're off to some town where there are ACTUAL humans. Ella says she knows the demons are somewhere near here, and maybe we'll be able to find someone who can help us. I just hope I can actually pass as a human. (A/N: I know, I'm sorry that this chapter is short, too, but I PROMISE the next chapter will be longer! Remember, review! SAVE THE PUPPIES! Also, in your reviews maybe help me with some ideas? Thanks!)[Chapter 3] Hey! I'm sooo sorry I haven't got my third chapter up! I've been on a camping trip for the past weekend, and I haven't gotten to work on it! :( But it WILL be up by tonight! I PROMISE! Thanks for reading, LUV U GUYS! U ALL GET COOKIES! :)[Chapter 4] (A/N: Yay! Time for chapter...3...even though its 4. The last A/N was technically not 3. You probably don't care. Anyways...SORRY I haven't updated in a LONG TIME...I've been on a camping trip! IT WAS SO MUCH FUN! YAY! I'd also like to send a shout-out to the only reviewer so far...you know who you are! YOU GET A COOKIE! Tell you what...whoever reviews before Chapter 4 will also get a shout out at the beginning of that chapter! And you'll get a cookie! P.S. - If you haven't already figured it out, giving out cookies is kind of my thing...so yeah. Well...enjoy the chapter!) (Disclaimer: I don't own Cowboys & Aliens. Why do they make me keep saying this? I only own Summer Heywood. Also - I have changed some dialogue and actions from the movie so it will fit the story better.) ~~~Riding Into Town~~~ *Summer's p.o.v.* \"You ready, kid?\" Ella asked me. We had just made it to the hill overlooking the town we were going to. I had completely zoned out for a minute thinking about how small it was, wondering if I would pass as normal, stuff like that. \"Huh? Oh, yeah. I guess.\" I replied before we started down the hill. Then a thought hit me. \"Ella?\" I asked. \"Yeah?\" \"What's our story?\" \"What are you talking about?\" She asked, confused. \"I mean, if people ask us where we're from, how we know each other, why we're here...what are we gonna say?\" She sighed and thought about it for a second and said, \"We'll just tell them that we're from Sante Fe, and um...I'm you're aunt...and...your parents died when you were little.\" \"What should I say from?\" \"Just say your Dad was shot and your Mom got a bad fever.\" \"Ok. And why are we here?\" \"Let's just say we wanted a change of scenery. Had to get away. And this was the first town we came to. Alright?\" \"Got it.\" I said. I went over the story in my head over and over until it sounded so convincing that even I almost thought it was true for a second. When we got down to the town, I saw it was only one street and the buildings lining that street. There was a saloon, what looked like a small church, a Sheriff's Office and a jail, and a hotel/restaurant. It's actually pretty nice for a small town , I thought. When I looked around, I saw a few people walking along the street. Actually, now that I counted, at the moment, I only saw 9. There was a women with her two children crossing the street, a Native American man with short black hair who was working by a wagon or something, there was a man with glasses and a Spanish women (maybe husband and wife?) outside of the hotel talking, and their was a man with white hair and a mustache wearing a Sheriff's badge sitting on a chair outside of the Sheriff's office (duh. There was also a deputy with a gun on the corner of the street and a boy who looked about my age with brown hair. As I was looking over at him, he just happened to look up at me and Ella, and man, was he cute! But I didn't want to draw attention to myself at the moment, so I just nodded at him and looked forward again. After me and Ella got the horses unsaddled and in a corral, we walked back to the hotel. She asked about renting a room temporarily, and the Spanish lady, named Maria, and her husband, the man with the glasses, named Doc, gave us a key and told us we could have a room upstairs. We went up, set our stuff out, and went back downstairs to get something to eat. We both got some beef and potatoes, which, by the way, were DELICIOUS! After dinner, we decided to walk around town, we were about halfway down the street when we heard some shooting behind us. There, standing in the middle of the road was some older kid, maybe aged between 18 or 20, was shooting at the sign above the saloon/hotel/resturaunt. Doc and Maria came running out and Doc was yelling, \"Hey! Hey! What are you doing? What are you doing, Percy? There's people up there!\" Maria, trying to calm him down, said, \"There's no one up there...it's fine.\" \"No, it's not fine. It's bad enough he drinks for free. Now he has to shoot up the place?!\" Percy stopped shooting after that. \"What was that, Doc?\" he asked. \"Nothing. He didn't say anything. Everything is okay...\" Maria said. \"Please, please, go back inside.\" Doc pleaded with her. \"Shut up,\" Percy interuppted, \"I wanna hear what you said. 'It's bad enough' what?\" Doc shrugged. \"You ungrateful for our business? 'Cause if it wasn't for my pa's cattle, there'd be no money going through this town! There'd be no meat on your tables! And your doors would be closed! Huh?!\" Percy continued, now reffering to everyone standing in the street, which was probably the majority of the whole town. \"I don't mean no disrespect to your father, Percy. You know that.\" Doc said. \"Of course not. But you're asking me to pay.\" Percy said, then motioned to Doc. \"Come here, let's settle up. Come here.\" Doc walked out into the street up to him. He said quietly, \"Hey...hey, kid, I don't want any trouble. I'm just trying to...\" Percy knocked the glasses of of Doc's face into the dirt. What a coward, I thought, picking on an older man. What a jerk. \"Better pick up your glasses, Doc, before someone steps on them.\" Percy said. As Doc slowly bent down and reached for his glasses, Percy pulled out his gun again and shot into the dirt right next to Doc's hand. Doc covered his head with his hands as Percy continued to shoot around him. \"Stop!\" Maria yelled. \"I'll pay the goddamn bill!\" Percy yelled and kept shooting. \"All right, son!\" The preacher man walked out into the street and interrupted Percy. Then he bent down and helped Doc pick up his glasses, \"We're just trying to make a living, now.\" he said. Percy laughed, \"You know what, preacher? You just gave me an idea. I know it ain't Suday, folks, but what say we take up a collection for the poor man? Huh? Now, who's got money?\" He walked across the street in the direction opposite of us and pointed his gun at some old people and motioned towards his outstrectched hand where he was holding his hat. \"In the hat. Let's go.\" He said. And old man with a beard dropped in a few coins. \"Much obliged.\" Percy said, and continued, \"Now, I'm sorry Doc's bad fortune has to be taken out on you good people.\" He once again motioned with his gun. \"In the hat.\" Another person dropped in some money. Are they actually listening to this buttwipe?! \"That's mighty Christain of you.\" Percy told them. Then he approached the man who I had seen walk over just a few minutes ago. He was wearing a weird bracelet on his left wrist which Ella seems to have noticed too. \"Hey. You, too.\" Percy calls out to him. The man just stands there and says, \"You want to be careful where you point that thing before you get hurt.\" Percy laughed. He turned around and looked at everyone then turned and walked up to the man. \"Listen...\" he says, \"I'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt, because maybe you don't know who I am.\" The man seemed annoyed, and sure enough, let Percy know it, when he kneed him, and RIGHT IN THE FAMILY JEWELS. Ooh...that had to hurt. Percy let out a sharp groan and fell to the ground, spilling all the money out of his hat. Across the street, the Native American man who I had seen eaarlier stepped forward. The stranger simply nodded and turned to walk away. Some guys walked over and tried to help Percy up, \"Come on,\" one said. \"Get off of me!\" Percy yelled, \"Hey, you! I'm warning you!\" He said, pointing his gun at the stranger. They stared at each other for a second, then the stranger turned and started walking away. Percy shot, but purposely off to the side a little, I guess to try and scare him, but instead hits the deputy on the corner in the arm. The deputy grabs his arm in pain, and the boy I saw earlier walks over to him, \"Are you okay?\" he askes. Percy starts panicking and shout, \"Where the hell did he come from? Where the hell did he come from?\" Just then the Sheriff rides up, \"What the hell is going on here?\" he yells. \"Well...it was an accident. He came out of nowhere. And he dry-gulched me. He tried to make me look like a fool. It wasn't my fault, Sheriff.\" Percy stutters. \"Damn it, Percy. You crossed the line this time. I gotta lock you up.\" The Sheriff says, grabbing Percy's gun away. \"Taggart,\" says the Native American man, \"You know that's not a good idea.\" \"Well, I'm afraid I got no choice, Nat.\" The Sheriff replies. Nat starts walking away, and Percy calls after him. \"Nat? Nat, you son of a bitch, where you going?\" \"Don't worry. I'll tell your father about what happened today.\" Nat says. Then walks off. Oooh...he's gonna get in trouble... I say kind of sing-songy in my head. I look around, and everyone is going back inside as the Sheriff leads Percy over to the jail. I look at Ella, who says, \"Let's go,\" and we continue walking down the road. (A/N: Yaaay...this chapter is out of the way! It took me forever! Well, I have a little case of writer's block right now of how I want the next chapter to go, but I'll figure it out soon. This isn't my favorite chapter ever, but I hope you guys like it! Remember to please review! Thank you sooo much for reading! -MoreRandomThanYou)[Chapter 5] (A/N: Yayy! I'm back for Chapter 4! It has been WAY too long since I updated, but I actually have been grounded for the past week, so I couldn't update no matter how much I wanted to. But now I'm back and will start updating again! And also: Shout out to iloveromance for all your awesome reviews! Thanks! U GET A COOKIE!) (Disclaimer: I don't own Cowboys & Aliens even though I wish I did.) ~~~~~Later~~~~~ -Sheriff's Office/Jail- *Sheriff Taggart's p.o.v.*- I just stood there staring out the window. \"Where the hell's that coach?\" I asked no one in particular. \"Coach? What coach?\" Percy turned around and asked, sounding concerned. \"You shot a deputy, Percy. Federal Marshal's bringing you to Santa Fe.\" I told him. \"Federal Marshal? Sheriff, have you lost your mind? My pa is on his way down here. You better let me out of here before things get out of hand.\" Percy argued with me. I turned around and noticed something. The 'wanted' poster I had hanging up had a picture of a man who had looked the one who Percy was after earlier. I started walking towards it. Percy continued to talk. \"Sheriff, it was an accident! It's not like I'm Jesse James!\" he yelled and I read the wanted poster: WANTED DEAD OR ALIVE $$$1,000.00$$$ JAKE LONERGAN SCOURGE A THE TERRITORIES IMMEDIATELY CONTACT NEAREST U.S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE \"Son of a bitch.\" I said. It WAS the same man. -Saloon- *Summer's p.o.v.*- \"Ella, can we go now?\" I asked. OHMYGOD was I exhausted. We had been sitting at this same frickin' table in the saloon for almost 2 hours and I need to get some sleep! But Ella won't even tell me why I can't go up to our room! I am SO happy right now! (Note the sarcasm.) I watched once again as Doc carried a drink over to a table of men, who I think have probably had enough to drink by now. \"Hey, could you put that on Percy's tab?\" One of them asked him and they all started laughing. Doc wasn't so amused, though. He held out his hand for the money they owed him for the whiskey. \"Fifty cents.\" he said. \"Just kidding with you, there, Doc.\" The man said as Doc walked away from him, head hung low. Doc stepped back behind the counter to keep cleaning dishes. \"I got no respect in this town.\" I heard him say under his breath. \"That's not true, okay?\" Maria told him, reassuringly. \"You want to leave?\" He asked her suddenly. \"No. This is your dream. I'd follow you anywhere.\" She said. \"I thought it was our dream.\" He interrupted her at the end of her sentence. Then he dropped the glass he had been drying for the past minute and it shattered to pieces on the floor. \"God damn it! Hey, Charlie, why don't you play something festive? It's like a funeral in here!\" he yelled to a man who sat next to the stairs slowly playing a violin. He sped up and started playing a faster song. Maria turned to Doc. \"Hey, you don't have to prove anything, okay? Okay? I love you.\" She said. \"I'm not a child.\" He said, moving her out of the way and walking up stairs. I sighed and leaned back in my chair. \"Ella? How about now?\" I asked. She shook her head. \"Why not?! We've been sitting here forever already! What are you waiting for?\" I whisper yelled and her. Just then, that man who had stood up to Percy in the street earlier walked in with a dog following him. Ella kept her eyes focused on him. He slowly approached the counter. \"Whiskey.\" He said to Maria. She reached for a bottle and a shot glass and handed them both to him. \"On the house, for what you did.\" She told him and walked away. He poured himself a shot and finished it with one gulp. Ella got out of her chair and motioned for me to stay in my chair. She walked over to him. Really, Ella? You couldn't have let me go upstairs if you were gonna make me stay put anyway? WHAT THE HELL?! I thought to myself. When Ella got over next to him, she just stared at him. He looked at her. \"I'm just here to drink.\" he said. Haha... But Ella didn't move or say a word. \"Do I know you?\" he asked. \"No.\" She said. He sighed and went back to his whiskey. He poured himself another shot. \"My name's Ella.\" she said. He seemed to be ignoring her. \"Where'd you get your bracelet?\" She said and reached for it, but he pulled his arm away. She just stood there, not speaking, once again. \"There something you know about me, lady?\" He asked. \"You don't remember anything, do you?\" She asked. Okay, now I'm confused. What does she know about him? \"What do you want?\" He asked, he must be so much more confused than me. \"I know you're looking for something. So am I.\" She said. Wait, she's not talking about the demons is she? What would he have to do with them? The bracelet? I have no clue. \"Well, good luck to you.\" He said and as he went to set down his glass, went still. \"Move away.\" he whispered. She backed up just as he said when Sheriff Taggart and some of his deputies walked through the door. \"Jake Lonergan.\" he said. The man playing the violin stopped and everyone stopped talking and looked at Jake, then they left. I saw Maria peek her head around the corner and look at what was happening, and I saw that same boy who I saw earlier come and stare through the window. I walked over to where Ella was standing. \"You mind following me over to the office, so we can have us a little chat?\" The Sheriff asked. He was holding a paper of some sort. \"I think you've got the wrong man.\" Jake said without turning around. \"Well, I'm gonna need you to come with us all the same.\" The Sheriff said and stepped forward. Jake turned around to face one of the deputies who was pointing a gun at him. \"Wouldn't do that if I was you.\" Jake warned. They stood there for a few seconds before another deputy pulled a gun out of his belt and Jake kicked him the gut. Then a fight broke out, and considering how tired I was, I had a hard time keeping track of what exactly went on, 'cause it was really fast, but as far as I could tell, Jake was winning. He took one of the deputies guns and pressed the hot end up against the deputy's neck. He groaned in pain and Jake threw him on the floor. Then he flipped one deputy onto the table and took the rifle he had held, hit him on the head with it to knock him out, then turned and aimed at Sheriff Taggart who was getting off the floor. Just then, the boy burst through the door. \"No!\" he yelled. We all glanced at him then back to Jake and Taggart. \"I don't want any trouble.\" Jake said. By then, I was put up with this and didn't want anybody to get shot so I quickly and quietly walked up behind Jake and hit him across the back of the head as hard as I could with the end of my six-shooter. It knocked him out and he fell on the floor. Yes, I'm just that awesome. I looked up after I put my gun away and Taggart looked at me. I just nodded and turned and went upstairs, Ella following me. So...vat did zu sink? Like my typed European accent? Teehee...I hope you guys liked this chapter (my personal favorite so far)! I also did change the part at the end where Ella hits Jake. Now Summer did. I kinda liked it better that way. Anyways, please review! Thanks guys! (If you can, I need a few ideas to keep it going, I'm staring to get writer's block.)[Chapter 6] (A/N: So this is just a REALLY short chapter written from Emmet's point of view about what he thinks of Summer! ENJOY!) ~~~After saloon fight~~~ *Emmett's p.o.v.-* As I walked away from the saloon, I had only two things on my mind. (A/N: Hey Outsiders fans! Did that statement sound a little familiar?! Teehee!) The first thing was that I was SO glad my Grandpa didn't get hurt. The second, which I was more curious about, was that girl. She probably just saved Grandpa's life! And she was real pretty, too... I wonder why I haven't seen her before? And who was the woman she was with? I haven't seen her before either! Where are they from? What are their names? How old is that girl? My age, probably. She looked like it, anyway. (P.S.-I'm 14.) You know what, why do I even care so much? I don't even know this girl and I'm completely obsessing! I'll just forget it for now, and go do my chores. I'll think aobut it later.[Chapter 7] (A/N: This chapter is just like the last only from Summer's p.o.v) (Disclaimer: I don't own Cowboys & Aliens. P.S.- I forgot to say that on the last chapter...) ~~~Hotel Room~~~ *Summer's p.o.v.* When I knocked Jake out earlier, when I went upstairs to take a nap, it was 3:30. Now its 7:00 P.M. As I look around the room, I don't see Ella. \"Ella?\" No answer. I get out of bed and see a note laying on the dresser. It says: Summer, I woke up at 6:30 and you were still asleep. I didn't want to wake you up 'cause I knew you were exhausted, so I walked down the street to the restaurant to get some dinner. If you are reading this, it means I'm still there. Why don't you come over and get yourself something to eat? -Ella Okay, why not? I quickly walk over to the door and slip on my boots. I grab my belt that holds my six-shooter and buckle it around my waist. Okay, I think I'm good...OH CRAP MY HAIR! Wow...that sounded girly. I like, literally sprinted to the mirror in the middle of the room. OHMYGOD. I look like a monster. Stupid bed head. I'm glad I remembered otherwise I would have gotten some wierd looks. Moving on... As I am walking out the door, I remember the event that happened earlier that day. When I knocked out Jake. But actually, that's not the part of the story I am thinking about. I'm wondering about that boy. He burst through the door and yelled 'no'. What was he so worried about? Did he just hate for anyone to get hurt? Or did he have some sort of connection with the Sheriff? (Teehee...that sounded dirty ;) Huh... Anyways...getting past the why he did it, I gotta admit, for whatever reason it was, it WAS really sweet. I wonder what he's actually like. I wonder what his name is? Dang, I'm asking myself a lot of questions. I sound obsessed. He WAS kinda cute, though. Maybe I'll get to meet him. That would be cool.[Chapter 8] OH MY GOD GUYS I AM SO SORRY! I haven't updated in like, 3 months! Sorry! And I still am checking my email so feel free to leave comments! I NEED INPUT! I'm not sure about the story, whether I should update or not, SO LET ME KNOW! Also, my computer is broken so that's one reason I haven't been able to update. I can only use my Dad's computer and I never get to be on it for more time than to check my email. I will try to update again ASAP! Love u guys, thx for reading! *Sending virtual hugs & cookies* (If you leave comments, maybe u could give me a few ideas?) Byeeeee! ","Summary":" (A/N: So this is my VERY FIRST fanfic EVER, so I hope you guys like it! This story is going to be a"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"SC's daughter and the head elf","Author":"missy13021996","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10291471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 \"Who's this, Santa?\" asked Bernard when he laid his eyes on the young girl standing in the hallway of the workshop. What he saw was a little shocking for him. She had long dark hair with flashes of every colour of the rainbow in it, she had tattoos up and down her arms and on her neck. He lips were pierced in numerous places and she had a guitar slung on her back. She must have been slightly shorter than he was and was very slimly built for a teenager. Her t-shirt and jeans clung to her showing how slim she really was. What drew Bernard's attention the most though was her bright violet eyes. \"She's my 17 year old daughter and I need you to watch over her for me while she's staying at the North Pole.\" replied Santa in his usual jolly voice. \"You want me to do what?\" exclaimed Bernard looking directly at Santa. His job was to look after elves not human teenage girls. Santa was already walking away from them waving. Bernard's head shot back around to the girl after watching Santa walk away from them. \"Hi, name's Melody, Mel for short. You must be Bernard right?\" The girl asked walking towards the elf. \"Yes I am. And it looks like I'm also the one who's looking after you it would seem.\" replied Bernard slightly suspicious as to why the girl was even here and needed his supervision. \"My dad hasn't told you anything about me has he?\" \"No he hasn't. I didn't even know he had a daughter until now.\" \"Yeah, sounds about right.\" Melody said with a slight sadness in her eyes at the mention of her father. \"Why don't I show you to your room first, go from there.\" Bernard said noticing the sad look in her eyes when talking about her father. \"Sure, that'd be great.\" replied Melody with a smile on her face, realizing what the elf was trying to do she followed him thankful for the distraction from her father.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Bernard stood in the doorway of the bedroom watching as Melody walked around the room looking and touching everything with a look of fascination and wonder in her eyes and a small smile on her face. The room itself had red walls with an ornate gold pattern hand painted on every wall. The ceiling had a beautiful night sky painted on it with a large silver chandelier in the centre clearly representing the moon. Old wooden furniture lay perfectly around the room almost framing the large ornate four poster bed displayed perfectly in the centre of the room. The beds curtains and bedding were crafted with black and white silk of the finest make. The heavy velvet curtains perfectly framed the large bay window and window seat overlooking the workshop. \"It's beautiful\" gasped Melody while still looking at the room in wonder. \"I take it you like it\" replied Bernard, not really sure if she was talking to him or not. \"I love it, thank you\" said Melody with a smile on her face. This time looking at Bernard making it quite clear she was in fact talking to him. \"My pleasure\" replied Bernard quite happy at her reaction to the room he'd chosen for her. A silence fell at this moment and Melody noticed a look appear on Bernard's face as if he was contemplating something he wasn't sure about. Melody laughed a little knowing what Bernard was thinking about. \"You can ask, I can see you want too.\" This caused a frown to appear on Bernard's face. He wasn't sure he should say anything in case they were thinking about very different things. \"You want to ask about my 'strained relationship', if you could even call it a relationship, with my father.\" Melody prompted hoping Bernard would say something. \"I didn't want to intrude on such a private matter.\" Bernard replied, surprised and slightly relieved at home upfront and open Melody was being towards him. \"It's ok; I don't mind talking about it.\" Melody had sat herself on the edge of the bed by this point cradling her guitar in her arms as if ready to start playing. Bernard walked over to Melody and sat next to her waiting for her to start speaking. \"We were ok when I was little but when I turned 13 it was like he completely forgot he had a daughter.\" Melody had started playing a slow sweet tune on her guitar whilst talking. \"Things just got worse the older I got. He hated everything I loved. My clothes, music, friends, and when I got kicked out of high for fighting for the first time, well let's just say in that moment we both wished I'd never been born.\" Her voice seemed to crack a little at this point and a pained look appeared in her eyes but she carried on talking calmly. \"I've been to 5 different schools, I got kicked out of each of them for different things, fighting, stealing, my tattoos, and my hair and then apparently my clothes were inappropriate and I refused to change each time. It's kind of why I'm here, either mom or dad know what to do with me anymore.\" ","Summary":" Chapter 1 \"Who's this, Santa?\" asked Bernard when he laid his eyes on the young girl standing in "},{"Movie":"Rambo series","Title":"Rambo: Tears and Rain","Author":"Dance of the Dead","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7461756","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a crisp October morning; the type that would chill most to the bone if they stayed out in it for too long unprotected. With the early hour any breath drawn steamed the moment it past the casters lips, but there was already an underlying humidity that would only grow as the day continued. The idea of the facility being maximum security was almost laughable with the ease he got in, simple flash of an I.D card and the statement that he was expected was all that was needed to gain entry to the place he'd once called home. He'd not recognised any of the people he'd passed by; nor the man on the front desk, not that it mattered; it just confirmed his thoughts on the lax amount of security. The reception had been redecorated since he'd last been here, brought to a more modern style. Smoked glass tables were littered with contemporary magazines, the walls painted a light cream as opposed to the garish and overpowering vibrancy they'd once been. Even the furniture had been replaced making way for a selection of hard looking read chairs. The receptionist motioned to one of the seats to him; to busy to speak while he was on the phone. Rambo found the welcome starchy and hostile; he hadn't expected anything less. He'd not brought any belongings with him for the meeting with the only person he'd claim was his family member, Colonel Trautman. Although being summoned back to Bragg had come as a surprise; the surprise lay in the timing rather than the reasoning. He'd not been told much, but he knew he was here for a quiet mission, something required his particular talents and who was he to deny his father figure his services? The well built man turned his back on the receptionist; whom he was becoming more convinced was holding a personal phone call rather than doing his job with every passing moment he heard the conversation. He frowned to himself, the expression one that was most comfortable on his face. He looked out the glass window fronting of the building. The place had the feel the recruitment office that'd first picked him up, rather then the prestigious training grounds he'd gone through the transition of boyhood and adulthood at. The memories he had of the establishment we conflicted; fond and detested. \"Rambo.\" His thoughts were interrupted by the man he'd come to see. The older man's powerful and commanding voice booming over the reception room. The receptionist quickly put the phone down and acted busy. Rambo paid the receptionist no heed as he made his way over to the Colonel taking the man's hand in his own as it was offered. \"Good to see you again, son.\" The older of the two spoke; an honesty in his tone of voice and the smile as broad and unofficial on his face as he could allow under the circumstances. \"Thanks for coming.\" Trautman added giving his favourite son a brief slap on the shoulder with his free hand. Rambo just nodded; having become more forlorn and sparse with his words as of late. Trautman motioned, much like the receptionist had done; with as much comfort, away from the changed reception area. Leading Rambo towards somewhere they could speak in absolute privacy. The place he was led to was the senior officers personal office. His name plaque stamped proudly on the door in frosted lettering. Trautman opened the door for the younger man allowing to step into the room ahead of him. As he breached the threshold into Trautmans office, he gave a quick look around at the décor. Dark wooden furniture of a bygone era stood clearly against the lighter walls. Grey metal filing cabinets stood with a single draw open behind a large writers desk; which was kept neat and orderly. Mock silver frames stood out on the shelving and one particular photograph stood out among the others. Rambo headed over to the photograph of his former unit and smiled with the same feeling of bereft revere that he'd held earlier while gazing out of the facilities windows. \"Something was stolen from us.\" Trautman spoke as soon as the door was closed behind him; getting to the point of their meeting. Rambo quickly put the photograph back onto the shelving unit; knowing that now was not the time for the reunion that he'd been wanting. \"I'm not surprised.\" He returned the comment turning back to Trautman, he'd no reason to hide his thoughts on the facility and it's lacking security. \"Not from here. A disk of some very sensitive documents and incriminating evidence was stolen from one of our operatives last week. We need to have what was stolen retrieved, or destroyed.\" Trautman explained, handing over a brown paper file to the other man. Rambo opened the file; a typed document with the garish red classified stamp across the front page greeted him. \"We believe that the thieves are Anti-American Terrorists who are looking to use the information in order to blackmail our government into wreaking chaos over the nation.\" Trautman explained opening his own copy of the file he'd passed over. \"Their manipulative methods are not welcome, and while they can be ignored to some level the president wants this to be drawn to a close before it gets out of hand.\" \"Where are they stationed?\" Rambo asked, flicking through the white pages in front of him, taking careful note of the amount of black lines that'd been crossed out. Information that wasn't for his eyes. There was something that he wasn't being told about the information he was going to be retrieving and the reasons for getting the information back seemed dubious at best. His thoughts on the matter were not voiced, he wasn't exactly a patriot any longer. Not after the welcome home he'd received after the last time he'd been away playing nationalist, what did he care if the President didn't like something? Or the news of the Presidents lies was in the hands of some terrorists? \"Malta.\" Trautman answered, and Rambo looked to him, the frown finding his face once again. \"Thought Malta was a republic?\" He questioned. \"It seems their government has been busy as of late working behind the scenes.\" Trautman added once again, giving the confirmation that the country had been as Rambo had suspected until recently. \"Any specifics on their location?\" Rambo further questioned, trying to get as much information from the colonels mouth as he could. \"We don't have full intel yet, but we know the Terrorists are operating near Naxxar. We believe that they've taken over Palazzo Parisio and have had the local vicinity cleared of the general population. We're awaiting confirmation.\" \"Cleared?\" Rambo asked for clarification on the term. Inside he already knew; \"Murdered.\" he stated and Trautman nodded confirmation of the younger mans fears. \"These Terrorists have the people of Malta running scared, and they are in a good position to defend themselves against any all out attacks.\" Trautman added about the small island. \"We fear that the Government is aiding these terrorists, we don't yet know why.\" Rambo nodded as he listened to the information he was being given, but cut to the chase. It was already obvious what his role in the mission was going to be. Play fetch and destroy. \"When do I go in?\" \"We can't send you alone.\" Came the answer. Rambo gave him a cautious glance. He knew the implications of the colonels words. They couldn't afford for him to fuck up the mission and should something go wrong he'd need someone with him to pull his ass out of the fire or to put him down. \"When do we go in?\" He rephrased the question. \"Your partner hasn't been chosen yet.\" Trautman explained putting the file on the desk in front of him making sure all the papers were still concealed inside. Glad for his sons understanding in the matter and lack of objection. \"We we're going to go through our files for a suitable candidate this afternoon.\" \"I'll choose him.\" Rambo ordered his senior officer, he felt it was his right to pick the person who may have to kill him should everything take a turn for the worse or the other way around should the situation require it. Trautman didn't voice any objections to the request. Rambo flicked over the pages in his file to look at the assumed lay out of the stately home that'd been taken over; looking to figure out the skills the partner candidate would need in order to be good back up. He already knew that he'd be entering the vicinity of the stately home via air. That's what Bragg and his training had been all about after all, it was also the lowest profile that could get him as close to the facility as he'd need to be. Upon seeing an aerial scan of the facility he'd be invading, his mind started working over what would be needed both equipment wise and from his prospective partner. \"Any questions?\" Trautman pushed forwards with the briefing, trying to draw it to a close. \"Why me?\" Rambo asked, flicking the file closed with the hand that was holding it. The briefing had been of a more informal nature, he put it down to the whole meeting being an introduction to what lay ahead. Trautman gave his son something of a confused look, the question seemed to have come out of nowhere; he answered with honesty, like he had all other questions from the man. \"Because your the best, this is a situation that needs to be handled with utmost discretion, we can't trust anyone else to go in.\" He explained. \"We need someone reliable who will get the job done regardless of who else is sent.\" The level of skill required to handle not only the volatile situation, but to take charge of another officer and work under pressure was something that Rambo had mastered, his abilities to adapt and survive we're second to none. They both knew it, Rambo just had trouble admitting to himself exactly what he was. Trautman move from around his desk and headed to the office door so that he could open it and lead the full blooded combat soldier to the next order of business; choosing his partner.[Chapter 2] Rambo had been slaving over various papers and files for a good few hours, while the importance of finding himself a partner for the upcoming mission was something that needed to be done, he understood why it was often left to those of a particular mindset. He'd narrowed the selection down a lot already and this was his third pass at the remaining candidates; each pass through the names narrowed it down further and now there were only three remaining. The first being a good reliable serviceman who was getting nearer to being drafted out, a family man with a wife and two daughters, his record was flawless and his skills almost perfect for his needs. The second candidate contrasted the first he'd picked out greatly. Their record was far from clean, they had no family which went in their favour considering the dangerous nature of the mission. The final choice was a middle ground between the two; a normal service officer, decent record with a few blotchy patches, but nothing that couldn't be over looked. His skills were of an adequate level but like the rest of him, nothing to be bragged about. Between the three of them they had skills that would be useful, all trained field technicians in the narrower field of explosives. He'd not read the bare basics of the files, the peoples names wouldn't mean anything at this point anyway; just their service records and training. The skill list of the middle candidate out lived the skills of the other two, it was just their record and current situation that was ringing alarm bells, it was their skills and lack of family that was calling out to him. He frowned at the three files in front of him as though it would help him make up his mind about the people the papers were about. He took a deep breath then picked out the middle file, he needed skills in this mission and the other two wouldn't give him what he needed. Picking the file from the desk he headed towards where Trautman was looking over something with on of his other officers, probably some more intel Rambo figured. \"This one.\" Rambo stated, handing the file over to Trautman. The older senior officer opened the file, giving the basics that Rambo hadn't a look over. \"A woman?\" Trautman asked, looking to Rambo with a curious glance. \"It is?\" He returned the question with his own, though there was no change of tone in his voice. \"It won't be a problem.\" he added feeling like he had to have some return to the question from his senior. He'd worked with women before and she wouldn't be a distraction for him, not when it came down to it. Generally speaking he wasn't interested in women or at least forming relationships with them. He'd had relationships with women before he'd been drafted; there was one particular girl back when he was sixteen before being enlisted that he'd been particularly close with, he'd even go so far as to say he'd been in love with her. His first ever committed love relationship; they'd both been young and he'd not expected it to last, nor had he expected her to wait for him while he was away making war. He'd looked her up once he'd returned from Vietnam, she hadn't waited for him and was now married with three children, initially he'd been somewhat distressed about her having moved on; but the distress was quickly replaced with relief. Since returning the idea of settling down and creating life turned his stomach, he'd seen to much that would turn lesser men to madness to be a part of something that would bring an innocent life into the world and the urge to make love rarely took over him. He masturbated when the desire took over him; but when it came down to it the monstrosities he'd seen in Vietnam just killed off whatever thoughts of passion he had before they could form. Trautman continue to read the file on the woman he'd chosen, his curious looks turned into a frown. \"She is in prison.\" he then commented. Not that it would to much of an issue getting her out of the military prison she was being held in, he was just curious to hear Rambo's reasoning. \"I remember the name now.\" He added before the younger man could speak. \"She's classed as a deserter, she disregarded a direct order, shot her commanding officer; who later died of the injuries.\" He explained his face remaining neutral. \"I read the file, it's her skills I need not her loyalty, she's the one.\" Rambo pressed, irritated that his judgement had been questioned even by the man he respected. \"I never met her, just remember the case.\" Trautman added, noting the irritation in the younger man. He'd worked with Rambo for many years now and although he'd not known him to be the assertive type, he knew when the man was determined about something; he could see that determination in his jaw now. Closing the file again he nodded, putting it on the desk he was overseeing. \"It will take some arrangement, we'll met her soon.\" He moved to pick up a telephone to make the arrangements he'd spoken of.[Chapter 3] The woman was in her cell, as she was always forced to be. They let her out to do the work she'd managed to scrounge, during meal times the rest of the time allowed out of her cell was few and far between; as such she made do with the small space available to her. Being part way through her exercise regime when she'd been disturbed by the prospects of a visitor the guard caught her with her hands behind her head, her body over the side of the bed in the middle of a set of stomach crunches. \"Kiz, you've got a visitor.\" Informed the guard before he even got to her barred door. \"Since when?\" the woman replied,pulling herself back onto her bed, her voice icey and cold. Her hair was short, but not shaved. Kept in a styled bob which had the length longer at the front. A style that had been at the height of fashion for less than a year a couple of years back; she'd never parted with it. \"Since now, pretty high-brow as well. Best not keep them waiting.\" The guard informed her; giving her no choice but to see the person that had come to visit her. Her already stern face turn a notch for the even more sour a frown settling on her face. She gave a small shrug and moved to the back of the room with her hands held out in front of her. Protocol to show that she was willing to be shackled by the guard and led away. The guard unlocked the room while another took out a baton and followed behind his team mate. Kiz smiled to the man with the baton and his healed but twisted broken nose. \"Have I ever told you, you look much more handsome with your nose like that?\" she asked him, her voice not only filled with edge, but also friendly flirtation. She even offered him a wink to go with her smile. \"Every time I see you.\" The guard stated, his voice laced with tension and poorly suppressed frustration and rage with the cell kept woman. It was more than evident with their exchange of words they had a history together that neither of them would like to repeat. Kiz watched in silence as she was cuffed by the other guard, giving a slight wince as the metal touched the skin of her slim wrists tightly. The chain rattled as she lowered her hands, the guard looping another chain with the one linking her arms to some shackles he attached to her ankles. Purely precaution Kiz told herself about the chains, feeling almost a little too trussed up. \"Whose come to see me?\" she asked the guard as he got to his feet, before he had the chance to start leading her away from her cell. \"Some high-up from Bragg.\" the guard answered. \"Don't know what they are after, and me telling you that much could get me fired.\" There was little sympathy to his voice for the expression of dread that graced her features. Her mind was already running loops with itself, trying to figure out what a senior officer would want with her. Maybe they'd wrangled up some more evidence that they wanted to go through with her over her insubordination. Her face once again frowned at the idea of it. After all these months they couldn't have found anything else; she'd admitted to the charges already, there was no reason for her to hide what had happened between her and her previous commanding officer and her sentence had already been carried out. It couldn't be that. A pull on her chains distracted her from her thoughts. \"Come on, pet.\" The guard with the baton taunted her and she just smiled in return. Kiz had been in the prison for nearly two years and while she had been on her best behaviour for the past eighteen months her first six hadn't been smooth sailing. She'd been in a fair amount of fights establishing her place in the unofficial pecking order of the prison; she'd been kept in solitary confinement after breaking the guards nose for three weeks, but let out among the general populace after a psychiatric evaluation stating that she was of normal mentality. The guard had faced disciplinary action for suggestive comments towards the woman which had gotten Kiz out of solitary a week earlier than originally planned. Her feet made a padding sound on the floor as she walked, her gaze on what she could see of the world outside of the barred windows. She'd give anything to be out of this place and back doing what she did best. She smiled at the fond memories of her work; which always came to a shuddering halt when she saw the face of her superior officer. \"Don't get your hopes up Kiz, I heard this guy is a real ass-hole.\" The guard behind her spoke. Her fist clenched tightly, causing her knuckles to whiten. The guards in the prison always knew exactly which buttons to press to get under your skin. It was all a part of the job for them and she knew it; they had to find a weakness in the people they were guarding to keep them in line. \"Do you want your jaw breaking as well?\" Kiz returned, sounding as cocky as she dared, not wanting to feel a baton at the back of her head. \"That's right, you have a real problem with authority. Let's just hope this guy doesn't have a gun.\" Kiz could feel her rage boiling and she did her best to keep her choler in check lest it overtake her sensible nature. What did these two men know about the situation that landed her here other than what they'd read on a piece of paper? Nothing. She tried to give her usual over confident smile, but couldn't keep it in place for long. The meeting room she was led to wasn't the usual visitors room, the room was dark; a blind drawn over the window and Kiz found it hard to make everything out, from what she could tell there was no plastic shield between her and whomever she would be speaking to, just a table and two chairs facing one another. She could see the dark outline of two men already in the room. One sat at the table; well dressed. The other hung back and she could see him only as a silhouette. One of the guards closed the door to the room reducing the light even further, giving the men she'd be speaking with complete privacy from identification. \"Private Sinistral,\" started the man who was already sat on one side of the table. \"Please, take a seat.\" he offered, she could hear him motioning towards the seat in front of him. \"Is this an official hearing Sir?\" She questioned, though she very much doubted it under the circumstances. \"Not officially.\" He answered. She couldn't help finding a smile crossing her face, not one of her usual sarcastic or guarded ones either. Her hands reached out for the chair and she moved it towards herself and sat down. \"How are you being treated?\" came the next question. Kiz was trying to put an age and rank to the voice that spoke to her. She guessed for the man to be near his fifties. She couldn't make out the full details on his suit for the amount of medals he had on display, but she appreciated the effort he had gone to for her all the same. She placed his rank highly, not only because of the medals he had earned but with the way he spoke and carried himself. This man was a real leader and an inspiration to those below him. You couldn't be that as just a Private. \"Oh, just fine. They give me three good meals a day and I can watch television whenever I feel like it.\" She answered keeping the tones of her voice as dry as possible. \"What is this all about Sir?\" she returned the questioning. \"We have a job for you.\" \"I'm retired.\" She answered after a moments pause. \"One hell of a pension scheme you got here.\" Trautman returned to the woman, playing her at her own game. \"What kind of a job?\" Kiz asked, give the elder man a side ways glance, trying to figure out what this was really all about. \"Why me? I'm certain that there are people just as good as me with better prospects.\" she pressed another question. Trautman pointed to the other man in the room. \"He chose you.\" \"And he is?\" She asked. \"And you for that matter.\" He added as an after thought. Her head turning to try and see the man who'd managed to keep himself in the dark. \"Unimportant.\" Trautman answered, not wanting to give to much away in case she flat out refused to work for them. \"And the job?\" Kiz returned to the matter at hand. \"We need your expertise.\" Trautman answered honestly, glad that the cat and mouse word play seemed to be over. He lent forwards to her. \"Your file tells me that you've been expertly trained in the field of explosives.\" He said and she could see his smile. \"Among other things.\" She added, slightly offended that was all that she seemed to be remembered for. \"But, you already know that.\" She added, they'd read her file already! \"Of course.\" Trautman comforted, catching onto the hint of her irritation. \"And the job?\" Kiz repeated her question once again hoping that the question being repeated might get her the information that she needed, she held up her hand as she saw the man about to speak. Her eyes having adjusted to the change of lighting finally. \"A little trust, please?\" She asked of the man holding up her bound hands. Trautman nodded towards one of the guards, who came closer and freed her from the tight cuffs. She rubbed her wrists in her hands and moved them about a bit while the older man spoke to her. \"We've had something stolen from us that is imperative that we get back.\" Trautman told her, plying up the drama of the situation slightly, knowing that it would entice her into doing to job much easier. \"We need you and your skills in order to do that. The president has offered you a full pardon upon completion.\" Kiz raised a carefully manicured eyebrow to the ranking officer. \"Sounds too good to be true, what's the catch?\" She asked. \"Your not expected to survive.\" The other man told her dryly. She turned his way admiring his honesty with her. She wasn't suicidal nor was she crazy about doing such a job, especially one that she knew so little about. \"So what is it that the dear, Mr. President has lost?\" She asked. \"Classified. I don't know the details, all we know is that a disk need to be retrieved.\" Trautman told her steering the conversation away from her impending death. \"So you want me to play fetch with you for a pardon that I may not even live to hear?\" She clarified. \"No offence, but aren't you a little old to play these games?\" \"Not with me. With him.\" Trautman once again motioned to the shrouded Rambo. \"I was wondering where tall, dark and gruesome came into all this.\" She smiled. \"Fine, you want me to die blowing something up it's better than wasting away in here.\" She shrugged getting to her feet the chair making a vile scraping noise as she stood from it. \"When do we leave?\"[Chapter 4] Kiz put her belongings down on the floor, what few she had had been bundled into a sack that she carried over her shoulder like a vagabond. She pulled a small pile of papers from her grey coat pocket and handed them to the gate security. She frowned as she gave as much of a glance over the compound as she could; an expression that hadn't left her face much since initial talks about this job. Her frown didn't lighten as a conversation broke out between the two men on guard about her and where she should be heading too. Seemed they couldn't make up their minds if they should send her to the reception or the barracks. She felt some measure of relief when she saw someone approaching the entrance who looked like they might know what they were doing. She didn't recognise the figure, but the way they carried themselves spoke of confidence and control. He approached the two security officers and held out his hand for the papers she'd passed over moments ago. \"I'll handle this.\" He told them. The voice she did recognise. He'd been in the room that fateful day with the colonel. The man before her was her partner in whatever events were about to transpire. Kiz lent forwards and picked her pack up from the floor, slinging it over her shoulder once again, she wiped her forehead with the back of her hand, the heat of the place already getting to her; causing her to sweat. Rambo made a motion to Kiz for her to follow him and she fell into step beside him; she couldn't help but feel a little out of place, not just for her lack of prestige and rank; Bragg was for the best, but for the colour of her uniform. All the prison had to put her in was a grey variation of the camouflage; not the green everyone else wore. She stood out and the subtle looks of training groups that ran by made her feel conscious of the fact she was an outsider. She didn't doubt for a second that the prison had arranged it on purpose. \"Do you have a name yet?\" She questioned the man, giving him as subtle look over as she could afford. Trying to weigh up if she could trust him or not; her money was on she couldn't. He wasn't the hardest man on the eyes she'd ever seen, and he looked like he had a good reasoning for being sent out on a mission like this one under his clothing. The man had a physique that anyone would be proud of, the type that only came with hard work and dedication and he wasn't showing it off in a cocky manner either; which always went down well in her books. There was something else as well, his angular face had a slightly dopey look which may make some woman call him cute under the right situations. For her, there was never a right situation. \"John, John Rambo.\" He enlightened her and she felt her frown lifting as he looked in her direction. A name was a start. \"Colonel Trautman is waiting to fully brief you.\" He added afterwards taking the lead in their walking, his longer strike wasn't an issue for her to keep up with and she figured that the only reason he looked taller than her was due to the boots he wore. \"We then have a few days to go-over any gaps in your training.\" He told her some more information. Her frown returned again. \"There are no gaps.\" She told him confidently. \"You've been behind bars for two years, it'll have an effect on your abilities.\" he told her flatly. \"The voice of experience?\" She questioned, she didn't expect a reply and she didn't get one. Rambo opened the door to the reception area for her and she pushed past him, feeling a little insulted after his words despite the truth behind them. The man and his ability to be aloof with his answers and the lack of them made her curious about him, made her wonder the reasons behind him being and acting the way that he was with her. He could just be being distant towards her due to the nature of their mission; yet somehow she suspected that there was more to it than that. She stopped part way through the door and gave him a questioning glance, but found neither of them could hold the stare for long. \"In there.\" Rambo pointed Kiz towards one of the office doors past the reception bar, she nodded and uttered a thank you making her way towards the door she'd been motioned too. – Rambo waited in the reception for the woman. His head resting in the palm of his hand against his knee. Lost in his own long winded trail of thoughts of the questions that he really should be over asking himself by now. Why hadn't he just walked away from it all at the end of the last tangled mess that he'd been involved in? No one would have blamed him. Why did he still feel that pull of patriotism for a country that showed no love for him in return? There was still something about this mission that didn't sit right with him, something that he wasn't being told and try as he might to figure it out he just couldn't get his finger placed on it. Feeling like he should be used to the idea that he was just another tool to be used by the Government that employed him he tried to shove the darker thoughts that plagued him and focus on something else. Finding that minute well of inner peace that he brought forth; a well that had been missing since his last return from Vietnam. Returning back there had once again brought the monster out in him; he resented it, loathed it, but still couldn't find a way to break out from the chains that bound him. He flinched visible and jerked his head up as a cold finger touched his shoulder, his expression as thorny as his thoughts had been. She quickly moved her fingers from his shoulder upon being greeted in such a cold manner \"Are you all right?\" Kiz asked, any formality that she had displayed in front of her superior had been dispensed of the moment she'd left the office. Saying nothing Rambo got to his feet and Kiz sighed once again falling in step behind the uptight man. She clenched her hand into a fist, using her own hand as a ways to keep her anger from rising to sharply, before the day was out she knew she'd be fighting with the man which would surely compromise their working relationship. The area that she was led through on the way to where she'd be retraining was exactly what she had come to expect of a military camp. Small buildings where groups of men and woman slept, open areas for various sorts of training methods, assault courses for fitness. She let herself be distracted by a unit of men as they ran passed the two of them, clearly having been punished with extra drills for whatever minor insubordinations their unit had done, the voice of an overly annoyed Sergeant screaming abuse behind them. She couldn't help but let a smile once again cross her face for the familiar thrill of being back among it all, a smile that quickly faded from her face as the two of them stopped at the beginning of one of the many assault courses. She'd not been expecting to be put to the test by her new partner so soon. \"You've got to be shitting me.\" Kiz stated, looking across at course before her, she glance towards the man at her side, but there was nothing at all humorous about the look he gave her. She threw the bag from her shoulder onto the grassy floor, her eyes not moving from the signals that he was about to give. A rope assault course had never been her strongest point but she was determined to prove him wrong about her being rusty in her abilities. Keeping a close eye on his hands as he counted down from three for them to start. The moment that he took off she was in step behind him, the floor beneath her thundering with their adrenaline powered strides. Naturally his strength propelled him towards the first obstacle in front of them and he near effortlessly vaulted over the wooden slats just as she got to them, her own leap lacking the grace that his did. She kept her pace with him only falling behind a few steps as they sprinted towards the next obstacle in their path. Picking her way carefully on top of the beams that had been presented before her, trying not to be knocked off balance due to his motions in front or her. With each beam getting higher than the last, she wobbled as she landed on one the moment he kicked off from the last. The moment with the lack of balance causing her to lose out on valuable seconds. Catching herself she leapt to the final beam and quickly jumped off, landing heavily. She sprinted after her partner, looking at him just as he headed towards a much higher slatted fence than the original; upon seeing his raised hand, fist clenched she stopped in her tracks. Knowing exactly what the gesture could mean should they be out in the field. She took the valuable seconds that she'd been granted to catch her breath and the moment that the hand lowered she started off again, quicker in her reaction for the release this time than the last. Her hands grasping hold of the dangling rope before her using her body strength to climb the rope while her legs looked for a ways to do the rest of the hard work with the wooden barrier. She wasn't ashamed when she fell behind once again, but only by the split of a second. Landing just in time to get a face full of dirt from his boot, she ignored the insult; applying herself to the task at hand, hurtling towards a dual row of tires laid flat on the ground. Carefully placing her feet within each of the large rubber loops with the same level of grit and determination that she had faced everything; when it came to the last of the tires her foot caught and she tripped. The floor came up on her with a speed that she hadn't known possible, her hands caught most of the impact of the fall. She quickly tried to push herself up, but as soon as she did so she felt a hand pulling her from the floor. Giving just a simple nod in disgruntled thanks to the man she was racing against for the aid in getting back to her feet. She was about to dart off again, but the arm in front of her made her stop. \"Enough.\" Came a single word from Rambo. She turned to him curiously, clearly her fumble had been enough of a demonstration. She cursed silently to herself for her foolish misjudgement in steps. \"Go get yourself cleaned up.\" Rambo then told her. \"We will talk more later.\" Kiz followed the point of his hand towards the shower block, and assuming that where she would be sleeping was close by she went to retrieve her bag of belongings; not enjoying the being left to wonder at her fate.[Chapter 5] Kiz threw her bag onto her bunk, the action testament to the bitter mood that she was currently suffering from. She resented the fact that Rambo had made her look like a rookie; she knew he was well within his rights to put her to the test, but she just couldn't shake the feeling of anger. What else would he make her fail at before he was happy? She still knew how to clean and repair a weapon, she could show that skill off; though she might be a little slow. What about her precious explosives? She scoffed at the idea of ever forgetting a detail where they were involved. She picked up her bag and opened it, looking for her towel. She pulled the small thing out of the bag and almost screamed in frustration. Looked like the last laugh was on the prison officers, giving her a hand towel! She slung the small thing over her shoulder and made her way to the shower block. – It was getting dark by the time Kiz came out of the shower block, Fort Bragg had a subdued quiet settled over it; one that only meant that the next day would bring a renewed hived of activity. Rambo had been waiting for the woman while she showered, having already planned how to put her through the next of his tests. He wanted his partner to be combat ready as soon as possible so that this hell-pit of a mission could be done and over with; and that meant he couldn't hold back with her. Without warning; following the stride of his steps he aimed a balled fist directly towards the bridge of her nose. Kiz let out a poorly suppressed shriek and quickly ducked out of the way. \"What the Hell!?\" She demanded, but quickly caught onto what was happening. A cocky grin crossed her face. \"All right big guy,\" she stated pulling her fists up in front of her chest. \"You want to go, let's go!\" He thrust a jab her way, and once again she quickly dipped out of the way of the blow. She was a slippery devil, but the blows couldn't be evaded forever. With each of his forward jabs she was put onto the back foot; she'd eventually be pushed against a wall or a fence; already aware of this Rambo steered her towards such a place and she seemed to be allowing it. While most of Fort Bragg was keeping to itself their impromptu fighting match had caught the attention of some of the other military personnel stationed there, and a small gathering was starting to follow their active battle. When another fist came her way, Kiz ducked beneath it, countering with a short sharp uppercut, her fist was easily deflected by the larger built man and she was put on the back foot again. \"Come on girly~,\" one of the watchers taunted her and she hissed a curse in frustration for her inability to act other than to wait for a blow to evade. For a well built man Rambo was surprisingly fast; the jeering from the viewers distracted her and she was punished for it with a tightly clenched fist to the side of the face. Kiz gasped at the pain, but tried not to let the blow register; but the next one to her gut cut with a deeper viciousness; somehow she knew she was lucky not to hear the cracking of bones, the mans blows were so expertly placed she knew he'd avoided hurting her too much on purpose. This time she had to gasp for breath for the wind having been knocked out of her. Rambo scoffed at her, but remained his usual silent self. He shook his head and turned his back on her, assuming the fight was over. As did some of the other military personnel and they started to disperse. The fight was still in the woman and she turned to the offensive now that his back was turned; leaping onto his back, catching him by surprise initially. He quickly recovered and wrapped his arm around her and threw her from his back onto the floor. Kiz landed harshly, but with her feet flat so that she could once again recover from his blow. Using her greater skills of flexibility she launched herself back up, her legs outstretched, aiming her foot towards his face; a warning more than an attack. Her face gave no indication of the anger she felt burning within her. With a quick twist of her body she was standing upright again in front of him. Her hands balled in fists across her chest. She smiled, that same cocky, self assured smile she often carried. Once again Rambo shook his head, at least the woman was spirited enough to not quit at the first hurdle. He indulged her delusions. Kiz waited, feeling a strange sense of calm come creeping over her anger. She could do this; she knew she could. She waited for him to come on the offensive again; and he did. Rather than evading entirely she turned her back and lashed out with her back foot, aiming for his stomach. It didn't connect as he dodged out of the way, but she was on him. She knew she could win this fight because she knew how to cheat. She darted forwards and was instantly within his guard range, her arm raised to guard her body as her knee came up short, sharp and fast aiming right for the mans groin. This connected. Within a moment the fight as over and Kiz had claimed victory; no matter how underhanded. She didn't offer a hand of help to Rambo while he was doubled over from the pain of her insult, only her anger was quick to flair up again and she kicked some of the dry dirt in his direction. \"Jerk!\" She hissed to him bitterly and stalked back towards the barracks with her bunk in it.[Chapter 6] The bathroom in the barracks was small and somewhat dilapidated. Kiz had been standing in front of a mirror now for some time, not really engaging with the image that was returned to her. Her hands were tight on the white sink and she was doing her very best to calm herself down; the plug hole was helping. When she looked up the face that she looked into was bruised. Her hand rose to the side of her cheek; she smiled; she was getting a black eye. Somewhere along the line she had learned to treasure such sentimental gifts, yet there was a forlorn sadness that crossed her face as she caressed the ripening bruise. It was going to be one of those evenings. She left the bathroom and made her way to the door of the bunkhouse, crossing the empty social room as she did so. The crispness of the day had caved into the demand of rain, and it fell heavily onto her face. She lifted her head to face the sky and she breathed deeply; regretting the breath when the pain from the second blow she'd taken gripped her. She lent back against the outside wall of the building and sighed. Silently, tears fell down the side of her face. She hadn't realised they'd come at first and assumed that the wetness had been due to the rain. The falling weather droplets had always had a strange effect on her. It didn't take Kiz long to feel regret for her underhanded tactics in the impromptu fight with Rambo, as she stood out in the falling rain. She was trying to keep her breathing slow and steady and telling herself over and over that he'd deserved it; starting a fight for no good reason. All the while something inside told her that he was right to do so; putting her through her paces was just a part of her retraining. She'd be facing far, far worse out in the field. She felt conflicted by her emotions, but the sound of the pattering rain was doing wonders to calm the more violent aspect of her thoughts. Instead turning them to bitter memories of times gone by. Her life in service before her actions against her superior. His name had been Rhodes. She could still remember every minor detail of his face, but whenever she thought of his name it was the blood soaked stitching on his military jacket that she'd recall first. She closed her eyes, pushing tears down her cheeks, while trying to blot out the memories of him. She knew that it had been a mistake, not disobeying his orders, but having the affair with him. She had loved him, a part of her still did; but his order to execute hundreds of innocent lives? She couldn't, wouldn't obey such a thing. Their mark had been in place earlier than expected, along with many civilians, Rhodes had ordered her to blow the bridge anyway; her rigged explosives would've caused a collapse that their involvement couldn't be proven, but she refused. Rhodes and She fought for the explosive devices control, but in the end Kiz had drawn her weapon and shot him; fatally. When her eyes opened she was started to see someone standing next to her; she'd been so absorbed in the unbidden recollection that she'd not heard their approach. Let alone their presence. She tried not to let any emotions show on her face – as she did not know which emotion would be the most welcome; anger, sorrow, regret. They were all a part of the complexity that made up the being known as Kiz. \"I'm sorry about earlier, it was underhanded and unfair,\" she spoke regret without thinking. \"Life isn't fair,\" was the reply she was given. Rambo clearly hadn't dwelt on the implications of the fight, nor had he over thought her winning tactics. He just wouldn't make the same mistake with her again. As Rambo stated that life wasn't fair Kiz rose her hand to her face and touched the tender bruise on her cheek; a black eye was inevitable. \"It's just tears and rain,\" she commented oddly, her hand turning palm up to try and collect the falling drops in her hand, a smile forming on her face. She then looked to her partner, who she noticed for the first time wasn't wearing a shirt over his torso. A pendant hung around his neck; and not the customary dog-tags like she would have expected. The jade trinket piqued her curiosity, but she didn't ask. It was a personal touch Kiz guessed without have too speak about it. Trust had to be given before it was asked for, especially with personal mementos. Neither of them was at that stage in the game just yet. \"I'll see you in the morning,\" Kiz stated turning on her heel and heading back inside the bunk room; her anger had dissipated into a warped mixture of depressed serenity. Her recollections always weight heavily on her; the guilt was hers to bare. Rambo said nothing in return, and Kiz was already growing to know him well enough not to have expected one. She felt the calling of her bed luring her; knowing that the next day would bring even more difficult trials for her bruised body. It didn't take her long to fall asleep and when she did it was deep and dreamless. ","Summary":" It was a crisp October morning; the type that would chill most to the bone if they stayed out in it"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"Santa Claus The Movie: Cornelia and Joe","Author":"Pixel and Stephanie Forever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5023997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Santa Claus The Movie: Cornie and Joe It was several days after Santa and Cornie had saved Patch and Joe from certain death after Patch's flying machine had blown up, and Joe was going to stay with the elves, and Santa and his wife. Joe had asked about Cornie as he and the girl had got quite close, though he always blushed when asked about it. After the spontaneous dance that had gone up, there had been some thinking done by Santa eventually ending up when the he decided to allow her to stay with them. In fact the morning found themselves throwing snowballs at each other watched by the elves – they not knowing what snowball fights where. After all that, they had just sat in a workshop window and watched the snow falling. \"Cornie?\" Joe said, turning to his best friend. \"Yeah?\" the girl replied. \"Wanted to say thank you for being there for me\" he said. Joe had a bit of trouble thinking of the right words to say as he had come from the streets, whereas Cornie had had a proper education and everything that Joe didn't. \"Joe…\" Cornie hesitated for a moment before pressing on, \"I love you. I couldn't live with out you\" and Cornie began to cry. Joe pulled her over and embraced her in a hug. \"I love you too\" he whispered, not so that he wouldn't be heard, but so she would calm down, \"I just never wanted to say a thing in case you didn't like me\" he told her patting her on the head. \"Do you think we should tell Santa?\" Cornie asked eventually. \"I don't know\" Joe admitted, \"Why don't you think of something as you have all the smarts\" he added. \"You'll be as smart as me soon enough\" Cornie said turning to look at Joe. \"Cornelia\" Joe began, but Connie made a face. \"You know I hate my first name\" she said. \"I know and I'm sorry\" Joe said, \"But it's just the biggest achievement has been to write my own name out and to read some books meant for little kids\" and Cornie knew how sensible he was with his scrap of education. \"Well what do you say we go and practice some more?\" Cornie suggested. \"Alright\" Joe said, \"You're the only one who can ever teach me\" he added, and they went back to their little bedroom where Cornie pulled out some books, paper and pencils and she started to teach Joe. For some reason they covered more ground then they had ever done in a session, and by the time that Santa's wife came to tell them that dinner was ready Joe could know read some of Cornie's books – though not many of them but at least it was a start. \"So how was your learning today?\" Santa asked as they ate dinner – which oddly enough was stew for the 100th day running. The kids had to talk to the elves about adding something else every so often. \"It was neat\" Joe said, \"I can read some of Cornie's books now and I can write a lot of stuff as well. Oh yeaaaah, I nearly forgot. I can do sums as well!\" and Joe sounded every bit as pleased as he ought to be. \"That's impressive\" Santa said, and Anya agreed. When they where done, the kids went to their bedroom and read some of the books that Santa has snuck out of Cornie's Uncle's house, before it had been searched by the cops looking for incriminating evidence for the trial. \"Children?\" Dooley stuck his head round the doorframe, \"Santa says it time for bed\" and he went off trusting them like he always did. \"Of course theres no time here because of the magic surrounding this place\" Cornie said as she and Joe put away the books and other stuff. Cornie and Joe took turns in the bathroom to change for bed (Joe being a gentleman and letting Cornie go first), and the pair climbed into their beds which was perfectly warm. As he watched Cornie's sleeping form, he knew he had done the right thing by telling the girl he loved her. It was almost her birthday and Joe was wondering what exactly he could get her as the nearest shop was over a thousand miles away. As he lay awake thinking, he saw her turn over and put her arm out over something that wasn't there and Joe suddenly knew what it was. He crept out of bed and put on his clothes and made his way over to the workshop, and Joe quickly gathered the stuff he needed to do what he wanted to do. He set it all on the workbench furthest from the part where Santa, his wife, Cornie and Joe, and the elves lived and set to work. It was hard work making the dolls head go round, and he wasn't exactly the best toy clothes maker in the world but he was well and truly proud of the job. He had spent almost all night working on it, and only just managed to sneak back into bed before anyone noticed and before Cornie woke up. A/N: So what if it isn't Christmas? I'm posting it now! This is based on Santa Claus: The Movie and concerns the two kids Cornie and Joe who seemed to like each other very much. It is set after the final scene in the movie where Joe asks about what will happen to Cornie. Cornie asks to stay and is allowed to do so. I always wondered (even as a 6 year old) what would happen to the pair, so I'm writing this as a sort of continuation. Be re-assured that it will not be as long as \"Harry Potter True Friends\" will end up being. Please leave kind reviews. Bad reviewers will be used to power the Elf Heating System that Patch designed. Reviews in the normal manner. Regards: Pixel[Chapter 2] Birthday Surprises Cornie woke and saw that Joe was missing, but that didn't concern her all that much as Joe was often up first. After clearing her head of sleep, she got up and had a bath and then dressed. The elves she saw said hello to her and she replied in the kind. When she got to the room that served as a dining room, Cornie saw masses and masses of presents. \" HAPPY BIRTHDAY, CORNELIA! \" said Santa, Anya, Dooley, Patch and of course, Joe. Cornie hugged each of her friends, and was kissed by Joe on the cheek. \"Thank you\" she said, and then looked at the piles of presents. \"I can't wait to open those\" the girl added. \"First of all\" Santa said, \"You have cards to open\" and Santa gestured to a few cards on the table. Cornie went over and opened the first which was from Santa and Anya. The second was from Dooley, and written in an intricate script. \"That must have taken you ages\" Cornie said. \"Well…\" Dooley said, \"I've had a few years or so to practice\" and Cornie and Joe laughed. The next card was from Patch who had drawn Cornie on the front, and she thanked the elf for his kindness. The last card had been made by Joe, and it was on some lilac and pink card. It had a stick figure of herself and Joe on the front, and she opened it to look at the inside. HAPPY BIRTHDAY it proclaimed in bunched up and scrawled letters though Cornie didn't mind. \"Thanks, Joe\" she said leaning over and kissing him on the cheek. \"Glad you liked it\" Joe said, blushing and scratching the back of his neck in embarrassment. After a birthday breakfast of Pancakes and home made syrup, it was time for the presents to be opened. She got quite a lot of things this year from her new friends. Clothes from the Clauses, toys and books from the elves and a wrapped box from Joe. \"Whats in it?\" she asked him. \"Have a look\" Joe told her, and Cornie slowly unwrapped the paper and open the box. She pulled out a homemade wooden doll with clothes to match. The head of the doll was ever so slightly flat on one side, but the girl didn't mind. \"This is great\" she said, and hugged Joe. \"So you like it then?\" he asked when they pulled away. \"Of course\" Smiled Cornie, \"But how did you make it?\" she asked. \"I watched the elves in the workshop and asked a question here and there\" Joe replied grinning. \"So that's why the elves were all puzzled by your questions\" Dooley said. \"We did find it odd at the time\" Patch agreed, \"I mean we had explained it all to Joe before\" and Joe nodded. \"I just wanted to get it right, that's all\" he said. \"Well I think it is a lovely present\" Anya said, looking at the doll. \"Almost as good as anything that I can do\" Santa added, smiling broadly. Santa had to leave later because he had to talk with the Ancient Elf about that years Christmas deliveries. As much as they wanted to, the pair had decided to stay in the lodge built onto the side of the workshop. While talking on the big couch, it turned out that in his entire life Joe had never had somebody to read him a story. She went back to the bedroom and returned with a big book of stories which looked to Joe as if it was one of her favourites. \"You want some hot chocolate?\" Joe asked before Cornie started. \"Great!\" she said smiling, \"That would be great\" and Joe poured her some from a large jug that was on the stove. \"There you go\" he said handing over a mug full for her and one for himself too. As he watched Cornie drink, Joe saw her frown slightly. \"Is there something wrong?\" he asked her. \"Nothing\" she replied. \"Don't lie\" Joe said. \"I'm finding it a little bit hard to leave my old house, and things, and come and start an almost new life here\" Cornie replied. \"I miss some of my stuff like the dolls house, my other books and everything else. Everyone thinks I've run off or am dead\" Cornie added, and Joe hugged the girl warmly. \"You never know what you will get for Christmas\" he said. \"Yes I will\" Cornie replied, \"I live here remember, and I can simply ask Santa\" she pointed out. \"Darn\" Joe laughed. After they had gone to bed, Joe waited for Cornie to be fully asleep before leaving the bedroom and hunting down Santa and his wife. \"What's the matter, Joe?\" Santa asked him. \"I was wondering if you could get the rest of Cornie's things. I know she misses her toy house, and her old dolls, clothes and books\" Joe said. \"It could be a bit dangerous\" Santa said. \"The reindeer have had only a few weeks rest\" he added. \"But you and Cornie did it when you saved me and Patch from death\" Joe countered. \"And it isn't as if you would be getting them to do any fancy moves or anything\" he finished. \"What do you think, Anya?\" he asked his wife. \"It might be safer now that those policemen in that city of Cornie's and Joe's have stopped looking over the house\" replied Anya. \"And you could go straight there, so the reindeer will not get tired quickly\" Joe said. He and Anya argued the case and to Santa's surprise even Dooley made mention that it might make the girl much happier if she had more of her own things. \"Alright\" Santa said, giving in to the request. \"Hitch up the reindeer and we'll leave in fifteen minutes\" and Dooley left to give the orders to the elves who prepared the magic food that the deer ate in order for them to fly. Patch got the deer ready to fly and hitched up to the sleigh, and Joe dressed quietly before meeting Santa in the launch area – almost completely empty of toys since it was so near to the last Christmas that had passed. After saying the words, the deer, Santa and Joe all went into the air and sped towards New York City. It took very little time as time slowed for Santa, though Joe wasn't quite sure how that worked exactly. What he did know was that the sleigh sped through the night and landed on the roof of Cornelia's Uncle's house somewhere near Central Park. Using his magical powers, Santa and Joe went down the chimney and into Cornie's old room. \"I don't think we can fit everything in here into the sleigh\" Joe said. \"You forget that I carry a present for every good boy and girl in the world without going back to get more\" Santa said. Joe and Santa got to work with packing things into boxes which the pair had brought with them. Santa dealt with the toys – he being a skilled maker of toys of course – and Joe put all of Cornie's clothes into the other boxes. He blushed when he got to the drawer containing Cornie's underwear – though he managed to live through the experience. \"I'm done\" Joe said, picking up the last box to taken up to the waiting sleigh. \"What's that?\" Santa asked, pointing at a small statue that had been left on the windowsill and Joe looked to where Santa was pointing. \"I know that!\" he said suddenly. \"It's from an old British children's show – Captain Scarlet. That's one of the characters – Destiny Angel\" he said. \"Well this angel nearly didn't get back home\" Santa said, and placed it in the nearest box. It took nearly no time at all to load the sleigh with all the boxes, and the pair set off back towards the North Pole. Once they had arrived, Joe was too tired to sleep so he waited and watched the snow fall over the snow covered ground of the Arctic. He didn't know how long he sat watching the snow fall, until someone jumped him from behind. \"BOO!\" said a girl's voice. \"Mornie Cornie\" Joe said, using a joke he had come up with. \"Lovely day\" Cornie said. \"Tons of snow, impossible to pass through without special help…\" Joe laughed, \"Just like New York\" and Cornie agreed. \"They'd be going back to school by now\" she said, thinking about the school she had attended. \"Well I've never been to a school before, so I can't say what it feels like\" Joe said. \"I know\" Cornie said softly, \"I prefer it here anyway. Everyone who cares for me is here. Santa and Mrs Claus and all the elves are like a family to me\" she added. Joe turned his head to look at her for a long while before answering. \"I never knew what it was to have someone care for me until I met you\" he said seriously, and before he knew what was going on, Cornelia leant over and kissed Joe gently on the lips. \"Wow!\" Joe exclaimed, \"I've never been kissed by a girl before\" and Cornie giggled. \"Kissed by a boy then?\" she asked, raising her eyebrows slightly. \"NO!\" Joe said loudly, though he was laughing all the same. He looked at the watch he had been given by Patch and he decided it was time. \"Come with me\" he told Cornie. They walked hand in hand until they got back to their bedroom, and Cornie was confused. \"What are we doing here?\" she asked, \"We're not going to 'do it' are we?\" she continued. \"Nothing like that\" Joe assured her, and told her to close her eyes. The girl complied and Joe opened the door and led her into the bedroom. He stopped her in the middle of the room. \"Now open them\" Joe said, and Cornie did so at once. \"Oh my…\" Cornie was reduced to speechlessness as she saw what looked to be like her room at her Uncle's town house. Everything was recreated exactly as she knew it would be if it was back in New York. \"How did you do all this?\" Cornie asked Joe. \"I knew that you felt a little unhappy, so me and Santa went back to your Uncle's house while you were sleep and packed up all the stuff we could get our hands on in your room. The elves waited until you left the room to put it all in the right place\" Joe said, and Cornie hugged and thanked the boy for his thoughtfulness. Although Joe was comfortable around Cornie – who he secretly had a crush on – he still wasn't used to getting affection of a girl and he blushed bright red. Cornie saw his reaction and giggled like the little girl that she was. \"Stop it\" Joe huffed. \"I'm sorry\" Cornie apologised. \"Thank you for what you did\" she added softly. \"Anything for a friend\" Joe said, \"You gave me food all the time when I came to your house, you used to see me often just to talk and give me some sweets, you took me in from the rain, and most importantly you helped to save my life. After what you did, it was the least I could do\" the boy finished, shrugging to show he had nothing else to say. \"'Least of all a friend\" he said as an after thought. Cornie hesitated before speaking aloud what she had been silently thinking. \"Joe?\" Cornie started. \"Yeah?\" replied the boy. \"Do you think that we can be anything more then just friends?\" Cornie asked. Joe looked at her oddly, and Cornie was afraid that she had said the wrong thing. \"I was afraid that you didn't like me in that sense\" Joe said, \"I love you Cornelia\" he stumbled over the next few words – having only seen, read, and heard them from a book. \"I would be honoured to be your boyfriend\" and the new couple hugged each other and kissed gently on the lips. \"Now that was a kiss\" Cornie said, drawing Joe closer to her for another go. All the time this was going on, she felt butterflies doing a flying demonstration in her stomach and her lips tingled with Joe's own touching them. A/N: That's the second chapter which has been a right old bugger to complete I can tell you that! I hope you like this and that you found it nice and fluffy. Just to let you know about ages. Cornie: 11 years old. Joe: 11 years old. So if anyone expects to have them doing anything else then kissing and holding hands is/was in for a disappointment! Next chapter will skip a couple of years, and will involve a big and happy event. Leave nice comments – if not then Santa will not give you any presents this year. Regards: Pixel[Chapter 3] Yet More Surprises Cornelia spent a lot of time with Joe after that, and she helped Joe to catch up on his reading. He was now almost as good as her, and his writing was coming on great too. The elves watched as the girl helped a struggling Joe labour over difficult words, though they didn't understand why they didn't ask for elf magic in getting Joe's literacy skills as good as Cornelia's. Joe had replied that he was well aware that they elves could do it with a snap of their fingers, or just thinking about it, but this was something he wanted to do. The boy wanted to feel like he had done it by hard work and not by any little trick. The elves had stroked their beards and gone off muttering about human oddities. It was a long and drawn out process, but they managed to complete their goal, and the two kids celebrated by Cornelia giving Joe a kiss on the cheek and then going outside to build a giant snowman. This was sometimes the highlight of the days as there were not a lot of parks or playgrounds at the North Pole for them to use. This made Joe think about something, and the pair of them could be seen going around the workshops looking for something. \"I've found it\" Cornelia said one day. Joe turned round from where he was to see her looking in an open door. He went over to look at what appeared to be an unoccupied workshop. It was quite a lot smaller then what they had seen before, and seemed as if it had been abandoned after the larger workshop had been constructed. The two of them went off in search of an elf, and came upon Dooley. \"Hello you two\" he said, \"Is there something I can do for you?\" the head elf asked. \"We went looking around because we got slightly bored\" Joe said. \"And we found a small workshop that's been cleared out\" Cornelia finished. \"Oh that\" Dooley said, \"Yes, we moved everything into the big workshop after we finished building it. We didn't need this one anymore, but we never got round to disassembling it\" he finished. Then his brow wrinkled as if in thought. \"Why did you ant to know?\" he asked. \"Well we're bored\" Cornelia said. \"Bored?\" Dooley's surprise was clear in his voice. \"I was under the impression that you enjoyed living here\" and the two children nodded. \"We do like living here\" Joe said, \"But there is no chance that we could simply go back to New York and go to see a movie. I don't have any money, but maybe I could, but Cornie couldn't. She would be spotted the moment she stated walking around the city\" and he put an arm around his girlfriend. \"I see\" Dooley said. \"Well if you want to run around in here, I would think that it is perfectly fine to do so. 'The place is yours' as you mortals would say\" and the two of them stiffened slightly. They didn't like being reminded that although they lived at the North Pole with the elves, Santa and his wife, they did not get protected by whatever magic made them immortal. When they questioned Dooley about it, the elf had admitted that even he didn't know. Even Patch had not been able to explain it, and the one time they had spoken to the Ancient elf, he had refused to tell them, only that he wouldn't afford them the protection. Joe had called the Ancient Elf \"Burgess\", and when asked why Joe replied because he looked like a Burgess. He still puzzled her at times, but she accepted it as how he was and liked him for it. Though they got on well, sometimes one would say something that didn't make sense to her. The girl assumed it was because he had a different background and upbringing to herself. \"Thanks\" said Cornelia, and the two of them walked off hand in hand. They went to the workshop where they managed to scrounge a tape measure from the elves, then off to their bedroom to get some paper and a pencil. They went back to the workshop, and started taking measurements of the room. They were only 11 years old, but they knew something about construction, and they knew it was good to have plans of a room before doing anything to it. Once they had drawn a small version of the room, Joe and Cornelia took measurements and noted them down. After that, they decided to make plans as only kids can do, and went back to eat and think about stuff. Joe had a problem when he figured that the elves didn't ever make what the pair wanted. When he remarked that it was a pity that Cornelia couldn't just get some money from what her parents had left her, the girl suddenly thought of something. # \"Can I talk to you?\" she asked. \"Well of course you can\" Santa said, and he put down the list he was reading and turned in his seat to face her. \"I need your help\" Cornelia began. \"I know have all my stuff from my room at the house in New York, but…\" the girl stopped. \"Yes?\" pushed Santa gently. \"Well my parents left me a lot of money when they died, but my Step Uncle said they had told him to give me it when I turned 16\" Cornelia said, \"And well now that he is most likely dead, I guess that I can get the money\" she finished. \"You want to leave the North Pole?\" asked Santa. \"Yes and no\" was the reply, \"My uncle said that I was getting private lessons before his whole thing happened, so nobody saw me for a few weeks. I was wondering if you could take me back to New York and help me to buy some stuff\" and when Cornelia had stopped speaking, Santa looked slightly confused. \"Is that all you want my help for?\" he asked, not quite getting what she was on about. \"Well it would look very odd if I was on my own, so I was wondering if you could pose as some kind of lawyer person so that I an get the money\" she replied, \"I don't want to be greedy, but I just want some to have\" and Cornelia explained in further what her plan was. For an 11 year old, Santa thought, she sure was intelligent. \"I think I might be able to help you\" he said, and the man promised to help her soon. He would have to speak to Dooley about the reindeer, but with a full team now available, it might not be so bad. If they took a little supply of the magic hay they ate, then it might just be possible. # \"What did you see Santa about?\" Joe asked when he saw her again. \"It's a secret\" replied Cornelia. Joe made a face before looking back out the window he was looking at. For the whole day, it had been snowing, but then again it always did. \"You okay, Joe?\" Cornelia asked. \"I guess\" Joe said faintly. He looked out the window for a few moments before turning his back on it. \"I just wonder about what we are going to do when we are both older. I mean we're not covered by whatever is protecting the elves and Santa and his wife… I just wonder where we will live. I mean this place is great and all, but I wouldn't want to live here all my life\" and Cornelia nodded. \"I know what you mean\" she said, \"But I guess my step uncle's house is mine now. Actually it is my house - he just lived there for nothing at all. When we want to leave here, we can move to there\" and Joe smiled and gave her a tight hug. \"Thanks Cornie\" he said. \"I didn't know my parents for long until the accident. Then I was put with foster parents for sometime, but they didn't treat me right. That's why I ran away and lived on the streets for a few years\" and his girlfriend simply listened. Even now, he didn't talk much about what had happened to his natural parents. She led him to the seat under the window and they both sat down. \"Will you tell me what happened?\" Cornelia asked, putting an arm around Joe. He actually seemed to freeze for a moment, but then he started to talk. \"We lived in a little house in the Bronx. My dad owned a store, and my mom would stay at home and look after me. One day we went out to see an airshow which was pretty cool. But on the way back, we got hit by a truck and slammed into the divider. The truck's brakes had broke and he was trying to get to a stop, but he hit us instead of something that would stop him safely. My parents died in the crash, but I wasn't touched at all\" and Cornelia held him as he started to cry. It was a fair while before he stopped and apologised for crying in front of her. Cornelia told him it didn't matter and that it helps to talk about difficult things. He wiped his eyes before looking at her. \"I know this sounds really cheesy and al, but wherever you are, that's what I will call home\" and his girlfriend smiled as he leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek. \"To cheer you up, I'll tell you what my secret was going to be\" Cornelia said, and she told Joe about everything that she had spoken to Santa about. \"Cornie? Do you mind if I come too?\" he asked. \"Of course, but you would have to wear something a bit smarter then what you are wearing now\" Cornelia pointed out. \"What's wrong with what I wear?\" Joe asked. Cornelia didn't reply – better to be safe then sorry she wisely thought. # \"We are going to be late\" Cornelia said. She was standing in front of the door that led to the bathroom. \"I'm not going\" Joe's voice drifted through the door. \"Why not?\" asked Cornelia. She had looked through all of the clothes he now owned, and had found nothing wrong with what she had selected. The door opened and she could see Joe dressed in what she had chosen for him. \"I look like a penguin\" he complained. Cornelia looked at him and gave a little giggle. \"Well it is the best I could do\" she pointed out. Joe looked at his friend and decided that she was right, and that he couldn't really be angry or upset at her. \"I'm sorry\" he said. \"I'm just not used to your world, you know that Cornie\" and the girl nodded. \"Well it will only be for a little while\" she said to him, \"Then you can get back into your normal clothes\" and Joe perked up no end. They held each other's hand as they went off to the launch tunnel. Santa was waiting for them in normal looking suit – made by the elf that did all the tailoring for the inhabitants of the workshop. Santa looked a little slimmer as well, but that might have been elf magic. The two kids didn't know exactly what was possible. The trio climbed into the sleigh and, with a full team of reindeer, headed out into the night. \"There's one thing I'm glad of about going out on the sleigh\" Joe said. \"What's that?\" asked Santa. \"When this sleigh goes out, then time slows down\" Joe replied. Santa glanced at him, and wondered about the two. He and Anya had never had children of their own, so he didn't quite know what to do with Cornelia and Joe. They certainly made good friends, and he hoped that the pair would remain friends for a long time. He knew, as well the pair, that the powers kept them all exactly the same age as they were when they entered the workshops, did not extend to the children. He, Anya, Dooley and the elves knew that one day they would leave – and that would be sad for all. They could come for a little while on a visit, but Santa knew it would only be for a little while. Because of their immortality, Santa and his wife never had any children either, so they would never have grandchildren to love and cherish. They had the chance to find experience a little of what it would have been like, but it was still not enough. He kept his thoughts to himself as he watched the two looking over the side of the sleigh at the scenery rushing underneath them. # To save on any complications, the sleigh was parked on the roof of what was now Cornelia's house. Once inside the building, the girl phoned for a taxi to take them to her family's solicitors. While they waited, Cornelia went into the basement where she knew a copy of the will of her parents was kept. By some miracle, the police had missed it during the search of the house, and so she collected it with her. She didn't doubt that her step uncle had altered it so that she got nothing at all. Upon arrival at the rather impressive offices on Wall Street, the trio went up to the receptionist. \"May I help you?\" she said to them. \"I'd like to see a Mr H Potter\" Cornelia said. \"Do you have an appointment?\" \"No, but tell him that Miss Cornelia Marie Summer wants to speak to him. He will know who I am\" \"Very well\" said the receptionist, and she made a phone call to an office. \"Yes sir… she is… with a man and a boy… the man looks to be some kind of person in authority… I'll send them up\" and the woman put the phone down. \"Mr Potter will see you now. His office is on the 30th floor\" and she pointed out the lifts. \"You're scary when you sound posh\" Joe said as they went up the lift and to the correct floor. \"A little politeness gets your everywhere\" Cornelia replied. \"Right…\" said Joe. The lift went directly to the right floor, and they got out and stood in the middle of a large office complex. The offices of the lawyers themselves went along two sides of the wall, with the office workers in the middle. A tall black haired man came towards them, and he shook Cornelia's hand. As he bent down, the two children thought they saw a lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead, but they couldn't be certain. \"I'm wish we could meet under different circumstances\" the man said, \"My name is Potter… Harry Potter. You must be Cornelia\" and the girl nodded and shook his hand. \"This is one of my teachers, Mr Claus\" Cornelia said, and Potter raised an eyebrow. \"Santa?\" he asked. \"You wouldn't know how many times I've been called that\" Santa said, giving a little chuckle. \"And this is my best friend Joe\" and Joe put his hand out to shake Potter's. \"When I heard that you was coming to see me, I went to get all the relevant paperwork. I assume that you don't want to go over them at this moment in time\" Potter said. \"No\" Cornelia said. \"Well I'll make it simple then. It seems that when your parents died, your parents left instructions that their will was to be read without your presence. They requested that you got what you was supposed to get at a later date\" and Potter handed over some paperwork. It matched what the trio had read on the way over from the house. \"Wow…\" Joe said. \"This is most interesting\" Santa said. Cornelia rubbed her eyes and looked at the paperwork again. If she was reading this right, then she was worth several million dollars. They dealt with a great many details, but Cornelia as assured that she could instantly access the money later that day. When it came to contact details, Santa came to the help. He said that all letters should be addressed to her house, and they would find their way to her. This seemed to satisfy Potter who gave Cornelia all the paperwork he had, keeping a copy for the vaults. Once the meeting was over with, they went downstairs, and took a cab to the bank where Cornelia handed over a letter explaining who she was, and what she wanted. They left the bank later with a few hundred thousand in cash. A trip to a toy store was next, with a visit to a shop Cornelia knew sold exactly what she and Joe wanted in the way of furniture. They arranged to have it all delivered to the house. Then they went back to the toy shop where they had another look around. Santa marvelled at all of the toys that could be in factories, and Cornelia went looking for Joe who had gone off in search of some models. When he found what he wanted, he loaded several model planes and a couple of spaceships into the large trolley they had driven round the store. Cornelia wondered why, since it was an air show his parents had died on the way back from. They went round to the Arts and Crafts section and brought a gross lot of paint brushes – at least the elves would no longer have to use their beards to paint all the toys this year. They paid for everything, and then returned home and awaited the arrival of the stuff. Joe balked at the sight of the receipts, but then he reasoned it was because he didn't have much money on the streets. Any he did have was spent trying to keep warm and alive. The delivery men came at the requested times, and they followed the instructions to put everything in the large drawing room. Once they had gone, Santa touched his nose and everyone and everything was in the sleigh – ready for the ride back. When they arrived at the North Pole, several of the elves helped them load the stuff into carts which Cornelia and Joe pulled back and forth between the launch tunnel and the old workshop. They let everyone know that they claimed the place as their own private domain, and that it reminded them of the life they also lived. They filled the room up with everything they had brought, and the pair of them started to put things in certain places. Soon, a few large cushions littered the floor in the middle of the old workshop with pictures that the two kids had made on the walls. A pair of large wooden tables sat against one wall with paints and glue and stuff on a few shelves that Patch had made and put up for them. \"There\" Joe said at last, \"\"I think that'll do it\" and he and Cornelia looked at their handiwork. The two of them had worked for hours putting everything where they wanted it to go, and now they felt completely tired. They forced themselves to have dinner before heading straight to bed. The pair changed into nightclothes and then climbed into the deep and inviting bed. # \"Anya?\" \"Something troubling you, Claus?\" Santa's wife replied. \"Do you ever regret agreeing to come here?\" he asked. \"Do you ever regret not having children and grandchildren?\" and Anya considered this for a moment or two. \"There are times I wondered what would have happened if we had not come here\" she admitted, \"But I don't think of it often. Not for the last few hundred years or so at least\" Anya replied. \"Why do you ask?\" she pressed her husband. \"I just wondered\" Santa replied, \"Because I was thinking about Cornelia and Joe. The magic that keeps us alive in this place will not extend to them; you know what the Ancient Elf said. if you was to step outside the protection of elves, then you'd age in an instant. I only go out because I am Santa Claus\" and he sat down in the large armchair by the fireplace. \"That isn't the thing that is disturbing you is it?\" his wife said. Spending at least four or five hundred years had taught Anya to read her husband's moods. \"No\" Santa agreed, \"I only want happiness for them both, but I regret the day that they decide to leave here. One day, they will want to leave…\" and his voice trailed off as he stared into the fire. # Joe felt Cornelia shift beside him, and one of her arms flopped over his chest. He was well aware tat it wasn't normal for a boy and a girl to share the same bed together, but they both trusted each other, and they found the idea of anything other then kissing icky. Joe thought about the future, and as he did so, he noticed something in the corner of his eye. He flipped his head round and saw a rapidly vanishing light. Now he would have forgotten about it, but it had been in the shape of a woman. The most confusing and puzzling thing was that Joe suddenly thought he had seen his mother. A/N: This is also the first fic in the Santa Claus: The Movie section – I requested it to be added to the movies section. I made up the stuff about Joe as nothing was explained about his background in the movie. I also made up Cornie's middle and last names as nothing was given in the film, but I doubt it is her step uncles… surname. And yes, there is a little crossover with my Harry Potter works here. I always add references to other stuff in the HP fics I write, why not do the same with them for a change? Leave nice comments – if not then Santa will not give you any presents this year. Regards: Pixel ","Summary":" Santa Claus The Movie: Cornie and Joe It was several days after Santa and Cornie had saved Patch an"},{"Movie":"Santa Claus","Title":"love blooms for all","Author":"MiniDerdgeTitchyNUN","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6589898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (N/A: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SANTA CLAUSE CHARACTERS I ONLY OWN MY OC'S) Zoë woke with something licking her, a dog? She thought, she sat up and looked around the room. There were a load of Elves all around her room with a jolly looking fat man and a slim blonde smiling, her parents, Santa and carol clause. And next to them a short chubby elf 'Curtis' and a tall black-haired elf Bernard \"happy birthday!\" everyone shouted. Zoë smiled and started stroking the snowy-coloured dog. \"That's from me and you mother\" Santa said wrapping his arm around his wife. \"thank you\" the brown headed girl said from her 'sleigh' shaped bed. All the elves formed a line and gave there happy birthday cards to her and then they left to get back to work. Now all that remained in the large 'toy filled' room was Zoë, Santa, carol (Mrs. Clause/mom), Curtis and Bernard. Everyone smiled and sat on the bed with Zoë. \"Wow\" Mrs. Clause began. \"Your 17, my little girl is growing up\" Santa looked over to Curtis. \"What-oh\" he smiled, Bernard rolled his eyes the focused them on Zoë. Curtis got out a small package from his pocket. She smiled. \"Thank you\" she said. And carefully tore the wrapping paper away she pulled out a pink collar, \"it's for your dog obviously\" she half-laughed while she put the collar on her new puppy. \"What are you going to name her?\" Santa asked. \"Snow\" she smiled. Everyone smiled at the dog. Santa and Mrs. Clause looked over to Bernard, they both exchanged glances, they both weren't immune to rumours around the workshop, all three, Santa, Carol and Curtis knew that Bernard 'liked' Zoë and that Zoë 'liked' him. \"Scott we better go remember that thing?\" Santa (scott) looked at her confused then his eyebrows shot up. \"Ah yes that thing, um, Curtis could you come with us a minute about that thing you know\" Curtis looked at them confused but then he saw Mrs. Clause looking back and forth Bernard and Zoë then a burst or realisation came to him. \"Ah yes that thing we better get to it right away\" all three shot of before Bernard or Zoë could asked any questions. They were left alone they sat in silence for a few minutes unaware that Santa, Carol and Curtis were listing and watching in on them. Then Bernard finally broke the silence \"so your seventeen now\" \"yeah, I guess. In 'human years' we would be around the same age, because your what now?\" \"17,000 so yeah it, we would\" they sat in silence again, then Bernard got a small box in wrapping paper out from his bag. \"happy, birthday\" he said, Zoë smiled and began removing the paper, until she held a small white box she opened it and smiled, \"oh my gosh, it beautiful.\" In her hand was a gold necklace with a heart-shaped pendant. \"oh thank you Bernard\" she gave him a kiss on the cheek, he smiled as she tried to get it on but failed. \"let me\" he said, she gave him the necklace and turned he wrapped the necklace around her neck then she picked her hair up out of the way so he could clip it on, when he did she dropped her hair and turned back around to face him. \"Bernard I, I've been meaning to tell you something but I'm scared that you won't-\" \"Just say it\" \"I love you\" He replied in a second of finishing. \"I love you too\" she smiled and embraced him with a kiss. When they broke apart Bernard said. \"I've got to go you know loads of work to do, that's what you get for being head elf.\" They both laughed. He got up and made for the door and opened it to find Santa, Carol and Curtis falling to the floor. \"You were spying on us?\" Zoë asked, all three got up and backed away slowly and ran. But both Zoë and Bernard remained were they stood trying to hold back laughter but failing. :Authors note: i hope you enjoyed my fic i will be updating as soon as i can plz leave comments of what you think this is my first fic so plz be nice thx xxxx[Chapter 2] (N/A: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SANTA CLAUSE CHARACTERS I ONLY OWN MY OC'S) Curtis, Santa and Carol ran to the 'main room' and called for everyone's attention quickly, \"Ok\" Santa began. \"we don't know for sure...well we do, but my daughter Zoë and Bernard the head elf might just be a thing\" Everyone started whispering and talking to each other, they couldn't believe it. \"right every one settle down please, Bernard and Zoë only know that we know, but they don't know that you know, so please... stare all you like stir them up a bit ..I know it's not right but... when was the last time we had some fun, so spread the word but don't let those two know that you know and that we told you ok?\" everyone was smiling and giggling, some (girls) weren't that happy about it but promised to not tell them, \"right back to work\" everyone hurried back to their work stations. Santa, Carol and Curtis walked back to Santa's office; Curtis went over to the table and looked through his book with a face, a face that told him something not right in this, while Santa and Carol walked to his desk. \"Can you believe it? My... Our little girl in love, with the head elf, who is just taller than her, isn't it wonderful?\" \"Yes it is. It truly is\" \"Uh-oh\" Curtis spoke. \"What is it Curtis?\" Santa and Carol asked \"There's a problem\" \"With what?\" said Santa? \"Bernard and Zoë\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Look here\" he pointed to a small paragraph. Everyone look at each other their mouths opened but nothing. Then Santa finally spoke \"we must tell them, now\" they nodded, Curtis went over to the communicator will was wired to every speaker in the workshop. \"Could Bernard Arch elf and Zoë Clause daughter of Santa please come to Santa's office it is an emergency!\" Bernard PVO I was just on my way to my office after Zoë and myself found Santa Carol and Curtis spying on us, when they ran me and Zoë burst out with laughter, after that I stayed a while as she asked me what she should wear today, it went well, so as I walk to my office I notice a lot of elves staring at me giggling and whispering, so I get in my office and start on my paperwork oh how I love this I said sarcastically to myself about half an hour into my paper work I hear Curtis on the communicator as he said Could Bernard Arch elf and Zoë Clause daughter of Santa please come to Santa's office it is an emergency! So I did the natural thing I ran to Santa's office Zoë's PVO Dad, Mom and Curtis fell to the floor \"you were spying on us?\" I asked they slowly got up walked backwards and ran. Well I and Bernard couldn't hold it in we burst out laughing. I got out of bed and went over to Bernard and hugged him from behind we both smiled and slowly finished laughing, he then spun around and pulled my body to his even though I was only a little shorter than him he was looking down then he kissed me, when we broke apart i went to my wardrobe \"What should I wear?\" He groaned \"I'm not good with this kind of stuff\" he complained \"Ok.. which do you like better\" I held up to dresses, a long frilly black one and a green and blue knee high dress. \"That one\" he pointed to the green and blue one, I smiled good choice I said to myself mentally. \"Well I got to go ok? I'll see you later?\" he gave me a small kiss on the cheek and ran out I when and took a shower then i put on the dress and my high heel shoes, so I could be near enough the same high as Bernard. But then as I laid on my bed looking at the ceiling which was painted like the northern lights the communicator went and it said Could Bernard Arch elf and Zoë Clause daughter of Santa please come to Santa's office it is an emergency! So I got up from my bed and ran to Dads office NO ONES PVO Zoë ran into Santa's office to greeted by Santa, carol, Curtis and Bernard \"What's going on\" she asked \"Yeah why are we here?\" \"There's a problem\" Curtis replied. \"Well for you two it's a big one\"[Chapter 3] (N/A: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SANTA CLAUSE CHARACTERS I ONLY OWN MY OC'S) Curtis pushed the book towards Zoë and Bernard Then Santa, Carol and Curtis came up behind them. \"Read it\" Santa said to Bernard. Bernard shook his head then Curtis stepped in, and read: if a male/female elf and a male/female human feel a love for one another then it must be taken up by the council but if this male/female/ human is the son/daughter of Santa clause/ father Christmas/Chris cringle ect... then both parents of the elf and human must approve of them being together or they must split if they do not comply then the both must be banished or the elf becomes human and they both live in the non-magic world. Zoë and Bernard stared at the book no one spoke for a while, and then Bernard broke the silence. \"So basically me and Zoë must go visit my mother and father for them to approve of Zoë\" \"yes and no\" Curtis said, everyone looked at him, \"read the small print\" he gave Bernard a magnifying glass and read \" If the case is that the human is the daughter of Santa clause. Then the male elf's parents must come to the home of the girl, if it is opposite then it is switched around \"Makes sense\" said Bernard \"So I'm guessing you'll have to go Wright a letter to them\" Zoë said as she turned to look at Bernard. \"Yeah\" he replied nodding his head. \"This is not going to go well\" \"How come?\" everyone asked. \"Well... you see my parents have always been strict with me... and they don't approve of humans just because of a little incident when I was 2000, trust me you do not want to know... I still got the scars, any way they didn't even want me to take the position of Arch elf\" \"Well maybe we could turn them around see that humans aren't so bad after all, and I should know near enough everything about humans\" everyone gave a light chuckle \"And there's another problem\" \"What?\" Zoë asked \"Well... when...if they come which they should... there's going to be a screaming little elf here as well\" he look around the table(everyone went back to their seats) \"How old is he?\" Curtis asked \"100...200?\" \"Know... he's a newborn...9 months\" \"Were in trouble\" Curtis said as he stared at Bernard, who had his worried face on. \"I don't understand\" Carol said. Every one could see that Curtis was in shock and couldn't speak so Bernard explained \"There like the devil... well until there 50 from then on their quiet, then when they reach 100 there pretty much normal, but the newborns are the worst, they bite, scream, they have twice the temper tantrums as a human baby, their ears are pointer, there just impossible!\" Zoë laughed, \"do you know what I just realized that you used to be like that\" everyone laughed \"Hey What about Curtis he's 900, he's barely came out of that faze\" everyone remained laughing. When everyone calmed down Santa turned to Bernard and asked. \"So Bernard you keep in touch with you family regularly\" \"Yes I do\" everyone nodded. \"Well better get back to work lots to do today\" \"Yes come on now\" Said Santa. Everyone went back to what they had to do, while Zoë followed Bernard. \"You might need some help today\" she smiled at him \"Are you kidding me, I need help everyday\" they laughed and walked to Bernard's office. \"So could you get started on those forms please\" he pointed to a pile of forms on the floor which was about the height of a normal sized elf (not Bernard) \"Ok\" she dragged the forms to the wall and sat next to them she got a pen and started work on them, while Bernard started writing a letter to his parents when he was finally done he put the letter in an envelope wrote on it and called for shayleigh, the 'mail girl' god I hope this goes well he thought to him self.[Chapter 4] (N/A: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SANTA CLAUSE CHARACTERS I ONLY OWN MY OC'S) It's been 1 week since Bernard wrote a letter to his parents basically saying that he loves a 'human' who is the daughter of Santa clause and that they must come approve of her so they could be together. And he hoped that they would see fit and approve, but he knew there was a greater chance of them not... and he would gladly become human for her, which he told her a little while after he sent the letter, and she hoped that he wouldn't have to, and she told him that which led to some 'kissing' and 'kind' words it would have gone on for hours if Judy Haden knocked on the door with hot coco then it could have led on to more, anyway Santa, Carol, Zoë, Curtis and all the Elves noticed Bernard was acting a little... strange so Santa called a 'group' meeting. Everyone sat around the table in silence. Then Santa spoke up \"Bernard, we've noticed that... well you've been acting strange and almost scared, why?\" \"Well you see... they replied\" \"What do you mean?\" Santa asked, everyone looked at Bernard confused. \"Well they weren't that happy when I said that... 'I love a human'\" everyone nodded. \"And...They're coming... today\" everyone stared at him. \"What time?\" Zoë asked, but before Bernard could replied someone spoke on the communicator : could Bernard arch elf please come to the main gate you have 3 visitors: \"Now\" he said. \"I'll go...calm them down trust me you do not want to see them if they're mad with me\" \"if?\" Zoë asked but Bernard was already gone. Bernard ran to the main gate...scared as he reached the office he asked an elf \"Where are they?\" \"In there\" a small female elf said as she pointed to a conference room marked '1'. Bernard walked over to the door turned the handle pushed it and when in, there was 3 elves in the room, a tall male, with Black hair blue eyes a red tunic and a angry face, a small blonde elf, gray eyes, green tunic, and a worried face she was holding a very small sleeping male elf he had a white baby outfit on. \"Dad, mom\" he greeted them with no expression on his face or tone in his voice. \"Son\" Bernard's father greeted him; again he had no expression on his face or tone in his voice. \"Bernard\" his mother said with a bit of life and a small smile. \"Listen humans aren't bad there good you know child-\" \"Yes Bernard\" his father said coldly \"children hold the spirit of Christmas within themselves bla bla bla, but were not on about children, that girl the Daughter of Santa clause a human! She is basically an adult and you know what those Adult humans did to you! Children I haven't a problem with, they tried to save you because they knew who you were!\" \"Shhhh\" his mother hushed. \"The baby\" both Bernard and his father looked at the baby. \"How is he?\" Bernard asked. \"Fine, you know it would have been nice if you visited at least once a year\" \"I was busy I'm always busy in fact I'm going to be up all night doing my paperwork\" he gave an annoyed smile. \"We will not approve of her of this disgusting hum-\" \"YOU HAVENT EVEN MET HER!\" Bernard shouted. Then the baby woke crying... very, very loudly. \"Look what you've done now!\" his father shouted as his mother got the baby back to sleep. \"Don't worry\" she said quietly. \"It wasn't major just... don't do that again\" Bernard looked at both his mother and father no expression on his face and said. \"Please don't judge Zoë before you meet her she's kind and thoughtful of every elf in the place. She hasn't even been outside the workshop before\" Then Bernard's mother spoke. \"it couldn't hurt to meet this girl. Has anyone said about the... incident?\" \"No one knows my past mom and I would be very thankful that you not bring this up again\" he asked, his words were not harsh or meaningful nor were they polite. She only nodded. \"We only want to meet this girl first\" his father said. \"As soon as possible\" Bernard nodded. \"well she's on the factory floor a minute, so it might be best if we go to my office, while we wait I can get some work done\" without another word all 4 went to Bernard's office, when they got in Bernard took a seat behind his desk and go to work on his paperwork, and his parents sat on the green leather sofa on the back wall, his mother laid the baby on the left side of the sofa and watched him sleep, they watched Bernard work and noticed that he didn't even stop, not even for a second, the only time he stopped was to press a small blue button on the side of his desk. His father asked what it was for but there wasn't any Answer, about 5 minutes later there came a knock on the door, \"Yes\" Bernard spoke not looking up from his work, \"You need something Bernard?\" Judy asked. She let her eyes wander and lock on the 3 elves on his couch but only for a second. \"Yes could you please get Zoë and send her up here, thank you\" Bernard asked as his light blue eyes looked up to Judy and smiled at her. She smiled back and left without another word. \"How do you do it?\" Bernard's mother asked, he looked at her. \"How do you keep up with all this work?\" \"Zoë helps me sometimes, when she not busy with her own work\" \"And what work does this human do?\" his father asked, Bernard's face angered slightly. \"She fixes things, like the printer, the naughty and nice list machine, anything really\" \"Right who taught her?\" his mother asked, \"No one she learnt by herself, she brilliant, she would be perfect\" \"What do you mean?\" his father asked hoping to get a reason to dislike her \"If she didn't hurt herself in the process, I think she's got 22,500 stitches altogether, and she's broken her nose twice\" his father gave a crooked smile. \"But most of her injuries were to stop all the other elves from getting hurt, one time, she was fixing the sewage with lily, in mechanics' she stopped her from falling and cracking her head open, but the price was Zoë fall she slept for 8 days\" both Bernard's parents was shocked . Maybe this human isn't so bad . His father thought. At that moment someone knocked on the door, and came \"yes\" Bernard said, and the door opened to a tall girl, almost as tall as Bernard. \"hi\" the girl spoke. \"I'm Zoë\" ","Summary":" (N/A: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SANTA CLAUSE CHARACTERS I ONLY OWN MY OC'S) Zoë woke with something l"},{"Movie":"Interpreter","Title":"The Long Way Home","Author":"fbi-woman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3053706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : TBA Author : fbiwoman Rating : TBA, PG for now Type : Interpreter, Tobin/Silvia, post-movie Spoilers : Don't read it if you haven't seen the movie lol. It probably wouldn't make much sense in that case anyway lol. Disclaimer : I own nothing, and I'm not claiming to own anything. This is just my own idea of what could have happened after the movie. Summary : Well, I think I've kind of already explained it lol. It's a Tobin/Silvia fic about what could have happened after the movie ended. Don't like the idea of them together romantically? Tough lol, perhaps this fic is not for you. All readers are welcome of course, but no flaming though please; it's just dumb lol. ---------- A/N : This is my first Interpreter fic and I'm not totally sure where/how far I'm going with it lol so feedback is vital. Actually, this is my first fic for anything other than a TV show so hopefully it turns out ok. Thanks go out to Josie for reminding me to get off my butt and get started on this instead of just talking about starting it lol. Thanks Josie! What more can I say to you than SHAKIRA SHAKIRA! LMAO. Anyways, I hope you all enjoy this fic. Lots of love, Kelly (fbiwoman) ---------- \"Rest in peace\"? \"Close enough\". She paused for a moment, a mysterious yet charming half-smile surfacing briefly. The wind tousled her soft, blonde hair and her blue eyes shone with a new light. She almost looked like a different person. The weight of her pain seemed to have been lifted, and a peaceful freedom emanated from her being. There were so many things he wanted to tell her but he simply sat silently and watched as she slowly turned and walked out of his life. Her figure gradually disappeared into the distance until he could no longer distinguish her form from the horizon. He continued to sit on his perch long after she was gone; how long, he couldn't be sure. The sun was beginning to sink from the sky, and shadows slowly began to grow around him. The sun momentarily passed behind a cloud, shrouding the earth below in a dreary, dark atmosphere. He felt empty inside, the bleak surroundings only complimenting his mood. He glanced over at the river behind him and Silvia immediately entered his mind. ' Kapéla ', he thought to himself, a small smile playing at the corners of his mouth. However, the smile quickly faltered as a pang of regret stung his heart. What was he doing just sitting here? He had told Dot that he didn't want to lose two somebodies, yet here he sat, simply accepting defeat. He couldn't put a name to what he felt for her, but his feelings were strong, and he couldn't just let her go. He had to keep her in his life somehow. He had to see her again. He jumped down from his position on the railing and purposefully made his way to his car. The drive to Silvia's apartment had become so familiar to him in the short time they had known each other. He parked in front of her building and climbed the stairs to her door. Suddenly he felt a little nervous; he hadn't actually given any thought to what he would actually say to Silvia once he got here. He glanced down at his watch and wondered if she was eating dinner… he didn't want to disturb her. Perhaps she wasn't even home; she could have gone out for her last night in the city. He tried to remember if he had seen her bike parked outside, but nothing stood out in his mind. He quickly pushed these thoughts aside, deciding that nothing could be worse than the regret he would surely suffer if he didn't at least try to hold on to her. He still didn't have a clear idea of what he would say to her, but he wouldn't leave until he was certain that he could sit down tomorrow night, after her plane was long gone, and know that she was still in his life in some capacity. Taking a deep breath, he raised his hand and rapped softly on her door, praying that her beautiful face would greet him on the other side. Silvia gently lifted a picture frame from its place on her wall and sighed heavily as she placed it in a box of her other belongings. Although part of her was happy to be returning home to Matobo, another part of her longed to stay. She had grown to love it here and she loved working at the UN, but that chapter of her life was over now. She would return to Africa as she had left it: no brother, no family, no lover, nothing. All she had to comfort her and keep her going were her memories and her small collection of mementos from her past. Somewhere in the sea of emotions she was drowning in, there lurked a feeling of regret. She was not satisfied with how things had ended with Tobin. He had become an important fixture in her life and she didn't want to leave him behind. She could hear his voice running through her mind over and over, always repeating the same phrase, ' we never had time for a lot of things '. She wasn't sure what exactly she felt for him, but for some reason she couldn't help but hope that maybe he felt it too. She sighed again. There was no point in torturing herself: she had walked away and left him to continue on with his life. She was leaving tomorrow, and she would never know what might have been. She sank down onto her couch and lay back against the pillows, remembering the feel of his arms around her. She was exhausted from the endless swirl of emotions raging inside. Her eyes slid shut, her weary mind seeking some kind of relief, but the silence in the empty shell of her home offered little comfort and refuge. Suddenly the quietness was interrupted by the sound of a knock on her door. She rose from the couch and made her way to the door, both intrigued and anxious to see who her mystery visitor could be. Slowly she opened the door, and a wave of relief and joy washed over her at the sight of the smiling face on the other side: it was just the man she was wishing to see. TBC (if people want it to be lol) Make sure you send me some feedback![Chapter 2] She stood motionless in the doorway, unable to believe her luck. \"Um… can I come in?\" he asked nervously. \"Oh, yes of course\", she replied, feeling rather foolish. She stepped back inside and held the door open for him. He removed his jacket and hung it up while she shut and locked the door behind him. For a moment, both simply stood still, unsure of what to do next. Silvia was the first to make a move by walking over to the couch and sitting down, Tobin following closely at her heels. Once seated, he looked around and took in his surroundings. The room looked so empty, and lacked the character it once seemed to posses. He could see faint outlines on the walls where a picture frame once hung. Boxes littered the room and small mementoes waiting to be sorted were scattered all over the table. The magnitude of the situation weighed heavily on heart and he knew he had to say something before it was too late. His eyes returned to her face, meeting her gaze. Her beautiful blue eyes held a sad curiosity, as if searching for a sign of hope from his presence. He reached over and gently took her hand. \"Silvia,\" he began. Her eyes drifted to the floor as she prepared for what would come next: frightened of the words she didn't want to hear, yet afraid to hope from the words she longed to hear fall from his lips. \"I know we haven't known each other for that long, but…\" he paused, trying to collect his thoughts. She anxiously glanced back up at him, still fretting over what he might say. She noticed that he also seemed fairly nervous which certainly didn't make her feel any better. He looked into her eyes and smiled, instantly feeling more at ease. \"We've been though a lot together,\" he continued, \"and we've come a long way. I mean, it might sound strange to you, but I feel like we've become pretty close already. You mean a lot of me, and I don't want to lose you\". \"That doesn't sound strange to me at all\" she replied with a smile. \"I wish there was another way, but your life is here, and I have to leave tomorrow\" she said, a hint of sadness emerging in her beautiful voice. \"There must be something we can do\" he insisted, his eyes pleading with her. \"I don't see what.\" He thought for a moment. \"I'm going to appeal their decision\" he concluded aloud. \"Thank you, but I'm not sure it will do any good. The UN isn't likely to change their decision\" she warned him. \"Well, it's worth a shot, right?\" \"Right\" she smiled. \"And you'll keep in touch?\" he asked hopefully. \"You can write or call me anytime…\" \"Only if you promise to write or call me back.\" \"You bet\" he replied, a smile spreading across his face. They sat for a moment, simply smiling at one another, until their gaze slowly became more intense. The silence of the room only seemed to enhance the electricity in the air. Tobin suddenly realized that he still held Silvia's hand clasped in his own. Unsure of what to do next, he released her hand and stood up, quickly formulating a standard departing sentence in his mind. \"Well, I guess I should let you finish packing\" he said gently, heading towards the door. He was pleasantly surprised when she got up and followed him, taking hold of his hand to stop him from reaching for his jacket. \"No, it's alright,\" she replied quickly, \"I can do that in the morning. Would you like to stay for some coffee?\" \"Sure\", he replied with a grin, moving to resume his position on the couch. She disappeared into the kitchen and he waited eagerly for her return. TBC[Chapter 3] A few minutes later, she re-emerged carrying two steaming mugs. She handed him one and sat down next to him. For a couple moments, the pair sat in silence, sipping their coffee, until finally Tobin spoke up. \"Have you given any thought to what you'll do when you get back to Africa?\" \"No, I'm not exactly sure what to expect. It's been so long… I'm actually a little frightened to see what is left of my country after all of this\" she confessed, blinking back tears as she looked down into her mug. He took her hand reassuringly. \"No matter what, you'll always have me, and if you anything at all, just let me know. I'm going to do my best to get them to let you come back.\" \"Thanks\" she replied softly, still starting into the depths of the brown beverage. \"Do you at least have a place to go?\" he inquired, getting a little concerned. \"Yes, I suppose so. As far as I know, my family's house is still in tact, and I guess ti's mine now\" she said sadly. He could see the conversation was upsetting her, and that was the last thing he wanted to do tonight. \"Have you eaten yet?\" he asked, abruptly changing the subject. \"No\" she answered, looking up. \"How 'bout I take you out for dinner?\" Her face brightened a little. \"Sure,\" she said smiling, \"where are we going?\" \"Someplace nice\" he answered vaguely with a smile. \"I'll go get changed and pick you up in half an hour, ok?\" \"Ok.\" She followed him to the door, watching him walk away and returning the small wave he gave her before he moved out of her sight. She then headed to her room to try and scrounge up something nice to wear that she hadn't yet packed away. After changing into one of his nice work suits and running a comb through his hair, Tobin found himself on his way back to Silvia's place. He pulled up outside her building, quickly made his way to her door, and knocked softly. She pulled the door opened and took his breath away. Her soft blonde hair framed her face and fell onto her pale shoulders. She wore an elegant light blue shirt, with wide straps that weaved through a rectangular metal ring. They then spread into large triangles which met with a twist in the centre of her chest, the soft blue material hugging her form. Her black shirt flared slightly as it extended down from her hips and it stopped just above the knee. She had also traded in her flats for a pair of small, sophisticated black pumps. A small pearl-drop pendant hung from a silver chain around her neck. \"Wow\" he said, trying to construct a better comment. \"You look great.\" He supposed that was a slightly better. \"Thanks\" she replied, hoping that she wasn't blushing. \"Are you ready to go?\" She nodded and grabbed her jacket and purse on her way out the door. The ride to the restaurant was quiet, yet it was a comfortable silence. Though words were her profession, Silvia knew that they were not always needed. Tobin pulled into a large parking lot and Silvia could feel her excitement begin to grow as she wondered where they were. Once he found a parking spot, Tobin quickly walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for her. \"Thanks\" she said blushing, the act of chivalry clearly not lost on her. He took her hand, leading her inside. She was instantly awed by the elaborate setting on the other side of the door. TBC[Chapter 4] It was like stepping into another world; she had never seen such a beautiful, elegant room in her life. The walls were painted a light cream colour, and the tablecloths matched the shade perfectly. Magnificent hardwood floors faintly reflected the light provided by ornate wall fixtures and a gorgeous, elaborate chandelier suspended in the centre of the room. A little stage protruded from the far wall, where a small group of musicians played soft jazz music. A large dance floor stretched between the tables and the stage, and a few couples were dispersed around it, dancing slowly across the expanse. Tobin smiled at the look on her face. The dignitaries he worked with often visited this place when they were in town and he thought she might enjoy it. The host quickly arrived and showed them to a quiet table in the corner. \"Wow, this place is beautiful,\" Silvia said, finally finding her voice. \"I thought you might like it\" he replied shyly. The waiter arrived and told them the evening's specials as Tobin picked out a suitable wine. While the waiter went to retrieve a bottle for them, Tobin silently consulted the menu in front of him. After mentally making a selection, he glanced up at Silvia and was pleasantly surprised to find her studying him. Her eyes widened when she realized she has been caught, and she quickly busied herself with her menu. Tobin smiled to himself as he watched her feign interest in the pages' contents. She could feel his eyes on her, but she was desperately trying to pretend she was unaware. She was still slightly embarrassed about being discovered staring at him. Fortunately, she was saved by the waiter who arrived with their wine and took their order. After this departure, there were a few moments of silence as they both sipped their wine and tried to figure out what to talk about. Neither one had the greatest luck with relationships, and neither one had been on a date in quite some time. 'Is this even a date?' they both wondered simultaneously. How was it possible to know someone so intimately, yet somehow not know them at all? He didn't know what she did in her spare time. She didn't know where was from, or if he had any siblings. What television shows did she watch? What sports did he like? However, they soon relaxed into a comfortable conversation. No one would guess what they had been through; it was as if they were two different people, living in a completely different world. Tonight they were no longer pawns in a twisted game of corruption and lies. They were the same as many other couples in the room: they were just two people blissfully unaware that they were not engaged in the game of love. They talked about everything from books, to movies, to music, to stories from their childhood. Despite the tragedy that had stolen Silvia's family, she still lit up and spoke animatedly of her memories. The conversation slowed when their meals arrived, but continued until the plates had been cleared and the wine was gone. As the band started a new song, Tobin rose from his seat, moved to Silvia's side, and offered his hand. \"Want to dance?\" he asked sheepishly. She smiled and put her hand in his, letting him lead her onto the dance floor. She tentatively put her arms around him as he nervously placed his hands on her waist. Although stiff and insecure at first, they slowly relaxed into the embrace as the music washed over them. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her closer. She could smell his aftershave and feel his chest rise and fall with each breath. She slowly lowered her head to rest on his shoulder and closed her eyes, just enjoying being close to him. One song blended into another and they never parted. As the next song began, Silvia lifted her head to look into his eyes. In the intensity of their heated gaze, they were the only two people in the world at that moment. Without a second though, he instinctually leaned in and gently brushed his lips against hers. He momentarily broke contact before repeating the action, letting his lips linger a little longer. He pulled back slightly while Silvia remained frozen in a dream. Her eyes fluttered briefly before opening to reveal her brilliant blue orbs. Unable to help himself, he kissed her one more time before asking if she'd like some dessert. She nodded silently, still reeling from the sensation of his kiss, and followed him back to their table. They decided to share a piece of chocolate cake and looked intently into each other's eyes as they ate. When they had finished, Tobin paid the bill and wrapped his arm around Silvia's waist as they walked back to the car. As he drove out of the parking lot, he rested his arm on the small partition between their seats and was pleased to feel her rest her hand on top of his. The drive was once again completed in comfortable silence, and Tobin immediately opened the door for Silvia when they arrived back at her apartment. He was just about to grudgingly utter his goodbye when she surprised him by boldly moving in to press her lips against his. When she pulled away, she took his hand, intertwining his fingers with her own, and he followed her inside. TBC[Chapter 5] She closed and locked the apartment door behind him as he removed his jacket and hung it up. She quickly did the same and proceeded to take a seat on the couch. He diligently followed and sat down next to her, placing a hand on her knee. His hand moved to her side as they both slowly leaned in. She looked into his eyes, her lips only mere millimetres away from touching his. Finally she closed her eyes and kissed him softly. They broke contact momentarily before she slipped her arms around his neck and kissed him again, more passionately this time. His head was spinning as he put his arms around her and pulled her closer. One hand travelled up her back to tangle itself in her hair as he deepened the kiss. The heated battle between lips and tongues continued until the need for air became too great, and they reluctantly broke apart. Silvia's head dropped to rest on his shoulder as they tried to catch their breath. When he finally moved back to look at her, her eyes were downcast. A wave of panic ripped through him as he watch a single tear roll down her cheek, leaving a shimmering path of moisture on her porcelain skin. \"Hey, what's wrong?\" he asked softly, taking on of her hands in both of his. \"I don't want it to be over… I don't want this to be over\" she replied, her voice just barely above a whisper. \"It doesn't have to be.\" \"How can this possibly work if you're here and I'm in Africa? I don't even know if I'll ever see you again\" she said, another tear managing to escape despite her best efforts. \"I told you, I'm going to find a way to bring you back.\" He cupped her face with one hand, lifting her chin until she made eye contact. \"I'm going to bring you home.\" What little control she had left shattered before his eyes as she dissolved into tears. He held her close while she cried on his shoulder, rubbing her back and rocking her gently as her sobs shook her slender frame. At last her body stilled, and she pulled back to smile appreciatively at him through watery eyes. He tenderly kissed her forehead, following with a soft hiss to her lips. She stifled a small yawn, and he knew that the emotional evening had taken its toll on her. \"Will you stay with me?\" she asked quietly, as is she could read his mind. \"Of course\" he replied with a smile, \"let's put on a movie or something.\" He picked up the remote and flipped channels until he came across a station showing Runaway Bride. \"How's this?\" \"Perfect\" she said with a laugh, \"I'm sure you'll love it.\" He wrapped his arms around her and slowly lay back, bringing her with him so she rested on top of him. She put her head down on his chest and placed her hand over his heart. While one hand rested on the small of her back, his other hand slowly stroked her hair and down her arm. She closed her eyes and let the rhythmic sound of his heartbeat lull her to sleep. He reached up and grabbed the blanket that was folded on the backrest of the couch and draped it over them, turning off the television just before he drifted off. TBC[Chapter 6] By the time Silvia awoke, the room was already illuminated by the late morning sun. She yawned and rubbed her eyes, blinking groggily as her eyes adjusted to the bright sunlight. She looked up at Tobin to find his still sleeping peacefully, one arm still loosely encompassing her waist. Not wanting to disturb him, she lightly kissed his cheek and slid out of his embrace. She quietly made her way to her room and changed into a pair of jeans and a green v-neck sweater. She stuffed the remainder of her clothes into one of her suitcases and tip toed silently to the kitchen to see what she had left for breakfast. Tobin woke shortly thereafter to the smell of coffee and the sounds of Silvia rummaging through the kitchen. When he entered the room, Silvia had her back to him as she looked through her rather bare cupboards. He snuck up behind her and smiled when she jumped at the surprise of feeling his arms encircle her. \"Good morning\" he said softly in her ear. \"Good morning\" she repeated, turning around. He placed a quick kiss on her lips before going to pour himself a cup of coffee in the mug she had set out for him. \"I'm afraid I don't have much in the way of food\", she confessed, opening another cupboard. \"Actually, I think all I have left is bagels.\" \"That's fine\" he replied. \"So when do you have to be at the airport?\" he asked a few minutes later as they sat down with their plates. \"Um…\" she glanced down at her watch, \"in about an hour and a half.\" \"We should get going soon then.\" \"You're coming to the airport with me?\" she asked, her face brightening. \"Yeah,\" he said with a smile, \"I mean, if that's ok with you.\" \"Yes, of course.\" They quickly finished their breakfast and took care of the dishes, making sure everything was in order before they started getting ready to leave. After making two trips to Tobin's car, they soon had all of Silvia's luggage stowed in the trunk. He stood in the doorway and waited as she took one last look at her empty apartment, then he put his arm around her and walked her to the car. She sat silently with her head against the window for the entire ride to the airport, looking out at the city she had come to know as home. When they arrived, they immediately went about the usual mundane tasks of checking bags, going through security, and checking in at the gate. Then, with a couple hours left to kill, they decided to look around the stores. In the third store they went into, one thing in particular caught Tobin's eye: it was a silver treble clef with a crystal in the centre, suspended from a silver mesh-style chain. Conveniently enough, Silvia excused herself to go to the washroom, and Tobin wasted no time in taking advantage of the opportunity to surprise her. After a bit more window shopping, the pair settled down at a small restaurant for lunch. Silvia was rather quiet during the meal, and Tobin could tell she was starting to get tense about her departure. \"Um, I got you a little something\" he said shyly, passing her a small velvet box. \"You didn't have to get my anything\" she protested, though clearly pleased by the surprise. \"I wanted to\" he replied with a smile. \"Oh Tobin, it's beautiful!\" she exclaimed upon lifting the lid. \"I'm glad you like it.\" \"I love it!\" she said, quickly fastening it around her neck. Just then, a voice came over the loudspeaker and announced that Silvia's flight was ready for boarding. They rose from their seats and Silvia put her arms around Tobin's neck, whispering a thank you before giving him a soft kiss. Hand in hand, they regretfully walked back to the gate to face the inevitable moment they were both wishing to avoid. The last of the passengers were boarding as they arrived and just like that, their time together had come to an end. Though temporary as it may be, it still hurt them both deeply. He took her face in his hands, her lower lip trembling slightly as she tried to fight her emotions. He gently pressed his lips to hers, then wrapped his arms around her and held her close as tears spilled onto her cheeks, \"Last call for flight number 629\" came the announcer's voice. \"I'm going to bring you home\" he said, trying to keep his voice from quivering. She nodded against his shoulder, remaining in his arms for one more moment before reluctantly moving away, turning around and walking into the unknown. He watched her go, and then moved to the window, fingertips pressed against the glass, and watched as her pulled out and took to the skies. Turning, he began the long, lonely back to his car, wiping away a stray tear that fell from his solemn blue eyes. TBC[Chapter 7] The days dragged on, and not one passed where Tobin didn't think about Silvia. Where was she? What was she doing? Was she ok? He wished fervently that he could call her, write to her, anything at all to contact her, but until he knew where she was living, the task was impossible. She was his last worry of the night, and his first thought in the morning. Concern nagged at him every time he heard something about Matobo on the news. He diligently checked his mailbox every day when he got home from work, but still there was no word from her. While he did his best to focus on the task at hand, the more time that passed, the more frequently his mind drifted to Silvia. Sometimes Dot would catch him at such a moment and ask if everything was alright, to which he always responded with an offhand \"yeah\", and a quick change of subject. Today, he discovered upon opening his mailbox, was no different. He entered his apartment and kicked off his shoes. He went straight to the kitchen, poured himself a glass of scotch, and then made his way to the living room. Taking his usual seat on the couch, he turned on the television and settled in for a long night of trying to numb his worries enough to get some sleep. Silvia sighed wearily as she shut the door behind her and dropped her bag to the floor. She flopped down into the armchair by the window, which was the only remotely comfortable piece of furniture in her tiny new apartment. She was hot, tired, and frustrated from her seemingly futile job hunt. Her feet ached from days spent walking all over the city dropping off résumés and looking for a nice apartment, neither task yielding any results thus far. In fact, the only job prospect she had right now was an interview later on in the week for a hostess/waitressing position at a café in a nicer part of town. She was still hoping that something more promising would come up, but money was money, and something had to pay the bills. She had some money left after settling all her debts and loans in the US, but it wasn't enough to live off of for very long. Closing her eyes, she massaged her temples as the sound of gunfire echoed in the distance. All around her, the country she loved was falling apart, desperately in need of help. Finally released from Zuwanie's grasp, the people had exploded into a freedom-induced insanity. Peace rallies begged for some kind of control, but they always ended in more useless bloodshed. New and frightening coalitions were beginning to form in the absence of Kuman, Zuwanie, and Xola. A country needs a leader, and many were willing to step up to the plate. Radicals, rebels, and peacekeepers all vied for the people's support, but at the end of the day, the rifles ruled Matobo. She wished she could talk to Tobin, but she knew she couldn't support that kind of phone bill. Besides, she could easily recall his warm voice in her mind, but it offered much less comfort than his presence always brought. She picked up the pen and pad of paper that she kept on the end table for moments like this. She wanted to write to him, but what was she suppose to say? My country is a mess, I'm unemployed, and my apartment is the size of a shoebox. Yes, that would make a great letter. She didn't want him to worry about her. She could take care of herself; she had been doing so for quite some time now. She put aside the paper and pen, and picked up one of Simon's journals instead. Page by page, she slowly flipped through it, often pausing to run her fingers over an imaginative sketch, or to read a list of amusing words. She felt the familiar sting of tears and she closed the worn little book, holding it close for a moment before setting it back down on the table. The sun was rapidly sinking on the African horizon, and Silvia decided to take a quick shower before bed. Refreshed and comfortably clothed in track pants and a tank top, she reclaimed her seat in the chair. She flicked on the television, but the reception was so poor that few channels had any distinguishable programming. The only thing she could clearly make out was the news, and she concluded that she would rather not watch that. Turning the TV off, she sat in the quiet, dim light of the moon. More shots and angry shouts rang out in the silence, as the violence and hostility of a nation in crisis raged on into the night. Picking up the paper and pen, Silvia moved to the unbelievable small enclosure she called a bedroom, and sat down on the beaten old mattress, propping the pillows up behind her. She thought for a moment, twirling the pen in her fingers, before she began to slide the pen over the smooth surface. Dear Tobin , TBC[Chapter 8] Just like clockwork, Tobin never strayed from his daily pattern. He even found himself starting to eat the same meals everyday so it was one less thing he had to think about. Every evening he made his way through the office, waving and uttering goodbyes to the friends and coworkers he seemed to grow more distant from in the passing weeks. He would go to his usual parking spot, drive that same route home, park in his usual parking spot there, go inside, check his empty mailbox, and try to find something to amuse himself until he fell asleep. But when he thought about it, he had never really done anything differently before, so why did it feel so empty and mundane now? It was as if Silvia had breathed some kind of vitality into him, and now he was constantly plagues with the feeling that something was missing. Her soft touch, the smell of her hair, her innocent eyes, the sound of her voice, the taste of her kiss: a thousand pieces of her floating through his mind. He barely knew her, yet somehow he feels as though he knows her better than he knows himself. What was happening to him? It was as if she was consuming him. He missed her every day, and there was nothing he wouldn't give to spend one minute with her; to see her smile light up her eyes, to hold her as she fell apart, to feel her lips on his… anything at all to ease the relentless need to be with her. He felt crazy for feeling so strongly about her; they had barely known each other for a couple months, part of which they fought through, and the most recent portion spent with no contact. Yet somehow in that short time, he had become accustomed to her presence and, more important, he had come to need her, to feel for her. On one particular day, Tobin was so distracted by such thoughts that he almost forgot to check his mailbox. Sighing, he unlocked the little box, and he felt his heart begin to race at the sight of an envelope. Afraid to get his hopes up, he slowly withdrew the envelope and looked at the return address. He tried to preserve a calm exterior while walking to his door as fast as humanly possible. Once inside, he immediately took a seat on the couch and opened the envelope, removing the folded prize within. Dear Tobin, How are you? It seems like forever since we've spoken. I'm sorry that I didn't call or write sooner; I've been really busy trying to get everything in order and I've been having problems with my phone. Everything is fine here. My new apartment is a little smaller than my old one, but it's still nice. I haven't found a job yet, but I have an interview later this week, and I'm hoping to hear back from a few other places soon. Things are a little crazy with Zuwanie's arrest, but they could be much worse. I hope the new leader is chosen soon, and that whoever it is will do better than Zuwanie. They always begin with good intentions, but power can do terrible things to a leader .I'm happy to be home though. In some ways, it is much like I remember it, and I have definitely missed watching the beautiful sunsets here. It does feel a little strange to be here without my family though. I think I might go visit my old house soon. No one has lived there since my family. I was going to stay there, but it just didn't feel right. I guess it has kind of become a memorial for my family in my mind. I'm afraid that living there would awaken too many memories, and living life in the past only leads to more pain. I think I would like to lay some flowers there for Simon though. So what is new with you? Has anything exciting happened since I've been gone? It's so odd to be writing to you instead of actually talking to you, but I can imagine your voice and what you might say if you were here. I wish you were here. This is the longest we've gone without seeing each other since we met. I miss you… I wish things could be different, but unfortunately wishing does not make it so. I hope you are well, and that this letter makes it to you without too much delay. Take care, I hope to hear from you soon. Silvia He refolded the piece of paper and set it down on the table, just staring at it. He was relieved to hear that she was alright, but something didn't sit right with him. He couldn't put his finger on it, but something felt off. Nevertheless, the letter had certainly eased at least a little of his worry. Getting up, he went to grab some paper and a pen from his night table drawer before returning to his seat and beginning his reply. TBC[Chapter 9] A/N: Sorry for the lack of updates. As you may or may not know, I broke one of my hands, so typing has become quite the challenge lol. However, to make up for my lack of updates, I have two updates for you! Hope you like it! ----- Silvia sighed and collapsed into a nearby chair, desperately needed to get off her feet. \"Table four!\" came the call from one of the kitchen staff. Silvia groaned and grudgingly hauled herself out of the chair. She had no idea waitressing could be so taxing. Her feet were swollen, her back was stiff, and her arms ached from carrying the heavy trays back and forth. She swore as she burned her finger on a hot plate. Forcing a pleasant expression on her face, she dutifully ignored the protest of her arm muscles and delivered the steaming dishes to table four. She then made her way around the floor, checking in on all her tables and running to grab a glass of water and a bill. Returning to the kitchen, she was pleased to find an empty place to sit. She leaned back until her head rested against the wall. Closing her eyes, she tried to pretend she couldn't feel her throbbing feet and imagined herself lying down on her little bed with a nice breeze from a fan cooling her flushed face. \"Silvia! Why are you still here?\" She opened her eyes to see her supervisor Amara looking down at her. \"Issa is late again\" she replied wearily. \"But your shift was supposed to be over two hours ago!\" Amara exclaimed. \"That girl has been late way too many times. You can go home Silvia. I'll call someone in and we can manage in the meantime.\" \"Thanks\" Silvia smiled appreciatively. Mustering a little energy from the thought of going home to bed, she got up and quickly went to the staff change room. Once back in her comfortable cargo pants and sleeveless top, she stepped out into the African heat and started to walk home. She was about half way home, the sun rapidly disappearing behind a wall of African desert, when suddenly Silvia heard shouts and running footsteps behind her. She turned around just in time to see a blur of a man before they collided and she was hurled to the ground. Staggering slightly, the man continued running without so much as glancing at her. However, she soon discovered why when three men wielding machine guns dashed past, thankfully seeming not to see her. She got up and brushed herself off, nothing a long scrape down her right arm and a bleeding cut on her knee. Gritting her teeth to avoid wincing, she continued to fight the pain wracking her muscles, as well as the sting of her new injuries, and tried to hurry home as fast as she could. The city of sin and violence came to life when the sun went to sleep, and the last thing Silvia wanted tonight was another encounter like that. When she finally reached the safety of her apartment, she immediately locked the door behind her and leaned back against it. She slowly slid until she was sitting on the floor, huddled up against the door. Trembling, she closed her eyes and thanked her lucky stars that she had made it home in one piece. By the time she gathered the strength to get up, darkness had filled the room and her eyelids felt like lead weights. She stumbled into the bathroom to clean her wounds, haphazardly sticking inferior little band-aids over the painful red skin. She then went into the kitchen for a glass of water, uttering more profanities when she dropped a glass is her barely conscious state. Digging through the cabinet under the sink, she located an old dust pan and brush, and quickly cleared up the broken glass, miraculously managing not to cut herself in the process. When she had finally drank her glass of water, she trudged into the bedroom, laid down, and promptly passed out in her clothes. TBC[Chapter 10] She woke the next morning without hearing her alarm, experiencing a brief moment of panic before she remembered it was her day off. Stretching, she was quickly reminded of the previous day's toll on her body. The first thing she did was enjoy a long, hot shower and put on a fresh set of clothes. Feeling much better already, she swept her damp hair up in a towel and went to the kitchen to search for something to eat. Deciding on a bagel and coffee, she was less than enthused to discover that not only did she have no cream cheese left, but she was also out of cream. Just my luck , she though glumly. While she choked down her stale, plain bagel and black coffee, she decided she would go visit her old house today. Maybe some time alone with some of her happier childhood memories would cheer her up. Dumping her dishes in the sink, she went back to her room to finish getting ready. Brushing out her hair, she pulled it back into a sensible ponytail, her bangs falling carelessly across her face. She grabbed her bag, slipped on her mot comfortable shoes, and headed out the door. The morning was nice and peaceful, a stark contrast to the raging violence of the night. It was a little cooler today, and Silvia enjoyed a slight breeze as she walked down the nearly empty street. The city was just waking up. She passed through a market on her way and picked up a bouquet of flowers for Simon. She continued on, wishing fleetingly that Tobin was there with her. She was used to knowing that he was watching her, or better yet, accompanying her. It now felt so strange to be walking down the street alone, knowing that not one person knew where she was; knowing that she would not see anyone she knew; knowing that there would be no one waiting for her when she reached her destination. Pushing the thought aside, she did her best to remain optimistic and enjoy the pleasant morning that greeted her. She smiled as she passed a tree that Simon had once dared her to climb, knowing full well that once she got up there, she would be much too scared to jump down. He had cheekily run off to play with a friend, leaving her stuck up there and crying for him to come back.. Fortunately, not fifteen minutes had passed before he returned, guilt ridden, to help her down. \"Don't cry\" he had told her. \"I'm not crying\" she had insisted stubbornly. \"You don't have to cry, because I'm here, and I won't leave this time. I promise. I'll take care of you\" he said, reaching his arms out to catch her. She had closed her eyes and slid off the branch into his waiting arms, the impact knocking them both to the ground. He helped her up, asked her if she was alright, and then took her hand and walked with her to their friend's house. Squinting a little, Silvia could just make out their house in the distance. As she got a little closer, however, it became apparent that something was wrong. She picked up the pace, her heart pounding madly in her chest. Suddenly, after passing another tree, it became painfully obvious what had looked so odd from a distance. She stopped dead and her heart skipped a beat. Her jaw dropped in horror and she felt tears prick her eyes as she looked at what had once been her childhood home. One side of the house had completely collapsed and lay in a pile of rubble. It was evidently not long before the rest of the house would suffer a similar fate. She broke into a full-fledged sprint, running towards the ruins of her former life. Her eyes must be deceiving her… how could this have happened? When she reached the house, she saw that the door had been pulled right off its hinges, leaving only a gaping hole as a doorway. She stepped inside to find a scene of pure chaos. The house had been ransacked. Any items of possible value were long gone, and the rest of their belongings were strewn all over the floor. Picture frames lay trampled and abandoned, the smiling faces of her loved ones looking up at her through cracked and broken glass. She felt like she was in some kind of trance; a numb stranger walking through a foreign battleground. She wandered through the house, staring blankly at the destruction around her. She came to the part of the house that had fallen, and it didn't take her long to figure out why. Bullets and shell casings littered the ground, and she could plainly see the rusty blood stains left unattended. She turned around and made her way to her old room, pausing to look inside. Very few of her things were still in tact, and it was obvious that someone had taken up residence in the room after her, though the ever present stains indicated that the person in question no longer occupied the space. Moving on, she walked down to the last room in the hall: Simon's room. She stepped in and found it in a similar state to the rest of the house. She carefully went around the room and looked at each surviving memento. She was about to go when the sunlight glinted off something between his night table and the bed. She cautiously walked over and picked it up. Turning it over, she felt her heart break in two: it was Simon's Favourite picture of their family from one of his birthdays. Somehow the frame had manage to escape the fall without so much as a scratch. Clutching the photo to her chest, she lay down on his tiny bed, buried her face in his pillow, and cried. TBC[Chapter 11] Atnlast her tears dried, leaving her red-eyed and emotionally exhausted.nShe rolled onto her back, the frame still locked in her slendernfingers and resting on her chest. She stared at the ceiling and triednto clear her head, but the thoughts raced through her mind a mile anminute. Hypotenuse, doodad, bodacious: snippets of long lost memoriesndrifting by. Shining eyes, a pencil and notebook in hand, a playfulnsmile missing a baby tooth: images of the young, cheerful Simon thatnhad perished with her family. Philippe, Xola: the crowd she and hernbrother had turned to in their grief and pursuit of justice andnretribution. The flashes and bangs of gunfire relentlessly assaultednher mind. Charles Kufomo, Benita Matkudzi, Yvon Enkumo, StevennGawanda: the people Simon had become. All loving, caring human beingsnreduced to a name in a notebook, all symbols of the shamelessndestruction of innocence. What had really happened at the soccernstadium that day? Had Simon ever really forgiven her for walkingnaway? She had tried to help in the way she thought best. Had she donenthe right thing? Would she have been killed that day if she hadnstayed? When did it all go wrong? It seemed like it happened overnnight; one day they were a happy family watching Zuwanie on thentelevision, and the next her life lay in pieces at her feet. Herneyes slid shut as her focus shifted to what had happened in New York.n It was the same story all over again. She had been a normal,nhardworking person and then she was suddenly thrust into anninternational conspiracy and once again left with nothing. Who wasnshe, where was she? Did she even know anymore? Did she care? How didnshe come to end up completely alone in a world with billions ofnpeople? Where were Simon, Philippe, Xola, Tobin, her parents, and hernsister? How did she end up so far away from everyone she cared about?nShe had never felt so isolated. Her head pounded, begging her to letngo of these thoughts and break free of the pain from her past.nWeakness quickly resulting in compliance, Silvia had only one morenthought on the subject: a silent prayer. Let Tobin bring her home,nfor this is no longer the home it once was. A house without love cannnever truly be a home. Finallynreleasing the frame to half-heartedly rub her puffy eyes, Silvia satnup and looked at her watch. Somehow time had passed her by, and shenneeded to get going if she wanted to get any of her weekly errandsndone. Her stomach rumbled and she remembered that not only had itnbeen hours since she had eaten, but she had little to no food waitingnfor her at her apartment. Sighing, she stood up and picked up the bagnshe had abandoned on the floor. She readjusted the pillow and blanketnon Simon's bead, then removed the flowers from her bag and lay themndown in the centre. Before leaving the room, she picked up the photonoff the bed and tucked it safely in her bag. She walked straight outnthe front door, down the path, and out onto the street. Pausing for anmoment, she turned around and took one last look at the house she hadngrown up in, and then turned away. That chapter of her life was over,nand she was ready to move on. Her family may be forever trapped innthe past, but she is not. Silvianenjoyed the silence and the breeze that had miraculously managed tonpersist despite the dry heat that had slowly overcome the coolnmorning. She could feel the sun scalding her pale exposed skin, butnit was a pleasant and welcome warming sensation after the coldnnumbness she had felt in the house. Although the streets out by thenhouse were still rather barren, they became more populated as she gotncloser to her apartment. Children ran about, playing tag andnscreaming excitedly, while parents worked or conversed nearby. By thentime she got downtown, the city was in full swing, and the streetsnwere bustling with activity. She stopped for lunch at a small café,nand was relieved to find some of her extra tip money in her bag. Shenwas about to go get her groceries but then realized that she hadn'tntaken the list with her when she left this morning. Already feelingnthe familiar dull ache in her feet from the long walk, shenreluctantly went in the opposite direction towards her apartmentnbuilding. On her way in, she happened to check her mailbox out ofnhabit, and was delighted to find a letter from the U.S. waiting fornher. There was only one person this could be from… TBC[Chapter 12] She racedninside and quickly took a seat. Shaky fingers fumbled with thenenvelope, eventually managing to tear the seal. Her heart wasnpounding wildly, but whether it was from nerves or excitement, shencouldn't decide. She unfolded the crisp, white paper to reveal thentreasured words inside. DearnSilvia, I'mndoing well, there's not a lot going on here; nothing exciting tonreport. I changed my answering machine tape the other day, I thoughtnit was time. It was strange at first, but I'm used to it now. I'mnglad I did it. I don't think I could have done it without younthough. I know that probably sounds crazy, but you'll never knownhow much you helped me through Laurie's death. I also submitted mynappeal to the UN and I've been making lots of phone calls, butnaside from that, I haven't made much progress yet. I won't givenup though. I gave you my word, and I will fix this. I promise. Hownis everything with you? Are you sure you're okay? The last I heard,nthings were still very hostile in Matobo. Is it bad where you are?nYou can tell me if you're scared or if something's wrong. I wishnI could really be there for you, but I want to support you as best Incan. I'm worried about you. Did you find a job yet? How did theninterview go? If you haven't found anything yet, try not tot worry.nYou're very talented, I'm sure you'll get something soon, ifnyou haven't already. Have you been to see your house yet? How wasnit? Now I know what you mean about how it feels strange to write toneach other instead of speaking. I really hope I can get this allnsorted out soon so you can come back… I mean, unless you don'tnwant to. Do you like living in Africa again? I don't want you tonfeel like you have to come back because of me. I just want you to benhappy. I really miss you though… I think about you all the time. Inhope you are well, and that everything is alright, but you don'tnhave to tell me that it is if it's not. You don't always have tonbe so strong Silvia. Take care of yourself, and please be careful.nWrite back soon. Tobin Shenheld the letter in her trembling hands, watching as, one by one, thensmall droplets fell from her cheeks and landed on the paper. The inknblurred slightly in those places and the paper formed subtle ripples.nFinally putting the letter aside, she tried to wipe her face dry withnher hands, but it was no use. The tears continued to cascade down hernface. He had struck a nerve: she was putting on an act of strength tontry and conceal that she was crumbling inside. She wanted so badly tontell him exactly how she really felt. She hated using her words tontry and deceive him, but she didn't want to trouble him. He wasndoing the best he could to help her. Her heart ached as she fingerednthe delicate silver clef hanging around her neck, and she knew shenhad to tell him the truth. She knew that in lying to him, she wasnreally only trying to lie to herself, and convince herself thatnthings were not so bad. But she was tired; tired of lying, tired ofnbeing strong, tired of keeping it all to herself. She had forgottennthat she was not entirely alone. Here was someone, the only one, whoncared about her, and was asking her to let him in. He was all shenhad, and she wouldn't let herself push him away. She grabbed hernpen and paper, all thoughts of getting groceries long forgotten. DearnTobin, Infear that I wasn't entirely honest with you in my last letter. Indidn't want you to worry about me, but I can't go on like that:npretending everything is fine. I really am alright physically. I didnhave a fall yesterday, but I'm fine, just a few scratches.nEmotionally, however, the move has been a lot harder on me than I'venlet on. Yes, things are still very violent here. It's not so badnwhere I live, but I can still hear it every night. The interview wentnwell and I got the job, but it's not what you think. I'm anwaitress at a restaurant in the nicer part of town. There is not anlot of work here right now. I work very long hours, but I make enoughnto get along. My apartment is really tiny, but I suppose I don'tnreally need anything bigger since I'm not here all that much whennI'm not asleep. I did go and visit my old house today, but itndidn't exactly go as I had imagined. The house had been lived innand largely destroyed. One whole side of it has fallen, and there wasnclearly some kind of fight held there. Someone had also gone throughnall of our own things and stolen quite a bit, but I guess I shouldnhave expected that. Nevertheless, I did lay some flowers there fornSimon, and I even found one of his favourite family photos. It wasnvery hard for me to see our house like that. It's as if my entirenlife in Africa has been swept away, and I'm standing in somenstrange, empty place I have never been. I thought I could be happynhere again, but now it seems rather obvious that I was wrong. Thanknyou for working so hard on the appeal. I really appreciate you doingnthis for me. Yes, of course I still want to come back! I miss you sonmuch, I would give anything to be back with you right now… I reallynwould. I don't how much longer I can do this. I was foolish tonthink that the Africa I loved could ever be that place again. Matobonhas changed. I have changed. This is not who I am anymore. I amnafraid to get my hopes up, but at the same time, I pray for the daynyou tell me that I can come back to you. I hope you are well, andnthat you're not spending too much time worrying about me. I'llnget through this somehow. Take care. I miss you. Silvia TBC[Chapter 13] Tobin's eyes drifted over the page for what must have been the hundredth time that day. He could see all the places where her tears had fallen on the paper and diluted the ink, and it broke his heart. He had made another round of phone calls to the UN as soon as he had read the letter, but he had yet to hear anything back. Desperately he wracked his brain, trying to find some other way to help her, but he didn't know what else to do. He had already contacted everyone he could think ok, and going to Africa himself wouldn't save her from the pain of her shattered surroundings. \"Tobin?\" He was abruptly brought out of his trance by the sound of a voice calling his name. Looking up he saw his partner standing in the doorway of his office. \"Yeah?\" he responded casually, hoping she hadn't noticed his distraction. \"Your shift ended an hour ago, how come you're still here?\" \"Oh… I just wanted to finish up a few things.\" \"Oh. Hey what's that?\" she asked, indicating the paper in his hands. \"You've been looking at that all day.\" \"What, this? Oh, it's nothing\" he replied, praying he didn't sound as surprised as he felt by getting caught. He wasn't sure why, but he liked to keep what he had with Silvia as a secret; something special all his own. \"Is everything alright?\" Dot asked, looking at him quizzically. \"Yeah, everything's fine\" he said with a smile. \"Okay. Hey, do you want to grab a bite to eat? I'm about ready to go.\" \"Thanks, but I've still got something to attend to. I'll see you tomorrow ok?\" \"Sure, see you tomorrow\" she replied, leaving him alone with his letter. He sighed and retrieved the envelope from the top drawer of his desk and carefully refolded the paper, placing it back in the pocket and tucking in the torn seal. Standing up and donning his jacket, he secured the envelope in one of his pockets before turning on the lights and closing up his office. A few goodbyes and a couple of small waves later found Tobin climbing into his car and heading home for another night of brainstorming. Tobin unlocked his front door and stepped into the darkness of his apartment. He flicked the switch, hung up his coat, and stowed his shoes inside the closet. Remembering the letter, he quickly removed it from the pocket of his jacket before closing the door. He then made his way over to the desk, where he kept all of Silvia's letters, and he was surprised to see the little red light on this answering machine blinking at him. He pressed the button and heard his own voice break the silence. \"Hi, you've reached Tobin Keller. I'm not here right now, but leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can\", followed promptly by a loud BEEP! His heart rate shot sky high as he listened to the message, and nervous adrenalin coursed through his body. He replayed the message one more time to make sure he wasn't dreaming. \"Good afternoon Mr. Keller, this is Mrs. Sanders calling from the office of appeals at the United Nations. I'm calling in response to your appeal to the decision made in the case of Miss Silvia Broome. We have processed your request and we would like to meet with you to discuss the matter at hand. An informal hearing has been scheduled for this Thursday at one o'clock. Please be sure to let us know if this time is inconvenient for you. If we don't hear from you, we will expect to see you on Thursday. Please come with a copy of your appeal and be prepared to discuss your reasoning. Thank you, and we hope to see you on Thursday at one o'clock.\" Tobin wasted no time getting down to business and he worked late into the night on preparing a good argument. Silvia's fate was in his hands and he wouldn't let her down. He finally decided to call it a night, changing into sweat pants and an old t-shirt. He laid down and quickly drifted off to sleep with a smile as he caught a glimpse of the year's first snowflakes beginning to glide gently from the clouds. TBC[Chapter 14] A/N: One more week of exams until Christmas holidays, and then I'm hoping to make more frequent updates and hopefully finish this fic altogether! Thanks for this chapter go out to Kackie, for helping me with my snags, and to Ryan for the video and song that inspired me. And of course, thanks are well overdue for all of you who keep reading and reviewing! You guys are what keeps this fic going. ------------- Silvia groaned and clumsily slapped at her alarm clock until it finally stopped shrieking at her. She rolled onto her back and stared sleepily at the ceiling, thinking fleetingly of going back to sleep, but eventually deciding she needed to get up. She trudged into the bathroom for a quick shower, then threw on her housecoat to fetch some food from the kitchen. She fixed herself a bowl of cereal and poured herself a glass of juice, sitting down at the tiny table to begin her solitary meal. Glancing up, she calendar caught her eye and she was shocked to see how quickly the holidays were approaching. December was now just a few days away and she hadn't given a single though to Christmas. She supposed that was likely due to the fact that the weather in Matobo was hardly reminiscent of the Christmases she had grown accustomed to, and also that she had no one to share the holidays with. There were no lights to be hung, no tree to put up, no carols or gifts; just her, alone, in her cramped little excuse for an apartment. She stared glumly into her cereal. She used to love the holidays, but it had been so long since she had had someone to spend them with. She supposed she would probably work on Christmas if the restaurant was open. There was no need to keep someone else from their loved ones. Suddenly her heart lifted as she was struck by the first happy though she'd had in quite some time: she DID have someone to get a gift and card for! She might not get to see him, but she could still share the holiday with Tobin. Smiling, she finished up her breakfast and hurriedly got dressed, running a brush through her damp hair, and all the while thinking about what she could get for Tobin. She hoped she would hear from him soon, she was worried that she had upset him with her last letter. She needed him, and she needed to believe that he needed her too. He was all she had left in this world. ---------------- The week flew by for Tobin. He had thought it would pass slowly with hearing scheduled for Thursday, but he was so wrapped up in preparing for it that quite the opposite seemed true. He had booked the afternoon off work but he had refused to tell anyone the real reason why. He didn't want to get his hopes up, and if it didn't go well, he didn't want to suffer through more of their sympathy and answer their questions. Besides, most of them probably wouldn't understand anyway. They didn't know Silvia like he did. To them, she was just another face; just another name on a case file. She was a somebody to him, and she meant a great deal to him, but they wouldn't see that. Well, he supposed that Dot might understand, but he got the distinct feeling that didn't seem to approve of his attachment to Silvia so he didn't want to say anything to her until he knew a little more. He was also afraid to write to Silvia about the hearing. She had sounded so upset in her last letter, and he knew she would be crushed if he told her about the hearing and then they denied his appeal. He supposed there was no sense in giving her hope if there might not be much chance of success. He wanted to see how Thursday went before he told her anything. Thoughts of the hearing had been distracting him all week. He often lay awake at night or sat in the pensive silence of his office and tried to think of what questions they might ask him, and what he would reply. He wondered how many people would be there, and if they would call in anyone to argue against him. In his line of work, it was not unusual to have someone's fate placed squarely on his shoulders, but this was different. This was someone he loved. He couldn't deny it any longer, he loved her, and he needed her back. Anxiety flowed in his veins and gnawed at his heart as the date drew steadily nearer. What would he do if they flat out refused him? What would he tell her? What is he wasn't well enough prepared? What if they asked him something he couldn't answer? These were the worried he fought to push out of his mind multiple times a day. He could tell that Dot knew something was up with him, but thankfully she refrained from asking. He didn't think he had ever been more nervous for anything in his life, which was saying a lot since he ran the rise of being killed as an occupational hazard. He felt as if his life depending on this, and, he supposed, in a way it did. Silvia was an important part of his life now, and if ever wanted to bring her home, this was his chance. Thursday arrived with an icy wind and a thick blanket of snow. Tobin's alarm sprung to life with a perfectly obnoxious, flat-toned ring, but he was already awake. He wasn't sure if he had slept at all, but if he had, it was light, restless, and very short-lived. He had spent the vast majority of the night rereading and adding to his notes, and when his mind had grown weary, he began rereading his letters from Silvia in hopes of drawing strength from them. He was now in that calm, trance-like state often induced by sleep deprivation, but he was glad for it: he would have been shaking like a leaf otherwise. He dressed in his favourite suit, with his favourite tie, and his favourite belt. He made sure his hair was neatly combed in place, and then he put all of his notes and paperwork into a professional-looking portfolio, which he stored in his briefcase. He put on his coat and took one last look in the mirror, stashing her letters in his coat pocket for luck, and heading out the door. TBC[Chapter 15] A/N: It's your lucky day! This chapter is 1 ½ pages longer than usual lol. Thanks for this chapter go out to my twinneh Josie --huggles--. Keep the reviews coming guys! Only two exams to go and then I'm free for the holidays! ------------- He was a ghost at work that morning. He confined himself to his office for last minute preparation. His phone rang a few times and his pager went off once but he ignored them all. The only thing on his mind was Silvia, and he didn't want to be distracted. When lunch time finally came, he clocked out and walked to the little café a few buildings over to grab a quick bite to eat. He absent-mindedly sipped his coffee and ate his sandwich while he read over his notes for what must have been the hundredth time that day. Looking down at his watch, he saw that it was already 12:15pm so he finished up his coffee and hopped in the first cab he saw; he wanted to be there early just in case. He had decided not to drive that morning so he wouldn't have to worry about parking. He tapped his foot nervously as he watched the buildings flash by the window. Soon the car slowed, and he felt his rate double as the familiar building adorned with flags came into view. He paid the driver and tried to calm himself as he entered the building. He passed through security and immediately made a beeline for elevator and punched the button for the sixth floor. After all the research and preparation that had gone into preventing Zuwanie's assassination, he now knew the building like the back of his hand. Just a few minutes later the great silver doors opened to reveal his destination and he took a deep breath as he stepped out into the hall. Turning left, he went straight to the office at the end of the hall, informed the secretary of his arrival, and sat down to play the waiting game. If he wasn't nervous before, he certainly was now. He felt like he might jump out of his skin every time someone's name was called. He was too anxious now to even look at his notes. He picked up a magazine off the small table in the center of the waiting area and flipped through it half-heartedly. He couldn't focus on anything other than what would happen once they called him in. What was taking so long? He felt like he has been waiting for ages, but one glance at the clock told him it had only been ten minutes. Then suddenly it was as if time stopped completely as he heard the secretary call his name. He stood up, grabbed his briefcase, and followed her down a narrow hallway to a small, brightly lit room. She directed him to a desk in the centre of the room, facing a long table along the far wall. Seated at the table were three men and two women, all professionally dressed with pen in hand and notebook open. All of a sudden he felt as if he now knew how it felt to be on the opposite end of a conversation in an interrogation room. The group in front of him was still conferring about something, so he withdrew the portfolio and organized it on his desk while he waited for them to begin. At last they were silent and all Tobin could hear was the pounding of his heart. \"Good afternoon, Mr. Keller. Thank you for joining us today to discuss this matter\" said the man in the centre of the table. Tobin nodded politely before the man continued. \"We understand that you have come to speak on behalf of Miss Silvia Broome in regards to decision passed on the topic of her threat to the United Nations and the American public. Is this correct?\" \"Yes, sir\" Tobin replied. \"What is your position on this subject, Mr. Keller?\" \"I feel that Miss Broome is not a threat to national security, the United Nations, or the general public, and that she should be allowed to return to the United States.\" \"Mr. Keller, you are aware of the severity of the charges against Miss Broome, yet you also spoke to this effect when the original decision was pending. How can you be so certain of Miss Broome's character?\" \"It is part of my job to get into the minds of dangerous individuals and understand how they think. During the case involving Dr. Zuwanie's potential assassination, I spent a lot of time with Miss Broome and I feel that I have gotten to know her quite well. She is not a violent person.\" \"She held a gun to a man's head, and you say she is not a violent person?\" the man questioned sceptically. \"That was an isolated incident under unique circumstances. That man destroyed her country, robbed her of her family and friends, and she was next on his list. She was desperate, scared, and grieving. She just wanted him to see what he had done to the people who once adored him and trusted him with their future. If you watched a man ruin your country and someone tried to put an end to it to free you and your country, would you condemn them? There is no doubt in my mind that under any other circumstances, Miss Broome would have behaved differently, and there is no doubt in my mind that she will never act in such a manner ever again. I'm sure you have reviewed the statements made by Miss Broome's coworkers, and you have seen that they have also never found her to be hostile or violent. They feel that would not pose any threat to others, and I am inclined to agree.\" The room fell silent for a moment as Tobin's passionate speech came to an end. His pulse was racing and he was afraid his heart might leap out of his chest at any moment. The man picked up a piece of paper and walked over to Tobin's desk, placing it in front of him. \"Mr. Keller, have you seen this photograph?\" Tobin looked down and immediately recognized the shot of Silvia and Simon holding rifles. \"Yes Sir, I have\" he responded calmly. \"And you still don't believe that Miss Broome has a violent nature?\" \"No Sir. Miss Broome has spoken to me about this photo. It was the first and only time she participated in any kind of militia action, and she left shortly after to work on goal of having a job here at the United Nations, believing that violence was not the answer. Up until the incident involving President Zuwanie, Miss Broome has been a model US citizen, and since returning to Matobo, she has continued to conduct herself in an appropriate manner. There is also no record of any kind of misconduct in any of the countries where she studied. I feel that I must also take some responsibility for Miss Broome's actions, because I was supposed to be watching her when she went missing, and had I been able to speak with her before she encountered Dr. Zuwanie, I fully believe that the situation could have been prevented.\" \"You seem to have a great deal of confidence in Miss Broome\" the man said matter-of-factly. \"Yes Sir I do\" Tobin replied, meeting the man's unwavering look. The man simply watched him for a moment, contemplating, then slowly turned away and took his seat. He glanced around at his colleagues, and had a quiet word with the woman next to him. He then reverted his attention back to Tobin. \"Thank you for coming, Mr. Keller. The committee will meet to discuss your appeal further and come to a decision on the matter some time in the next week. Once a decision has been reaches, we will invite you back to hear the official statement. For now you are dismissed, please leave a copy of your appeal at the front desk on your way out.\" \"Thank you\" Tobin said as confidently as he could manage. He packed up his briefcase and delivered the copy to the smiling secretary. He then went straight to the elevator and let out a big sigh of relief as the doors slid shut. TBC[Chapter 16] A/N: Hey guys, I hope you're all liking it so far! It sounds like you are, so hopefully you are lol. I have 2 exams left to go; one tomorrow and then another one on Saturday, so hopefully I'll be able to write some more on Saturday night, and then I hope to finish this or have it close to being finished by Christmas. Keep the reviews coming! I live off them lol. ----------------- Silvia had just finished a long day of work and she was dying to get home and lay down. She like she could sleep forever and her entire body ached. She closed her locker and was stuffing her things in her bag when she heard the door open on the other side of the room, her view blocked by the row of lockers. \"Hey, did you see they put up the schedule for the rest of December?\" Zina asked. \"Yeah, they have me working 58 hours next week, can you believe that?\" Abena exclaimed. \"I'll take one of your shifts if you want; I've only got 37 hours.\" \"That would be great, thanks. Hey, did you notice they had Silvia down for every day the week of Christmas and Kwanza? That's brutal!\" Silvia froze in place when she heard her name. She tried to stay as quiet as possible to hear what they were saying about her. \"She wanted it that way. I heard her ask Amara about it yesterday\" Zina replied. \"Really? Why?\" \"I don't know, I guess she figured she might as well. The poor thing doesn't have any family left, just that friend of hers in New York.\" \"Oh yeah… it must be so sad to spend Christmas and Kwanza alone every year.\" \"Yeah for sure\" \"Does she still think that guy is going to get them to let her back in the US?\" \"Yeah, I think so.\" \"Wow. I thought she'd have given up by now. You don't really think he's going to do it, do you?\" Abena asked doubtfully. \"Honestly? Probably not. I don't think she's heard from him a while, you can usually tell when she's gotten a new letter. If you ask me, he's probably found someone else and moving on with his life. That, or they turned him down and he just doesn't want to tell her. Either way, it's not looking too good.\" \"Poor girl, she's had it pretty rough.\" \"Haven't we all?\" Zina said with a laugh. \"Come on, let's go get a drink.\" Silvia stood rooted in place even after she heard the door shut. She felt numb. Is that what everyone thought of her? Did they all think she was so pathetic and foolish? She trembled slightly as the tears slowly spilled from her eyes. The hard part was that they had struck a nerve with what they said about Tobin. She didn't really believe that Tobin would abandon her like that, but deep down in the back of her mind, she did worry that the distance would eventually come between them and they would drift apart. Worst of all, they had touched on her biggest fear of all: that the reason she hadn't heard from Tobin was because he didn't know how to tell her that the appeal was dismissed. It had been hard enough for him to tell her about Simon, and not only was she there in the flesh for that, but he had been reading Philippe's letter. She knew he would hate having to tell her such devastating news in a letter of his own. She was desperately hoping that no news was good news, but she grew more fearful and apprehensive with each passing day. What is she had it all wrong, and something terrible had happened to him? She couldn't take it anymore; she had to know what was going on. She wiped her face, threw her bag over her shoulder, and walked home as fast as her legs would carry her. When she got inside, she threw her bag aside, kicked off her shoes, and immediately grabbed her pen and pad of paper. She fought hard to hold back another onslaught of tears as she hastily scrawled out a short letter. Dear Tobin, How are you? Is everything alright? I haven't heard from you in a while and I'm getting worried. You know you can always tell me anything, right? Even if it's not good news, you can still tell me. How is the appeal coming? Are they going to meet with you or did they refuse it altogether? Perhaps you haven't heard anything yet. I'm sorry; I'm just getting anxious to hear from you. You're probably just busy. Please write to me soon… something… anything so I know you're alright. Take care, Silvia TBC[Chapter 17] Tobinnhung up the phone with another frown of frustration andndisappointment. It had been exactly one week since the hearing and henhad yet to hear from the UN. He had answered every call and checkednhis messages at home and on his cell phone compulsively all day, andnevery time he discovered the caller was not from the UN, he hadnfought to keep the annoyance out of his tone. He wasn't so sure itnwas a good sign that they were taking so long to get back to him. Henwondered how much longer he should wait before he called to check upnon things… not that they were likely to tell him much on the phonenanyway. Head in his hands, he tried to remind himself that he hadndone the best he could, and whatever happens next is completely outnof his control. All he could do now was to try and be patient andnwait for the call; worrying and stressing over it wasn't going tondo him any good. Unfortunately, he knew that was much easier saidnthan done. He glanced over at the clock and saw, to his relief, thatnit was almost time for him to ho home. The day had been agonizinglynslow, especially since he had been called in early for a meeting. Thendownside to going home, however, was that it was unlikely the UNnwould call outside of normal business hours, and he would thereforennot hear from them at all today. At least tomorrow was his day off,nso he wouldn't have to worry about missing their call. Yawning, hengot up, put on his coat, and quickly clocked out before heading tonhis car. Whennhe arrived home he was thrilled to discover a letter from Silvia innhis mailbox. His joy soon became concern though when he noticed thatnshe had sent it express. He almost opened it right there in thenhallway, but changed his mind when two more people arrived to checkntheir mail. He hurried to his apartment, throwing his coat and shoesnaside upon entering. He sat down in the closest chair and ripped atnthe seal, praying that she was alright. When he withdrew the letter,nhe was surprised to find it unusually short, and immediately fearngripped at his chest. He read over the note and felt his heart break.nSuddenly he deeply regretted his decision not to tell Silvia aboutnthe hearing. He had been trying to protect her, but instead he hadnhurt her. She was clearly upset and scared, and neglecting to writento her was certainly not going to help. He went to his desk andnpulled out a pen and paper; he had to tell her what was going on asnsoon as possible. He tried and tried, but nothing he wrote soundednright. He still didn't want to tell her about the hearing, so itnwas hard to get the words out properly. He would be hearing back fromnthe UN any day now, and then he could tell her everything at once.nNow he was conflicted: he knew he should tell her now, but even if hensent it express, it would still take a week to get there, and then henwould have to write her another one about the decision in the meanntime. Ignoring the twinge in his heart and the nagging in the back ofnhis mind, he put away his paper and pen, and went to the kitchen tongrab something to eat before going to bed early. He couldn't tellnher… not yet… not until he had an answer. Dinnernproved rather unsatisfying as he seemed to forgotten to get groceriesnin his distraction over the results of the hearing. All he had leftnthat he could be sure hadn't gone back was a box of Kraft Dinner.nHe wasn't a big fan on it, but he kept it around for times likenthese, and it certainly came in handy tonight. He left the dishes innthe sink and got changed into sweat pants and a t-shirt. He climbedninto bed and turned on the TV to the movie channel before closing hisneyes and trying to relax. That quickly proved to be quite anchallenge, and soon he had watched the entire movie without feelingnany closer to falling asleep. He got up and trudged into the kitchen.nHe sat down at the table and poured himself a glad of scotch. He knewnexactly why he couldn't sleep: he couldn't stop thinking aboutnSilvia. It seemed like she was all he could think about these days.nWhat was he going to do if they denied the appeal? He couldn't keepngoing like this forever. He would have to think of something else, ornhe would spend the rest of his days thinking about a woman be maynnever see or hold again. Before he knew it, his contemplation hadncarried him through three glasses of scotch. He put the bottle awaynand added the glass to the pile in the sink before returning to bed,nand before the end of the next movie, he was fast asleep. Whennhe woke the next morning, the sun had already filled room despite hisnclosed drapes. Groggily, he rolled over to look at the clock and wasnstartled awake by the green numbers glowing on the display. How couldnit be eleven o'clock already? He never slept that late! He crawlednout of bed, brushed his teeth, and hurriedly got dressed. Decidingnnot to wait for coffee, he grabbed a glass of orange juice, a rathernstale bagel, and the tub of cream cheese. He made his way to thenliving room and set his breakfast down on the coffee table as he tookna seat on the couch. He switched on the TV and flipped channels untilnhe came across some kind of talk show that might prove entertaining.nHe was just about to start on his bagel when noticed the light on hisnanswering machine was flashing. He heart skipped a beat as he stoodnup and walked over to it. With a shaky finger, he pushed the buttonnand listened carefully. \"Goodnmorning, Mr. Keller. This is Mrs. Sanders calling from the Office ofnAppeals at the United Nations. The committee has reached a verdict onnyour appeal and request your presence on Monday afternoon at 2:00pm.nPlease contact us as soon as possible if you are unable to attend atnthis date and time. Thank you, and we look forward to seeing you onnMonday at two.\" TBC[Chapter 18] Tobin was on edge all weekend long. The end was near, and the stress and anticipation were almost intolerable. Luckily he had been able to find someone to cover his shift on Monday afternoon. He didn't think he could stand to wait any longer, so he had really hoped he wouldn't have to reschedule. His heart soared as the day drew nearer, yet at the same time, he was terrified of the fall. He was so close; it would be devastating to lose it all now. He could see her there, could almost touch her, but she was just out of his reach… only a breath away from his fingertips. His thoughts were a virtual slideshow of memories. Snapshots of their brief time together consumed him, and at times he almost felt as if she were in his arms. He knew that there was a very good chance that Monday would not go in his favour, but he couldn't visualize that in his mind. All he could see was the moment she came into view and the embrace that followed. The days came and went, though Tobin had no recollection of them. They were merely a blip on his radar as he focused in on the big day. All he knew was that tomorrow he would sit there, helpless and desperate, to hear a stranger tell him what he already knew in his heart, or a dream-shattering lie. He barely slept all since receiving the message, but the constant flow of nervous adrenalin kept him from feeling the fatigue. He didn't even bother going to bed on Sunday night: he just sat in a chair, facing the window, and drifted between levels of consciousness until he saw the sun ride on judgment day. The morning was oddly peaceful for the volatile winter that had developed in the past couple weeks. The sky was a bright, clear blue that reminded him of Silvia's eyes. There wasn't a cloud to be seen and the harsh wind had vanished. He sipped his coffee and watched the city below slowly come to life. Cars and taxis clogged the streets as people rushed off to start their daily routine, unaware that today could completely change his life. Eventually, he got up, ate, got dressed, and decided to take a walk. He had some time to kill, and he planned on taking a cab again today anyway. He strolled along, an odd sense of calm spreading through him. He even smiled a little, enjoying the crisp winter air and the thin layer of fresh snow underfoot. He stepped into a shop from time to time, and he even purchased a Christmas card for Silvia. The front was occupied by a beautiful photograph of the park where they had almost said goodbye, covered in snow under the light of the moon with the tiny image of a sleigh and reindeer crossing the sky. Shortly thereafter he stepped into a little deli for lunch, and then the morning was gone and it was time for him to catch his cab. While he had been eating, the sky had grown dark, and the sun soon gave way to the clouds. With the impending threat of snow, a chill passed through Tobin as the reality of the situation finally sank in. He climbed into a cab and tried to fight the waves of silent panic as he watched the city race by. Before long, Tobin was seated in the same chair in the same waiting room he had sat in just over a week ago. Today, however, his mood was much different: he had fallen into some sort of solemn numbness. He stared blankly at the stack of magazines on the table and disappeared into his thoughts until he was abruptly brought out of his trance by the sound of his name. He got up and obediently followed the secretary down the same hallway, but to a different room. He soon discovered, to his disappointment, that this room was no more welcoming or comforting than the previous one. In fact, it was almost identical, except that it faced in a different direction. This time the room was empty when he entered, so he took the centre seat and waited in torturous silence until, at last, the same five people filed into the room and filled their seats in front of him. The man in the centre removed a large envelope from his briefcase, and then retrieved a paper report from within. \"Good afternoon, Mr. Keller\" he began. \"As I'm sure you're already well aware, we've asked you here this afternoon to hear the decision made on the appeal for the case of Miss Silvia Broome. The committee has reviewed Miss Broome's history and the statements from the original investigation, as well as the points you voiced at the hearing and recorded in your formal appeal. After much deliberation, the committee has decided to grant your appeal under certain conditions. Miss Broome is permitted to return to the United States, but if she chooses to do so, she will be monitored and will be required to meet with us annually for evaluation until we can be assured that she truly poses no threat to national security. On such occasions, Miss Broome will be accompanied by a security officer at all times. Apart from these meetings, Miss Broome is not permitted to set foot inside the UN, or any of the related embassies. She must also inform authorities of her flight number, date, and estimated time of arrival at least seven days prior to departure. Lastly, Miss Broome must be in your custody for at least the first year that she is in the United States, and during this time you will also be held partially responsible for her actions. Do you accept these terms, Mr. Keller?\" \"Yes sir, I do\" Tobin replied with a smile. \"Very well. Please sign here indicating your consent\" he said, passing Tobin a piece of paper. \"Upon returning to the United States, Miss Broome will also be required to sign these papers if she wishes to stay in the country.\" Tobin happily signed his name, shook hands with the committee, thanking them politely, then promptly hailed a cab and rushed home. He had some important phone calls to make. ----------- Silvia yawned and rubbed at a kink in her neck as she fumbled with her mailbox key. She had just worked a double shift and not only was she incredibly sore, but she was struggling to keep her eyes open. She finally got the little door open and she perked up a little when she saw an envelope from Tobin marked express. A little more alert, she made her way to her apartment and took a seat. She ripped open the flap and was surprised to see a beautiful Christmas card inside. Christmas was still a week and a half away, why would he have sent it express? A smile spread across her face as she recognized the setting of the picture. She opened the card and something fell out and fluttered to the ground. The message inside the card was short: Silvia, There's no place like home for the holidays! Love, Tobin Now she was confused. What was he talking about? She reached down and picked up the slip that had fallen to the floor. She flipped it over and her jaw dropped and tears sprang to her eyes when she saw what it was: a one-way ticket to New York City. TBC[Chapter 19] A/N: Well, here is it everyone! This is what you've been waiting for. This is the official ending to this story, but I will be writing a shorter continuation to this story with a higher rating cough cough lol. Hopefully you catch my drift lol. Well, I hope you like this chapter and I hope you've enjoyed my story. Thanks so much for reading and for all your feedback! I love you guys. Stay tuned for the epilogue! You'll have to check fics rated M to see it though. Thanks again. Happy Holidays everyone! Enjoy! --------------------- Silvia's life suddenly became a whirlwind of activity. Tobin had arranged for her to come back as soon as possible, so she only had a few days to get everything in order. Thankfully her manager had been very understanding and was very happy for her so she didn't get in too much trouble for not giving two weeks notice. She also thoroughly enjoyed the shocked looks on the faces of Zina and Abena when she told them the news. Her landlord was not quite as accommodating as Amara, but they had eventually come to agreement, and he had wished her all the best. Conveniently, a lot of her things had never been unpacked and were still stuffed in a suitcase in her closet. Taking full advantage of what little time she had left, she made one quick visit to her old house again to say a final farewell to her family and her past, and this time she walked away with a smile on her face and a light heart. The day before her departure was dedicated entirely to packing. She crammed all of her clothes into her biggest suitcase except for a pair of track pants, a t-shirt, and a winter coat for when she arrived in the US. When she was finally finished, she went for a walk through town to enjoy the warmth for one last time. The city was pleasantly peaceful, and she was delighted that she was finally able to enjoy Africa again before she left. She stopped in at the restaurant for a quick dinner and to say her goodbyes, and then she headed home. She felt so free, and much happier than she had been in a very long time. There was only one more thing she wanted to do before she left, and she arrived back at her apartment just in time. She darted inside and sat down in the chair by the window, looking out at her country as she watched the sun slowly drop behind the horizon. She loved the African sunset; there was no other quite like it. Relaxed and ready for her big day, she went off to bed, and was asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. Silvia was up bright and early and on her way to the airport. She had to check in three hours early and her flight left at 10:00am, so she had decided to get breakfast when she got there. She had a long flight and a very long day ahead of her, but she was so excited that she could barely sit still. The waiting was terrible. She ate as slowly as possible and bought a magazine to entertain her, but she was still dreadfully bored for what seemed like far more than three hours. At long last, they called her flight for boarding and she practically leapt out of her seat. She was pleased to find that Tobin had gotten her a window seat, and she eagerly looked out as the plan began its journey down the runway. She felt her heart race as they quickly picked up speed and rose into the air. The first part of the ride was rather enjoyable. She watched the first movie they showed, and shortly after they came around with lunch. The food was surprisingly good… or rather, perhaps it was just not as bad as she had expected. They had turned off the movies for a while, and Silvia soon found that the passing clouds and landscape below were lulling her to sleep. She rested her head against the window, and soon she had drifted off. She must have been more tired than she thought, because she didn't wake up until she heard the clatter of the dinner carts wheeling down the aisles. Looking down at her watch, she saw to her delight that the flight was a little more than half over. She watched the next movie and had her evening snack with enthusiasm, but soon her body clock informed her that it was getting late, despite the bright sky outside her window. Before long, she had gone to sleep once again, and she didn't stir until her seatmate tapped her gently and told her that they were beginning their descent. Suddenly nervous, Silvia sat up and anxiously fiddled with her hair. She wished she had a mirror in her carry-on bag; she wanted to look nice when she saw Tobin. She tried to use her reflection in the window, but it was of little help. She yawned and checked her watch again. It was almost one in the morning in Matobo, but it was not quite 5:00pm in New York. She shifted a little in her seat, still from sitting for so long, and looked out her window, smiling at the snowy scene they were gradually sinking into. It certainly looked like Christmas here, and she was starting to feel its proximity more with every minute that passed. At last she felt the wheels make contact with the ground, and her smile widened with excitement. She couldn't wait to see Tobin, and walk through the snow, and see all the twinkling Christmas lights. As soon as she stepped off the plane she was met by security personnel, who thoroughly examined her bags and checked her person with a series of detectors. When they were finally satisfied, she was taken to a part of their office where an official from the UN was waiting to go over the stipulations of her appeal and get her signature. She tried to be as friendly and cooperative as possible to hurry them along, but she was still detained for almost an hour. She hoped Tobin wasn't too worried about her; she knew he must be waiting for her since she was supposed to be in his custody (a condition she was particularly pleased with). She tried her best to control herself and not let her anticipation show: the last thing she wanted to do now was make them suspicious. Just when she thought she might explode if she had to wait any longer, an officer came in and told her he would take her to Tobin. Excitement written all over her face, she eagerly followed him towards the waiting area outside her gate. ------------------------- Tobin fought the urge to start pacing. What was taking so long? A man had brought out Silvia's luggage, plastered with security tape and stickers, nearly forty minutes ago, and still there was no sign of her. He was starting to get worried that he had missed something in the planning. He would never forgive himself if he got her this far and then he messed it up. He looked down the hallway in the other direction, not sure where they might have taken her, and then he looked down at his watch anxiously. He glanced back up at the gate, and all of a sudden, there she was. She looked stunning. Her hair was longer, and her eyes were the most beautiful blue he had ever seen. Though she had tanned a little, her skin was still quite pale, making the brilliant color of her eyes even more noticeable. Her track pants were perfectly fitted to her slender body, and she looked adorable all bundled up in her winter coat. She was looking all around until she caught sight of him and met his gaze. A huge smile spread across her face, rivaled only by the one he had donned. She picked up the pace, careful not to get too far ahead of the security guard, and he rushed over to greet her. She threw her arms around his neck and he wrapped his arms around her waist, crushing her body against his. She buried her face in his shoulder as tears began to flow from her eyes. He held her tight to him, loving the feel of having her in his arms again, and taking in the sweet scent of her shampoo. \"Thank you, thank you, thank you\" she mumbled profusely into his coat. He kissed her head and stroked her hair while she cried. \"I love you\" he whispered into her ear. She sniffed and pulled back, looking at him through watery eyes. \"I love you too\" she replied softly with a smile. He cupped her face with his hands, using his thumbs to wipe away her tears before leaning in to gently capture her lips. The broke apart for a brief moment before their lips met once more. One of his hands migrated to her hip while the other tangled in her soft, blonde hair. She pushed her arms around his neck again, and they held each other close for a long and sensual kiss. At last they were forced to stop for air, much to the relief of the security guard who was still waiting nearby to escort them out of the airport. \"Welcome home\" Tobin said, looking deep into her eyes. Silvia just smiled, the master of words rendered speechless with emotion, and pulled him close for one more quick kiss. She might have taken the long way, but she had made it home to his arms. ---------------------- The end! Let me know what you think, and keep an eye out for the continuation. It should be premiering soon. Thanks for reading! fbi-woman ","Summary":" Title : TBA Author : fbiwoman Rating : TBA, PG for now Type : Interpreter, Tobin/Silvia, post-movie"}]