[{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Dinner for Two","Author":"NAP1815","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11644122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Suddenly Anna was as nervous as she had ever been in her life. This is ridiculous she thought to herself as she followed Declan to the dining room 'you entertained some of the wealthiest and most prominent citizens of Boston over the years and at some of the parties you attended with Jeremy you had conversed easily with the elite of America'. Yet here in Ireland everything was different it was a strange land with strange customs and she was a foreigner an outsider, for the first time since returning to Declan she was totally unsure of herself was she really ever going to be able to understand these people let alone fit in with them. She had that same terrible feeling in the pit her stomach that she had as a small child many years ago when their home had been repossessed, it was Christmas Eve and while her Mother and Father argued manically downstairs she sat in her room crying her worldly possessions packed in boxes around her not knowing where she was to go or what she was to do. As she walked along the hall those same feelings of uncertainty began to suffocate and enclose her so much that she wanted to wrench open the front door and run. Just then Declan turned around and smiled straight at her his eyes sparkling with happiness and immediately almost instinctively her hand felt for his. As his strong fingers enclosed hers the panic subsided and she felt an aura of warmth emanate from his touch as if by magic it flowed up her body to still her racing heart. Declan gave Anna a cheeky wink and let her lead the way into the dining room with its waiting guests. The dining room of the O'Callaghan home was an extension that had been built onto the rear of farmhouse. It was something of a cross between a dining room and a conservatory where the huge dining table was surrounded on three sides by picture windows that encapsulated the panoramic views of the distant lake. The room was bathed in a natural light that complemented the fine blue Denby china and sterling silver cutlery that sparkled on the lavish table, while the pastel colors and bold accents of the room highlighted the obviously feminine soft furnishings. Anna was enthralled with the room it was obvious that Declan's Mum had impeccable taste and an eye for detail it would have been impossible she felt to have done a better job herself. Suddenly Anna was aware of Maggie standing behind her, \"This is a fabulous room Maggie\". \"Well Anna it wasn't always like this\" said a smiling Maggie \"especially not when the children were growing up, it was a bit more, rough and ready but now we only really use it on a Sunday if we have company\". Her arm glided around Anna's waist and directed her to a chair beside John. \"\"John darling\", said Maggie \"I am going to be put Anna beside you as I know you will have lots to talk about.\" In the kitchen the back door banged open and a strong male voice shouted, \"Maggie is the dinner ready I am half starved that damn cow wouldn't calve, thank god it's over with though I thought I was going to lose them both, the only problem is that hoor of a vet wants to charge me double for coming out on a Sunday.\" In the dining room the talking stopped as Maggie raised her eyebrows to the surrounding company in silent apology and excused herself to confront her errant husband. Patrick O'Callaghan stood in the middle of the kitchen floor six foot three inches tall in his stockinged feet the sleeves of his checked shirt rolled up and his blue overalls rolled down to his waist. As Maggie walked into the kitchen he scowled \"is that Declan's car in the yard now many times have I told him not to park there he's blocking the whole place. Dinner not ready yet then?\" as he looked at the unset kitchen table.\" \"We have company for dinner Patrick so we will be in the dining room and please go upstairs and put on a clean shirt.\" The hairs on Patrick's arms practically bristled, \"what is so damn important that I have to get dressed up at my own table.\" Maggie was beginning to get irritated, \"Declan has brought someone to meet us and I will not have you upsetting things you have five minutes now upstairs quickly I laid out a clean shirt for you on the bed.\" Suitably chastised her husband stomped upstairs muttering to himself about the poor state of affairs in his own home. In the dining room it had been impossible to help but overhear the conversation and Anna blushed at being the supposed center of attraction and the reason for Patrick O'Callaghan's discomfort. As Maggie brought the soup into the room her husband stepped in behind her and took his seat at the head of the table he was wearing a baby blue shirt that his broad shoulders and chest seemed ready to burst out of. As Patrick sat down he looked directly at Anna the piercing blue eyes as inquisitive as those of his daughters soaked up every detail of Anna's face. Quickly Anna kicked Declan from below the table who looked up startled, he had been talking to his nieces and had been oblivious of his father coming in. As he met Anna's gaze it suddenly dawned on him to introduce her, \"Dad this is Anna Brady a friend of mine from America.\" Anna cringed at the remark friend is that all he could think of friend? Patrick O'Callaghan smiled and his eyes glinted the same way Declan's did when there was mischief in his mind, \"A friend you say she seems to pretty to be just a friend.\" Anna blushed. \"If I am not mistaken Brady would be a Cavan name would it not Anna.\" To be honest Anna didn't really know, all she really knew was that her great grandfather had emigrated from Ireland but where they actually came from she couldn't say, not even that she could say where Cavan was anyway. \"I think that is correct Mr. O'Callaghan.\" \"The name is Patrick and welcome to you Anna, Cavan woman or not.\" All the while they had been sitting at the table Sinead had been silent, in her mind she had been intensely aware of the coming encounter between her father and Anna and she was not a little aggrieved by her father's instant congeniality towards Anna. But then a pretty face always had an untoward effect on the male psyche and Anna was indeed pretty. With her red hair and pale skin she was the picture that afternoon of a perfect Irish rose while her blushes due to Patrick O'Callaghans compliments, only made more acute her exquisite beauty. While Maggie was clearing the soup course John had opened the wine and was pouring for everyone and as usual left out Patrick who wasn't really much of a drinker. \"Are you not going to pour me a drop John,\" said Patrick in mock horror. \"I thought I would celebrate our two new additions to the family.\" Sinead spoke first as she looked up in shock, \"what two new additions would that be Daddy?\" Her eyes immediately darted to Anna who looked demurely down at her wine glass. Sinead's mind was racing with apprehension my god she's pregnant and Daddy knows but how does he know. Patrick O'Callaghan had a mischievous look on his face as Maggie came back, \"what nonsense is your father talking now,\" she said half laughing. \"I was just about to toast the two latest additions to the O'Callaghan's, Anna and my new calve,\" he quipped. John burst out laughing as he raised his glass, \"that certainly deserves a drink here's to you Anna definitely the better addition of the two.\" Anna laughed as well,\"I suppose it's an easy comparison to live up to John.\" \"Well to be honest now Anna you are in Kerry and I would be hard pressed to say what Kerry men love more their women or their cattle but I suppose the cows are easier handled, the Kerry women can be a bit feisty from my experience,\" as John secretly nodded his head toward Sinead who stuck her elbow into his ribs. The food was delicious the majority of it provided by the farm, lamb from the spring flock, vegetables from the garden and dessert was a home baked apple pie with fresh cream from the dairy. Patrick sat back in his chair contented, he had addressed most of his remarks toward Anna during dinner, \"As you see Anna we are pretty much self-sufficient here the farm nearly provides all we need accept someone to take over from me.\" Anna was acutely aware of Declan shifting uncomfortably in his seat as the last remark was obviously aimed at him. \"Took me a lifetime to build all you see here and it would seem that it was all for nothing.\" \"Dad how many times do we have to go over this I am not interested in farming,\" said Declan. \"But you will serve beer and whisky to all those drunkards in Dingle,\" countered Patrick. \"We do more than serve alcohol I have a nice restaurant and I love to cook what's so wrong with that.\" \"There's nothing wrong with it son apart from the fact you are up to your eyes in debt and if hadn't been for the village bailing you out you would be on the street.\" Declan's face turned crimson and his eyes dropped to the table in embarrassment. Maggie quickly interjected her husband before he could continue \"Hardly for nothing, shame on you Patrick O'Callaghan I won't tolerate that type of talk at this table be grateful for what we have, a fine healthy family, beautiful grandchildren and a good roof over our heads. These children have their own lives to lead their own families to raise, but rest assured they will survive with or without us and this farm.\" Sinead reached over and squeezed her mother's hand it was an old story one that always came up at every family gathering and never failed to damper the good humor. John cleared his throat and excused himself \"I am going to step out for a cigarette Pat will you join me.\" John was the only one who called him Pat and Patrick suitably abashed at spoiling the moment gratefully accepted the invitation. \"Capital idea John.\" Sinead helped her mother clear the table. Anna spoke quietly to Declan,\" your Dad is a very nice man so different from mine.\" Declan lifted his head as if he had just snapped out of a trance and gave Anna a half smile. \"Yeah I suppose he has his moments.\" Maggie popped her head back in to the room, \"I think we will take our tea in the front room I will just go down and light the fire.\" Out on the patio Patrick and John were talking over their cigarettes, \"Did Declan really nearly lose the bar Pat?\" \"Yes so I'm told, I don't know how much longer he can go on the way he is,\" Patrick was exasperated he was turning 60 at the end of the year and the scare with his heart six months prior had made him re-evaluate his dynasty. As he looked around the vast expanse of his land he said quietly to himself, \"and what am I to do with all this?\" John looked up thinking the remark was for him, \"no use asking me Pat I wouldn't know a bull from a heifer if they both stood up in divorce court together.\" Patrick laughed at the analogy, \"ok I'm going in I suppose I will have to make up for my outburst,\" suddenly he stopped, \"who is that young girl with Declan anyway?\" \"I don't really know much about her this is my first time meeting her but I will tell you this for nothing American or not I never saw anyone more Irish in my life.\" In the front room Maggie had lit the fire and Sinead had kicked off her long boots and was curled up in one of the corner armchairs like a cat watching her brother and Anna. Declan and Anna were on the couch and Anna had her arm interlocked through his uncomfortably aware of Sinead's stare. Declan lost in thought was still sullen from the encounter with his father, \"Oh for God's sake cheer up Declan, Daddy didn't really mean it, he just has a lot on his mind at the moment.\" said Sinead haughtily. \"That doesn't give him the right to piss on my pub though does it,\" Declan countered angrily. \"Well I have to agree with him. I as much as told you so anyway when you first bought the place, don't get me wrong you are a good chef but it takes more to run a business than being good at cooking.\" Anna could hear the sanctimonious tone in Sinead's voice and she had to bite her lip. \"I don't know what you thought you were going to achieve by taking over that place anyway it might have been as well, if you had lost it.\" Anna couldn't listen any longer, \"your wrong Sinead I think you underestimate Declan. He is not just a good chef he is a great chef and the food at the restaurant is exceptional did you know he only uses local produce to ensure everything is as fresh as possible. What's more he plans to renovate the rooms and the restaurant and yes he knows it's a little pub that doesn't make much money but it has huge possibilities and all it really needs is a woman's touch. Not one person has ever supported Declan since the day he bought it but I intend to change that.\" Declan was speechless in fact so was Sinead he had never heard anyone talk to her like that before and his sister usually full of confidence had no reply to Anna's rebuke. As Declan took Annas hand and kissed it something caught Sineads eye for the first time glinting in the firelight the Claddagh ring on Annas finger reflected the crackling flames. \"Is that Mummys ring?\" Anna nervously covered one hand over the other frighteningly aware that the secret was out as she looked at Sinead in abject horror. Declan looked at Sinead coldly, \"Yes it is Sinead. We are engaged but you are to say nothing not even to John I mean it I want to tell Mum and Dad myself.\" Anna excused herself knowing Declan needed to talk to his sister,\" I think I will see if Maggie needs any help.\" After Anna left Sinead uncurled herself from the seat and leaned closer toward Declan, \"But you barely know her.\" said Sinead. \"I know all I need to know; I love her and want to be with her forever.\" My God thought Sinead he is like a lovesick schoolboy how could he be so stupid the last one took him for a ride and here he was again falling head over heels down the same old road. His sister's face turned a terrible sneer, \"just like Kayleigh.\" Declans body balked like he had been shot, why had Sinead to bring that up, the one name that was guaranteed to ruin his happiness in an instant. An image of her face flooded into his conscious her golden hair, the bright blue eyes and that smile, he would have given his life for Kayleigh and she nearly took it when she left him. \"That was a long time ago,\" said Declan trying to chase the memory of her from his mind. \"What did you know about her either,\" said Sinead with derision, \"You always did wear your heart on your sleeve when are you ever going to learn.\" \"Better than being a cold fish like you, you should get your own house in order,\" responded Declan. \"Before you rearrange mine.\" Declan immediately saw that he had gone too far as the tears welled up in her eyes, \"I am sorry Sinead,\" Sinead had told him about John in confidence a few years ago when he was going through the break up with Kayleigh how John had nearly left her just after they were married. She was an American, John had met her on a business trip to New York and the affair had lasted almost a year off and on. John didn't even know that Declan knew as Sinead had sworn him to secrecy. John was a good father and husband in all aspects apart from that one indiscretion, a good man. Declan liked him a lot but he was a fool and sometimes a fool can be easily persuaded especially when he is far from home and everything he loves. At that moment Patrick walked in, \"you two fighting again some things never change.\" \"No we were just talking\" said Sinead. \"But I think Declan has something to tell you,\" she quickly added as she got up and walked out. \"Bitch,\" thought Declan \"what the hell I'm I going to do now.\" He had had it all planned out in his head Pat and Maggie him and Anna no one else around over a cup of tea. \"Well I supposed I had better get it over with.\" In the chair Anna had vacated Patrick had put on his glasses and was fiddling with the remote control, \"Declan what channel is RTE on this thing there is probably a national league game just started. I will be damned if I know how to work this one I am very rarely in this room your Mother doesn't allow me.\" Declan looked straight at him, \"Da myself and Anna are getting married.\" Patrick didn't even look up \"married you say now who's idea was that?\" \"Well it was mine said Declan getting exasperated. \"When is all this going to happen then?\"said Patrick still poking at the control. \"Da for Gods sake put that thing down and listen this is important.\" \"Of course it's important and marvelous and exciting,\" said Maggie as Declan turned to see her at the door and behind her smiling nervously was Anna. \"Well son I wish you both the best of luck now change this thing over too RTE One.\" Declan laughed and shook his head and quickly flipped the channel over as the room filled with the raucous noise of a football match. Maggie hugged Declan and gave Anna a huge kiss on the cheek \"this calls for a celebration, \"she said \"truly welcome to the family Anna.\" ","Summary":" Suddenly Anna was as nervous as she had ever been in her life. This is ridiculous she thought to he"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Breakfast In Bed","Author":"NAP1815","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10564573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The early morning light filled the room with a translucent orange glow that filtered through the threadbare curtains. As the rays of sunlight crept across Anna's face her eyes flickered open to find a head of tousled black hair nestled against her and below it she could feel the heat and pulse of a strong muscular body pressed against hers its arms wrapped protectively around her waist. Suddenly she was acutely aware that they were both naked, obviously naked if everything she remembered about last night hadn't been just a dream. In the four years she had spent with Jeremy she had never slept naked and having known Declan only a short time she was surprised and not a little embarrassed by how uninhibited she had been but it had felt so right, so natural, so perfect like it never had before. As she lay still Declan's breath against her neck sent shivers up and down her spine and as she watched his chest rise and fall she had an irresistible urge to reach out and run her hand across its smooth curves. Anna's touch made Declan stir and as he awoke his arms unwrapped themselves from around her as he stretched and yawned like a sleepy lion. Her lovely lovely lion, she thought. \"Good morning beautiful, how did you sleep?\" he said as a bright smile of contentment stretched across his face as he saw her looking at him. \"Not much if I am not mistaken it was quite an eventful night,\" she whispered in his ear as she rolled over to face him. \"A marvelous night,\" said Declan as his smile took a more mischievous twist. Anna blushed uncontrollably and Declan leaned over and planted a kiss on her cheek as he propped himself up on one elbow. His eyes were as green as the ocean outside the window and they glinted wickedly as he reached out and touched Anna's shoulder with his finger before he traced it down the length her arm. An electric tingle ran through Anna's body arousing her as he leaned over to kiss her passionately she ran her hands ran through his dark hair grabbing a handful of unruly curls. She loved his hair wild and uncontrollable like his life, dark like the mystery she had yet to unfold on this new journey she had undertaken with him. \"Ok this is getting a little bit out of control,\" he said \"I don't want you to think I only want you for your body\". \"You mean you don't find me so irresistible that you can't keep your hands off me.\" \"I had better get down to the kitchen and see what's cooking before I really show you what you do to me?\" he replied as he swung his legs out of bed. Anna's mouth dropped at the corners, \"promises, promises I can't believe you are leaving me already?\" \"I am going down to get us some breakfast and if I remember correctly and from what my stomach is telling me right now neither of us had any dinner last night.\" Anna suddenly realized she was famished she had not eaten since she had left Boston yesterday in fact her last meal had been on the Aer Lingus flight. \"Ah ok that sounds good you have my permission to go and prepare my breakfast but I must insist that you don't be too long.\" \"My permission indeed,\" Declan reached over and gave Anna a playful slap on the backside and as she let out a little yelp of shock he quickly jumped out of the bed grabbing his shorts and t-shirt and made a run for the door. Downstairs the kitchen was cold especially the quarry tile floor and Declan regretted the fact he hadn't pulled on any socks as he hurried to get the breakfast ready. It was a simple Irish affair, toasted batch bread, thick cut orange peel marmalade, two fried eggs, cereal, juice and a huge pot of Barry's tea. As Declan walked back into the bedroom Anna was pulling on her dressing gown the same floral robe that he had first seen the morning he walked in on her many weeks ago. \"Oh lovely,\" Anna's eyes ran eagerly over the loaded breakfast tray, \"I didn't realize I was so hungry till you mentioned food.\" Declan set the breakfast tray down on the bed as Anna sat on the bed across from him totally relaxed in the lotus position that woman find so comfortably easy, she hadn't even bothered to tie her robe closed and as she leaned forward to take a piece of hot buttered toast the front of it fell open. Declan couldn't resist letting his eyes wander up her body, she was so beautiful but not in that stereotypical supermodel way, Anna had a natural beauty that was non-contrived, effortless even, sitting cross legged with her hair a mess and not a scrap of makeup to Declan she was irresistible. Anna noticed him staring and pulled her gown closed. \"What are you looking at,\" she half laughed. \"You! Can I not look at the woman I love?\" Anna blushed again, \"Well how do I look after a night of passion do I meet your approval Mr O'Callaghan.\" \"You are goddamn beautiful Anna and you know it, the thought of you marrying your doctor has been driving me crazy these past weeks. I tried to forget you but every time the pub door opened I would look up hoping it was you coming back to turn my life upside down again.\" It was the most she had ever heard Declan say in one sentence at that moment she realized she had made the right decision to come back. \"I know,\" she said, \"I felt the same way there I was in Boston all my plans had finally worked out but I didn't want to be there, because you were here.\" \"What made you come back?\" \"It was a lot of different things really; I have to admit our little adventure together has given me many sleepless nights. Jeremy actually had a recording of the proposal I must have watched that clip twenty times watching you in the background walking out of my life, wondering what you were about to say or do, thinking would I ever be kissed like that again. I knew if I didn't come back to tell you how I felt I would regret it for the rest of my life.\" \"Yeah that was a good kiss,\" laughed Declan. As she spoke Anna looked down hiding her face from Declan's gaze, \"When you walked away yesterday it felt like my hopes and dreams were ruined.\" Even though he couldn't see her eyes Declan could hear the tremor in her voice and only now realized how badly he had hurt her. That he had caused her pain was tearing at his heart strings and Declan saw for the first time that behind that confident business persona, the always immaculate appearance and the expensive tastes was a little girl who had never been given a chance to grow up. A little girl who had been constantly let down to the point where she didn't trust anything she couldn't control or understand, a little girl who craved a future life of prestige and privilege in exchange for a past of disappointment and heartbreak. For her to come back to him must have been one of the toughest decisions she had ever had to make in her life, to give up everything she knew and had worked so hard for, on the chance that he might want her. How had he rewarded such a leap of faith, with silence and ambiguity that inflicted a heartbreak that had caused her to run from him? Declan's stomach was in knots but he resolved from that moment forward he would never cause her another moment of suffering; \"Anna darling I am so sorry I think I must have been in shock that you were here or delirious with joy or something, anyway I wasn't thinking straight all I knew was I wanted that ring and I wanted to marry you, I promise I will never hurt you like that again.\" Declan set the tray on the floor and took her face in his hands and kissed her softly on the lips. \"Come here\" Declan wrapped her in his arms and he could immediately feel the tension relax in her body as she buried her head in his shoulder he could hear the first muffled sob. He held her gently until the sobbing subsided and as she looked up into his face he wiped the small tears from her eyes. Anna smiled; \"You must think I am one of those histrionic Americans who can't survive without her shrink.\" \"No, I am just glad that you came back to me, I want you to know that you never have to feel that you need to hide from me I love you no matter what.\" Anna kissed him; \"Thank you for breakfast and for being you.\" ","Summary":" The early morning light filled the room with a translucent orange glow that filtered through the th"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Pillow Talk","Author":"PlaneJane8","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7597335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pillow Talk Warm morning sun peeked between the dusty curtains and fell across Anna's bare arm and slid over her shoulder. The full-length heater behind her stirred to life and the heavy arm across her rib cage shifted. The low rumble in her ear caused a fluttery feeling in the pit of her belly. \"Well, darling, I trust you slept well.\" So it wasn't just a dream then. It was him. He was the heat source. She was here; in Ireland, in bed, with Declan. Something she had envisioned for months. Her stomach fluttered as flashbacks from the night before flooded her thoughts. A rosy blush stole up her cheeks before she turned over into his arms and pressed herself against his warm chest. \"I did.\" She grinned up into his scruffy face, \"When I wasn't being ravaged by a lewd and lanky Irishman.\" He rolled her on top of him. \"Ravaged?\" Oh how she already adored that mischievous twinkle in those fair isle eyes. \"It was delightful.\" She grinned watching his mouth twist into a sleepy smile then shivered as his lean hand slid over her hip bone and down across her buttocks. \"-I'm glad you found it delightful.\" He said with a happy-go-lucky tone splaying his hand against the curve in her lower back, \"I thought it was earth-shattering myself, but there you go.\" He lifted a hand to tuck a curl of hair behind her ear smiling philosophically, \"I don't suppose you'd be willing to have another go later in view of helping me get it just right?\" \"I think you're well aware that you got it more than 'just right' more than once,\" she answered with a giggle. \"I aim to please.\" \"I'll bet you say that to all the girls,\" she ran her fingers through his tousled hair, loving the way the dark ends curled against the pillow. His vivid blue eyes crinkled. \"All the girls?\" He repeated pulling a face. \"What girls? Do you mean Bessie the baker? She's already got a husband and three little ones.\" \"I meant the girls that come to the pub.\" \"Aren't many of those.\" He took in the features of her face with an appreciative gaze. \"But, then again, I wasn't exactly looking very hard.\" \"I suppose you were too busy pining over an unforgettable redhead,\" she made a face to show him she was joking. \"You were hard to forget,\" he agreed turning serious. Her face brightened and her voice lifted, \"You thought about me?\" \" 'Course I did.\" He paused stroking her shoulder, \"But, I tried not to. I didn't want to think about what might have happened if I'd had my say and Jimmy-\" \"Jeremy.\" She corrected him. \"Right. Jeremy, the idiot, hadn't shown up when he did.\" \"I wondered too.\" \"Bad timing.\" \"Yes.\" She agreed. \"Very bad timing.\" She marveled that this deep connection, a fission of minds almost, was being mirrored back at her. Somehow instinctively, a part of her recognized that her encounter with Declan O'Callaghan had left her with an imprint of the possibility of another life, one that didn't require her to be anything but herself. She stared down into his eyes and found the same curious mixture of bemusement and joy. Authenticity. That's what Declan seemed to want most from her and as she'd been quickly discovering since she'd met him, she couldn't be anything but authentic, when he challenged her in unexpected ways. His voice dipped down into the sexy, husky tone that gave her goosebumps. \"Yes. You were on my mind quite a lot. Always on my mind, as the song goes.\" He gazed into her eyes soulfully, \"But then again, a guy tends to remember a woman who trashes his car, gets him punched in the nose...\" He blinked slowly before taking her hand and placing it on his heart. \"And burrows into his heart.\" \"Did I really?\" she asked looking gratifyingly pleased about it as she reached up to kiss the scruffy cheek. He pulled her down to him and kissed her firmly, but briefly before releasing her with a grin. \"Damn woman, you were there.\" His voice was still husky with sleep, \"She was an absolute wreck. It was only the dedication of a good mechanic that got her back on the road.\" She thumped on his chest playfully, \"Declan!\" \"Have I mentioned how glad I am that you're back?\" She thumped him again convinced he was teasing her again and they tousled a bit before he grabbed her wrists and held her fast. \"It's true sweetheart!\" His amusement faded. \"I didn't think I'd ever see you again.\" She quivered in response to the naked passion in his eyes and shifted towards him. \"And I couldn't stop thinking about you.\" She felt his hands curve around her. \"I kept imagining us together, here at your pub, in your room.\" She stared at his wry mouth, wanting to feel his lips pressed up against hers. \"You did?\" She nodded, drinking in the slopes and lines of his face. \"When were you thinking about that?\" \"After you kissed me. At the B and B.\" \"Had I known that darling, you wouldn't have gotten back on that plane in the first place.\" She loved his cocky self-assurance. \"Really?\" She purred. \"What would you have done?\" \"Well, for starters.\" He rolled her onto her back and wrapped her legs around his hips. I'd definitely have tried to kiss you again.\" With his lean naked body pressed up against her, her body was on fire. His elbows were resting on either side of her head, his weight was heavy against her, pressing her into the mattress. She couldn't resist teasing him, \"And if that went well?\" \"Then I would have taken it as a positive sign and pulled out all my best moves.\" \"You have moves?\" \"Yes,\" He answered a bit testily. \"You saw a few of them last night.\" \"They were good.\" She was quick to assure him. \"That was only the warm up.\" \"Oh.\" Anna's eyes widened. \"Wonderful.\" ","Summary":" Pillow Talk Warm morning sun peeked between the dusty curtains and fell across Anna's bare arm and "},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"A Surprise Guest","Author":"NAP1815","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10577934","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Surprise Guest The phone was ringing for what Anna thought was a ridiculously long time and all the while she could see Declan getting more irritated by the second. \"I told you we should have just went.\" he said, \"it is pointless calling that house no one ever answers the damn phone.\" \"No\", said Anna, \"as I told you I am not turning up at your mother and fathers house uninvited that is not the proper way to do things.\" \"But you are in Ireland now; you can turn up at someone's house here, anytime, that's just the way it is.\" All the while the phone kept ringing and Anna couldn't help but smile, \"Don't they have an answer machine,\" she said as she raised her eyebrows in mock amazement. Declans brow furrowed in a fierce scowl at Anna's joke yet he couldn't help but smile back as he noticed the mischievous look in her eye that he had come to love so different from the uptight Anna he had first met. \"Were lucky they even have a phone never mind the answer machine if Sinead hadn't put it in they would still be cut off from civilization, damn it they are cut off from civilization because they never answer the bloody thing.\" Suddenly Anna heard a click and the phone stopped ringing on the other end and then a muffled female voice. \"Hi Ma, I was wondering what time were you having the dinner at? Ok good. Will there be anyone else there? Oh right. I was just asking because I wanted to bring someone over to meet you and Da. Perfect we will see you around two then.\" Well said Anna \"what did she say, was that it, you were very short and sweet?\" \"Nothing much, she said they were having the dinner at three and Sinead and John would be there with the two girls.\" Sinead was Declans oldest sister but as of yet Anna hadn't met any of the family. According to Declan she was supposedly the brains, she had studied law at Trinity where she met John her husband. They moved back to his home place in Cork where they had a small solicitor's office but the two girls took up the most of her time now and it was mainly up to John to run the business. She had been involved in the initial legalities of helping Declan buy the Caragh but had never visited there since; it was what she liked to call according to Declan a smelly old man's pub. Declan kind of implied that his sister was a bit stuck up, not quite unlike how he felt Anna was when he first met her. \"You two should get on famously,\" he had laughed. Anna was a bit more nervous of meeting Sinead than Declans mother but what could she do, it was her idea so she turned quickly on her heel and headed for the stairs. \"I had better go get ready what time will we leave?\" She called back to Declan. \"Around one thirty should be ok\" said Declan. Anna was at odds what to wear she didn't want to be too formal or too casual and when she questioned Declan on the subject like most men he was utterly useless in that respect. \"I actually prefer you in as little as possible,\" teased Declan, \"but somehow I don't think it would be a good look to meet my parents.\" She finally settled on a cream chiffon knee length dress interlaced with delicate floral embroidery around the bodice by Alexander McQueen and a pair of four inch black pumps. She decided to wear her hair down as she knew Declan liked it that way and to keep her makeup simple. She looked stunning and Declan told her so. As she finished her makeup she shot the question at Declan, \"hadn't you better get ready,\" who taking the hint to wear something respectable pulled out a decent shirt and a pair of slacks to go with the new sports coat Anna had bought for him. The drive to his parent's house was spectacular, the narrow winding road took them though a long deep valley that was overlooked by rocky mountain crags and according to Declan the road would eventually end at the sea that glinted far in the distance. They passed a beautiful lake whereupon about a half mile farther on they turned onto a wide concrete lane lined with what looked like young ash trees. During the journey Anna had plenty of time to ask questions about the people she was going to meet. Declans father was a farmer and the house the O'Callaghans lived in was built on a high hill called Caraghmore that overlooked the surrounding area and most particularly the wide scenic lake which was alive on that leisurely Sunday afternoon with activity. The farm had been left to Patrick O'Callaghan as a wedding present by a late Uncle and had always been one of the finest farms for miles about. The oul boy as Declan referred to him had spent his life dairy farming and had accumulated more and more land through the intervening years until it had become one of the largest farms in the Dingle peninsula. However neither of the two O'Callaghan boys wanted the farm, Declan or Sean had not the slightest interest in farming much to their fathers chagrin and now that he was older he was unable to keep up with the responsibility even though one of his nephews was now lending a hand. Declans older brother Sean the first born of the family had trained to be a mechanic and opened up a small business in Tralee while he had been working part time as a long distance lorry driver. He now owned and operated his own local haulage company and was getting ready to expand nationwide. As the little Renault spluttered to a stop in the driveway Anna stepped out to a panoramic view of the lake and the surrounding countryside all the way to the sea in the distance. Declan heard her let out a little gasp, \"My God this is so beautiful I can't believe you grew up here!\" Declan shrugged and twisted his nose, \"it's alright I suppose.\" The family home was an old fashioned farmhouse which was on a slight rise at the back of the farm. It stood on its own not a remarkable house by any means but it was solid and pebble dashed an off white, the five windows set in the front where of a size and proportion that more or less pleased the eye around which ivy crept up to the cornices. One welcoming feature though was the huge front door which was painted a bright signal red and in the centre was an old fashioned brass knocker to call the occupants to come hither. However there was one aspect of the house which was simply breathtaking, the gardens, they were immaculate, obviously well cared for, a genuine labor of love on someone's part and the different colors' and ranges of floral that bloomed on display everywhere complimented the old farm house spectacularly. The garden was enclosed by tidy square cut hedges and high firs that were probably there for shelter as much as privacy and the lawn was flat and cropped like a bowling green. Declan saw Anna staring at the garden in obvious appreciation. \"My Ma's passion that is, she spends hours out here says it relaxes her especially when me Da's driving her mad.\" Declan walked round to the side of the house. \"Are we not going in,\" said Anna puzzled as to why Declan was not knocking at the front door. She had the luxury that she hadn't quite learned the Irish culture yet, that the front door of an Irish home was for special guests and new acquaintances and that family and close friends always entered by the kitchen. It seemed though that Declan was forgetting his manners and force of habit led him to the side door into the kitchen where he was going to introduce his bride to be too a part of the house his mother was unlikely to want her guest to see just yet. As Anna followed him into a small ante room she was met by the sight of wellingtons and work boots lined up inside the door covered with what she could only imagine to be dried cow poo. From behind another door she could hear the heavy Irish brogue of loud male voices, there was an argument going on about some football match that had been played the Sunday before with the occasional swears thrown in for good measure. \"Hello all,\" said Declan as he opened the door and stepped in. Anna could see past Declan that they were in the kitchen and on one side of the room was a large wooden table with three heavy set young men in overalls eating dinner. Donal was the first to speak, \"Declan boyo it's not too often we see you up here through the pish and the shit what are you up to lad.\" Anna heard a feminine voice retort, \"Donal O'Neill there is absolutely no need for that filthy language at my table if you cannot hold your tongue you can finish your dinner out in the yard.\" Donal suitably chastised could only mumble, \"sorry Mrs. O'Callaghan.\" \"Ma there is someone here I would like you to meet,\" said Declan with a big smile on his face and as he stepped aside Anna got her first glimpse of Maggie O'Callaghan standing beside the stove with a pot of spuds in her hands. She was in her early sixties, small with strawberry blonde hair tied up in a bun with a round kindly face and the same green eyes as her son. Over her house dress she was wearing a checked work apron and she was about to put another serving of potatoes out for the farm laborers. Suddenly the talk ceased as the three men caught sight of Anna and Jim Quigley sitting at the low end of the table let out a low whistle as he saw Anna standing in the doorway only to be followed by an expletive as Maggies hand clattered off the side of his head. Maggie O'Callaghan turned to her son and Anna recognized that same fierce look she sometimes saw in Declans eyes when he wasn't happy about something, \"Declan O'Callaghan did I teach you no manners at all why on Gods earth would you bring this young girl in here among these hooligans, out out out around to the front door with you,\" as she pushed him back out the way he came. \"Bloody hell Ma what gives.\" \"How could you embarrass me like this and this lovely young girl get round to that door and knock like a civilized human being.\" Outside in the yard Anna could see that Declan was fuming she didn't know whether to laugh or sympathize at his predicament so she decided to say nothing, \"Jesus Christ,\" he muttered to himself as he kicked at a pebble in the yard, \"all right lets go round to the front door and get this over with.\" Declan took her by the hand and stomped around to the front of the house and knocked a little too hard on the door for Anna's liking. It seemed like an age until the door opened and finally there was Maggie O'Callaghan a wide smile on her face her hair combed smooth the checked apron gone and her green eyes twinkling with surprise as if the last five minutes had never happened. Anna was still amazed by the way that the Irish could switch on and off their emotions as the situation suited; Declan had told her it was something to do with their Celtic blood. \" Come in, come in and welcome so.\" The hallway led down to the front room where Anna was introduced formally by Declan to his mother. \"Ma this is Anna Brady from Boston.\" said Declan quietly. Anna reached out her hand to Maggie, \"nice to meet you Mrs O'Callaghan Declan has told me so much about you that I feel as if I know you already.\" Declan shot Anna a sideways glance of horror trying to recollect what he had told Anna. Declans mother stepped inside Annas outstretched hand and gave Anna a brief hug, \"That doesn't sound like my son,\" said Maggie, \"but it is very nice of you to say so my dear. It is a pleasure to meet you Anna welcome to our home. Have a seat make yourself comfortable I will just get us some tea.\" As Maggie retreated to the kitchen Declan let out a huge sigh of relief and plopped down onto a nearby love seat; \"Thank God that's over with.\" \"Your mother is lovely,\" said Anna smiling at Declan, who could only shake his head in amazement at how the female mind worked. As Anna sat on the couch she noticed the family pictures and portraits everywhere of christenings, first communions and weddings that adorned the pastel shaded walls of the front room a visual history of the last thirty something years of the O'Callaghan clan. This was Maggie's room a place where she introduced new acquaintances to the family it was all so much more personal than the formal parties Anna had hosted for Jeremy's parents and work colleagues in Boston the homely feel of the O'Callaghan house dispelled all of Anna's nerves and fears about her initial encounter with Declan's family. \"How many young women have you had sitting on this couch over the years,\" said Anna quizzically to Declan. \"You are actually only the second funnily enough the first time didn't end too well.\" \"Oh I see,\" said Anna, \"then this is quite an honor,\" as she realized that Declan had ever only brought Kayleigh home to meet his mother but now for the first time she felt a little pang of jealously that someone else had won Declan's affections before her. \"I am being silly,\" she thought to herself \"how can I be jealous of someone I don't even know?\" Just then an expensive looking car pulled into the yard and parked near the front door and outside Anna could hear the playful shouts of young children. That must be Declans sister Anna thought to herself with her family once more her nerves began to creep back into the pit of her stomach as she straightened herself in the seat not knowing what to expect. The noise of the initial entrance coming from the kitchen was now subdued only to be replaced by a clatter of footsteps racing down the hallway to the front room as two dark haired young girls burst through the door and threw themselves onto the top of Declan. One was about eight and the other about five as best as Anna could figure. \"Uncle Declan,\" they shrieked as they smothered his face in kisses. \"Whoa now,\" said Declan, \"let a man breathe,\" but the kissing assault continued until Declan wrapped his arms firmly around their waists and the tickling commenced. The shrieks reached what could only be described as a fever pitch as Declan showed no mercy his long fingers moving from one rib to another as the small hands feebly tried to swat his tickling attacks away. A shout came from the kitchen Aoife and Maggie Curran you had better not have your feet up on Granny's couch. \"We surrender,\" they shouted, \"mercy Uncle Declan mercy.\" Anna smiled, obviously it was a ritual that was performed every time Declans nieces met him and the game over both girls settled down beside him on the seat his long arms still wrapped around them. It was just then that they noticed Anna sitting across from them and they went all shy. Aoife the youngest whispered something in Declan's ear, \"She wants to know who you are,\" said Declan. \"My name is Anna it is nice to meet you both.\" Aoife looked over at Declan and said, \"she talks funny.\" Declan laughed. \"Aoife,\" said Maggie as she leaned over and pushed her sisters shoulder, \"that's not nice she is not from here.\" Declan laughed again, \"that's right Anna is all the way from America she came here on an airplane to see me.\" Aoife thought about what he had just said before replying, \"My Daddy has been to America he has a very important job and sometimes the people in America need his help because he says they are so stupid over there.\" \"Aoife Curran what did you just say!\" came a crisp cold voice from the door as all heads turned to find its source. Aoife buried her head in Declan's shoulder. In the doorway stood Sinead Curran tall and dark like her brother but apart from that none of her other features resembled Declan's in any way. She had the most piercing blue eyes that Anna had ever seen and at that moment they seemed to be looking right through her putting her under close scrutiny. \"Anna I must apologize for my children sometimes their Uncle has a strange effect on them. Oh! Declan don't you look smart,\" said Sinead as she appeared to notice his attire. As she walked into the room Anna could see that she was very elegantly dressed long leather boots clad her shapely legs and her black knee length top coat was very stylishly cut, the designer was unmistakable, \"that is a beautiful coat Sinead if I am not mistaken it looks like a Valentino.\" \"Oh I see Declan has mentioned me already. I can only wonder what he has been telling you,\" as she directed a long look toward Declan who seemed to squirm a bit in his seat. \"You are of course correct it is a Valentino, you have a good eye for fashion Anna, John bought it for me the last time we were in the states, 1970's couture I believe.\" \"Yes and it was bloody expensive too but she had to have it,\" said a somewhat exasperated but very well spoken male voice from the door. \"Hello Declan good to see you and this must be Anna?\" John was slightly shorter than Declan with close shaved blond hair and had what Anna could only describe as a very honest face that looked somewhat older than its years. As he walked across the room he offered his hand to her with a warm smile, \"Nice to meet you Anna, I hope my brother in law is treating you well.\" \"Oh yes marvelously.\" beamed Anna taking an instant like to John's amiable personality. Just then Maggie came in with the tea, \"I am afraid we will have to delay the dinner slightly your father is a bit tied up down at the sheds.\" \"It's not like Daddy to work on a Sunday.\" said Sinead. \"Well one of the cows is calving and it seems to be not going to well. There now let me get back to the dinner, help yourselves to tea and biscuits and Anna darling don't be shy make yourself right at home.\" Sinead helped herself to a cup of black tea and Anna was acutely aware that she was being watched, \"So how long have you and Declan known each other?\" \"Sinead that is not really a tea question is it,\" said Declan getting a little irritated by his sister. He realized that she was only doing the over protective big sister thing as she knew how low he had got when Kayleigh up and left him but he didn't want Sinead and Anna to get off on the wrong foot either. He loved his sister but he knew she could be a cold bitch sometimes and Anna once riled was more than a match for her. \"Ok that's fair I suppose maybe you could both tell us then how you met.\" So between them Declan and Anna told the whole story leaving out of course the proposal part. Just then a Jeep rumbled into the yard as Maggie came back into the room, \"Your father is finally here so if you could all make your way down to the dining room we can eat.\" Declan and Anna were the last out of the room, \"are you sure you want to announce our engagement now,\" whispered Anna quietly to Declan, \"I don't think your sister likes me too much.\" \"To be honest darling I don't think she likes anyone too much.\" said Declan as he clasped her hand firmly in his giving her fingers a little squeeze. \"Let's go remember I love you and you love me and that is all that matters right now everyone else will just have to deal with it in their own way.\" ","Summary":" A Surprise Guest The phone was ringing for what Anna thought was a ridiculously long time and all t"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Go on and Kiss the Girl","Author":"wimseyfive87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13071483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a bit of fluff. Anna's thoghts when Declan kisses her for the first time. Love this movie, but I don't own any of it. \"Go on, kiss the girl,\" Frank cried, the others around the table echoing him. Anna shook her head. This was not the way she thought she'd be spending her weekend. She thought she'd just fly to Dublin to propose to her boyfriend on Leap Year. Piece of cake. Instead, she had hit Ireland like a hurricane and was staying at a little bed-and-breakfast with the weirdest people she had ever met. There was the Italian couple, married for ages and still in obvious heat. The sweet landlady, Eileen, who only approved of married couples. The curmudgeonly owner, Frank, who was beginning to sound like Sebastian from The Little Mermaid. Then there was, of course, Declan. She could see him squirming next to her in his chair, as the others kept cheering them to kiss. She and Declan had lied to their hosts, pretending they were actually a married couple. Anything to get a roof over their heads for the night. Anna had even helped Declan prepare dinner for the guests and landlords. Now, she could see him trying to find another route to keep their hosts happy and not find themselves on the street. Declan. He ran a hand through his tousled black hair and scratched at his beard. She had only known him for two days and she felt more connected to him than any man she had ever known - including Jeremy, her boyfriend. Their strange road trip had begun after she landed in Ireland and had hired him to drive her to Dublin to meet Jeremy. In a series of bizarre adventures (seriously, her life hadn't been nearly this hectic and dramatic in America), they had ended up at the b-and-b - dirty, tired, starving and without a car. With anyone else, Anna would have been on the phone with the U.S. Embassy. She did not like adventure or chaos or insanity. She had had enough of that growing up. Instead of calling in the calgary, she realized that she feltsafe in Declan's hands. No matter what crazy, strange tornado life was going to throw at them next, Anna knew she would survive it because of him. She had never felt so calm, so anchored before. Not even Jeremy had kindled these raw, new emotions. The idea that this tall, goofy Irishman beside her could affect her in such a way frightened and intrigued her . She frowned, suddenly very warm. The cries from the cheerleaders around the table weren't helping. Her heart was beginning to flip-flop inside of her. All this talk of kissing, complete with demonstrations, was making her dizzy. She needed to keep it together. Jeremy. She needed to think of Jeremy and her happily ever after. That was what she wanted, wasn't it? \"Kiss her man, kiss the girl!\" Frank shouted again. Anna made a face. Really. This was NOT helping. A pair of warm, rough hands gently turned her face. Before she could speak, Declan pressed his lips against hers. Anna froze, a sudden tingle of shock jostling her heart. She looked into Declan's eyes. They seemed to plead with her to keep up the charade. He didn't want to be kicked out into the cold anymore than she did. She found herself lost in those blue eyes as something else shone though his silent plea. Something deeper, something that echoed in her own heart. All this happened in the space of an instant. Then he was kissing her again, causing her body to softly hum with electricity. She quickly began to kiss him back. She was lost to all time and space. She could feel nothing but Declan's warm mouth against hers. She could hear nothing but her heart fluttering against his. She could see nothing but stars against her eyelids. The musky scent of his sweater sent her spinning into oblivion. She was dimly aware that she had never been kissed like this ever in her life. Her body wanted to drink in more of him with every second of their kiss. Every touch of his body scent sparks traveling under her skin. Even after being with Jeremy (who?) for all these years, she had never felt such passion. She had never felt so alive, her heart fluttering like a butterfly in the wind. Jeremy (?) had never looked at her so tenderly or caressed her cheek with such gentleness. Abruptly, Declan pulled away, breaking the kiss. Reality crashed down upon her head and she felt marooned. She looked at Declan as if seeing him properly for the first time. Reality wanted to tell her that she was only pretending to be married and that she was supposed to love Jeremy, her cardiologist boyfriend. Her world had been tipped upside down and she didn't know if she could handle the chaos of change. His eyes briefly echoed her own confusion before he let her go completely. Declan mumbled something and Anna made a \"ta-da\" gesture with her hands as the others applauded them. She could sense Declan sitting beside her, his shoulders stiff and itching for a chance to escape. She gulped at her drink, her head still spinning. What was wrong with her? How could one man - a man she barely knew - electrify her in a way Jeremy never had? Anna traced her lips with her finger as the others took up their own conversations. No, Jeremy had never caused her heart to stutter like Declan had with one kiss. Jeremy's kisses were short and to the point. He was always waiting for the next text or call from a patient or doctor. Even their sex life was a blur. He was just eager to get on to the next case. That was what she loved about him, wasn't it? His dedication, his ambition, his determination. Then there was Declan. A scruffy, cynical Irishman that she only seemed to irritate and bring chaos into his life. For every harsh word he shot her way, though she could see a softness that he kept hidden from daylight. She thought that with time she could slip beneath his hard, rough exterior and shine in the glow of his warm heart. She felt she could travel with him for days or weeks and never get bored. He could make her laugh or tell her a sweet story to cheer her when she thought her heart would break. He wasn't afraid to argue with her and she loved to argue. He could make her feel a thousand emotions with one look or one brief touch of his hand. Something deep inside of her told her not to turn her back on Declan. He was something special that was created just for her. He fit her personality like a glove. The voice inside of her cried out for Declan, but was silent when she thought of Jeremy. \"I think it's time we cleared out plates and let the love birds go to bed,\" Frank chortled to his wife. She agreed with a laugh and there was a sharp symphony of chair sliding and plate scraping. \"Let me wash up,\" Declan offered. \"It's the least I can do for your fine hospitality.\" Anna looked up at him, his kindness still a surprise to see after spending time with his surly innkeeper. Even when not at his own bed and bath, he tried to play host. It was a role that suited him well. \"Here, I'll help too,\" Anna offered. \"No, sweet pea. You go straight to bed. I'll join you later,\" he said loudly for the benefit of their hosts. Frank and Eileen chucked in approval. Love birds , they seemed to say. Anna handed her plate to Declan, who refused to make eye contact. He practically ran out of the room with his arms full of dishes. She soon heard furious scrubbing from the kitchen. Anna slowly made her way past the kitchen's open door. As she did, Declan happened to look up at the same time. Their eyes met and she gave him a small smile. He smiled back crookedly. Embarrassed, she quickly turned and headed for the stairs and their room. A thousand emotions ran through her body. She could hardly identify any of them. They fluttered in front of her like pages of a picture book. She flipped too quickly through them - afraid to recognize any of these new feelings. All she knew was that she still had to get to Dublin to propose to Jeremy. And she knew she wasn't going anywhere without Declan. She hoped by the time she got to Dublin, she could sort out a least some of her scattered feelings. Until then, she knew she would have one hell of an adventure. ","Summary":" Just a bit of fluff. Anna's thoghts when Declan kisses her for the first time. Love this movie, but"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Pillow Talk- part 5","Author":"PlaneJane8","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11660959","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"She sure does lads. That's why I'm going to marry her.\" A hushed awe met his announcement, which might have been due to the surprise of the news in general, or the wrathful look on his face. But before anything more inflammatory could be said, Declan opened Anna's door and hustled her into the passenger seat. As he walked around to the driver's side he could feel her eyes on him. Anna could endure a good amount of personal ridicule he well knew, but public ridicule was a whole other matter. \"See ya lads.\" He wrenched open his door, and with a impressive attempt at a cheerful wave he pulled out of the parking lot. They were barely around the corner before Anna rounded on him. \"I can't believe you!\" He put his hand soothingly on her thigh. \"Now darling. It was just a bit of fun.\" \"Fun?\" She knocked his hand away. \"Is that what it was?\" \"The sparkle in her azure coloured eyes faded to dull gunmetal grey as she looked at him. \"From my end it feels a bit mean-spirited.\" \"I'm sorry sweetheart. It was meant in good humour. And to be fair-\" He began, using a soothing tone of voice that only seemed to make her angrier, \"There are an awful lot of redheads in Ireland. It might just as easily have been anyone.\" \"Really?\" Anna's eyes flared in disbelief. \"Do you expect me to believe your family and friends don't see the huge coincidence of a strange redhead showing up on your doorstep only a few short weeks after you crucified a red haired dummy at your fundraiser?\" Declan winced. She'd clearly picked up on the loaded comments. \"If it makes you feel any better, my entire family is going to enjoy raking me over the coals.\" \"No, it doesn't make me feel better actually.\" Her face crumpled momentarily, \"It makes me feel worse because I'm sure that very shortly everyone in the whole village will know about this too. Isn't that right?\" He saw the sheen of humiliated tears in her blue eyes, and his heart ached knowing she was right. He really was a ruddy idiot at times. The truth was, he'd been so caught off guard by her sudden appearance in his restaurant, so preoccupied by recent developments that he hadn't stopped to consider the repercussion of the events of the last month and how they would be perceived by everyone. He tried to place a soothing hand on her knee, \"In retrospect, a cardiologist dummy would have been the better choice.\" Her eyes flared, \"Don't you dare try and joke your way out of this.\" He turned instantly serious, and gathered his thoughts before he spoke, \"The whole thing was an unintentional-\" \"-Unintentional?\" She laughed harshly, \"So the whole thing was an 'accident'?\" \"-Kind of.\" He paused, his eyes scanned the countryside as if searching for the answer himself. \"Well in a way it was accidental. I owed a good deal of money to Lenny O'Donnell for the kitchen reno and he was demanding full payment-\" \"So you sold me out for a kitchen reno?\" \"It's not that simple-\" \"Sounds simple.\" He tried again, \"Look. I was disappointed with the way the trip ended-\" \"Disappointed?\" Her face plummeted. \"So was I,\" she argued, \"But I didn't create a voodo doll to look like you or put a hex on your name to deal with it!\" she added. \"No one said anything about a hex.\" Declan exclaimed, wide-eyed, \"Or a voodoo doll!\" \"No. You just turned me into a carnival dummy! How could you let me meet everyone, your family even, not knowing about this?\" she asked in a voice of deadly quiet. His eyes left the road to look pleadingly into hers, \"C'mon sweetheart. It's not as bad as you're making it sound.\" \"You created a dummy to represent me!\" Anna glared, \"And then you invited all your family and friends to stick it with darts and drown it for money!\" Declan finally realized that the conversation was going to require all of his attention and he pulled over onto the side of the road in order to avoid an accident. He turned in his seat, elbow on the steering wheel. \"It wasn't supposed to represent you ! Well what I mean is, I didn't set out to make a dummy in your honour. I actually didn't make it at all, truth be told. Emile was left in charge, and I guess he'd heard, like everybody else, about the car trouble I had on the way to Dublin with the bossy, red-headed American.\" \"So Emile is going to be your scapegoat?\" \"He was the one who put it together, donned the red wig and trotted it out to the dunk tank-\" \"-You never stopped him.\" \"How could I stop him? He bought the bloody wig in Cardigan!\" Anna just stared. \"It's a two hour drive!\" Declan explained, \"I didn't want to appear unappreciative of his efforts! Besides, my pride was hurt. I was the broke and lowly innkeeper who'd lost out to the rich, successful jerk. It was pretty obvious Anna, that Jeremy's biggest attraction for you was the fact that he was a cardiologist. How was I supposed to compete with that?\" It turned out to be the wrong thing to say and he recognized it immediately. The diminutive creature in front of him was already quivering with schoolgirl outrage even before he'd accused her of being mercenary. She sprung out of the Renault 4 with surprising sprightness, Declan thought, given the height of her heels. He watched her begin the march down the side of the road and felt the irony in repeating this familiar scenario again, before getting out and following her. \"Anna? Where are you go'in? You can't walk all the way back to the inn. It's further than you think.\" \"So, you think I'm superficial? Fine. I'd rather walk then spend another moment in that heap you call a car!\" \"Anna!\" She ignored him, calling over her shoulder with a slightly hysterical note in her voice. \"Do you want to know what I was doing one month after I left Ireland?\" She stopped, turned around and faced him squarely. \"You'll laugh. It's absolutely ridiculous. I was feeling guilty at my engagement party! That's right, despite the fact that my fiance was a perfectly lovely cardiologist , I couldn't stop thinking about this stupid, infuriating Irishman I'd spent a harrowing forty eight hours with...\" Declan searched her animated face for signs of forgiveness, but could detect nothing but self disgust. \"And it was harrowing, Declan O'Callahan. Don't for a minute think that your momentary kindnesses made up for all that... mockery in between.\" Her gaze faltered, \"So while you were playing juvenile games acting out my demise,\" she continued chokingly, \"I was fantasizing about what you were about to say before Jeremy interrupted us-\" Considering what she'd just learned, it was all too humiliating. She spun around and kept walking, \"Joke's on me, I guess. I have to be the stupidest woman on the planet.\" It wasn't a good sign that she seemed just as angry with herself as she was with him, he knew that much. \"Anna.\" Declan caught up with her, trying to get her to stop walking away from him. \"I thought about that moment too-\" She shook him off. She was not ready to talk of tenderness. \"-Do you realize this is the second time you've embarrassed me in the last twenty-four hours?\" Declan winced again. \"Just yesterday you abandoned me in the dining room in front of all your customers-\" \"-So that I could propose to you with the Claddagh ring. I wanted to do things properly.\" \"Properly would have been not leaving me standing there like an idiot in the first place!\" He tried taking her hand again. \"You're right, but believe me, those same customers saw a very distraught man when I returned to find you gone.\" \"Good!\" She glared up at him snatching back her hand. \"I hope you felt as humiliated as I felt in the moment that you abandoned me.\" Her eyes teared up, \"And as humiliated as I feel now, for that matter.\" He took her by the shoulders before he could stop himself. \"I'm very sorry, Anna. Please let me explain-\" \"-You already did-\" she retorted. She made a move to shake him off, but Declan held her firmly by the shoulders and looked pleadingly into her eyes. \"Please Anna... When I left you that day in the hotel lobby, I thought that was the end of it. I didn't think I'd ever see you again, darling. And after I got drunk, I decided that I had to put you out of my mind-\" \"Congratulations, sounds like that was successful-\" \"-It wasn't. Not even close because before you even went off with Jason-\" \"-Jeremy-\" \"-I'd already imagined you into my future-\" Anna stilled to hear this new admission. \"-All that day, on the bus into Dublin, I kept catching sight of our reflection in the bus window, thinking about what it would be like if we were together, if I was the guy you wanted to be with and had traveled across the ocean for. Because there were times during those three days when it felt like we were together, that we were the couple. And I started to really like that.\" He could see her softening at his admission, so he owned up to more. \"I convinced myself you had feelings for me despite the fact that the whole purpose of the trip was so you could go and propose to someone else.\" He shook his head, seemingly at his own stupidity. \"And then he showed up.\" Declan continued, \"Just like he was supposed to, but I didn't want you to leave. It slayed me, Sweetheart, seeing him propose to you like that, like it was an afterthought. You deserved better than that, and it made me angry to see that he didn't really appreciate you. I felt like I could love you better than him, but instead I was losing out all over again.\" Anna was tearing up so Declan finished hurriedly, \"I didn't want you to marry him, but I didn't have any right to say anything. This was a man you had a four year relationship with and I was the guy you just met. It didn't matter what my feelings were. We ran out of time, I lost my chance and I was bitter about it.\" He shrugged, \"So yeah, when the idea of the Boston ginger took off, I let it gain some momentum. At least exercising my heartbreak was helping to pay back the money I owed.\" She smiled through her tears, \"Did it help?\" Her wobbly smile set off a flare in his heart. \"Well. I won't lie. The money came in handy-\" he paused, when she slapped his chest, \"But the rest of it? Not really. If anything it just reminded me that the real Boston ginger didn't go down without a fight.\" He laced his fingers into her hair, \"I really do love you Anna, and I'm sorry that I've done such a piss poor job of showing it.\" \"Well,\" she slipped her arms around his neck, \"It hasn't been all bad.\" He looked down into her upturned face aglow with forgiveness and exhaled with relief as he pulled her in closer. \"I'm going to do my best to make sure you're never in doubt about how I feel about you ever again.\" \"Ever again?\" she repeated. \"Ever again.\" he confirmed solemnly and kissed her for a long time on the side of the road as the traffic drove slowly by. ","Summary":" \"She sure does lads. That's why I'm going to marry her.\" A hushed awe met his announcement, which"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Home again","Author":"Detective-Inspector-Me","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9581979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I stared down at the rock that was delicately positioned on my finger. It danced and glimmered in the midday sun, but it wasn't its beauty I was thinking of, it was its promise . I was going to marry Jeremy. The feelings inside me were all fighting for control, first, there was obvious satisfaction. It was my life goal to get married, and now I was half way there. On the other hand, something about the proposal wasn't quite right. I lifted the camera from Jeremy's bag and replayed the recording. Then it hit me. There it was. The thing that was wrong. Declan. I watched him start to leave, and then I saw as he turned and was gone, he had that same look that he'd had on the bench when he thought I'd left without him. That evening I lay down to sleep, but every time I did, I dreamt of Declan. I thought back over how I'd felt closer to him than I ever do with Jeremy, and I'd only known Declan for a couple of days. Every time I blinked, I prayed that I'd suddenly wake up with him in the bed beside me instead of my fiance. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. This wasn't what it was supposed to be like. But I'd invested years of my life into my relationship with Jeremy, I wasn't about to throw all my work away. I lay still, unmoving, it felt like that night went on for years but it didn't, and if this night was long what would the rest of my life feel like? Eventually, dawn showed its head and I got up, the possibility of sleep was gone. I went to the kitchen and found very little food but I managed to scrape together some toast and a cup of coffee. I sat at the breakfast bar in the middle of my new kitchen and instead of feeling quietly satisfied, I felt like an intruder. Like I really belonged in Dingle and was trying to fit the mould of the old Anna, who no longer existed. A few hours later I heard Jeremy's beeper go off accompanied by a mass of rummaging and moans coming from the bedroom. A few minutes later he appeared, fully clothed and buttoning his last cufflink. After it snapped in place he gave me a pitiful look and I knew it meant he was going in to work. I tried to look less pleased at the news than I felt, a day alone was exactly what I needed. He gave me a kiss, my heart sank, and he left. A few minutes later and I too was ready to go. I lifted my regular purse but suddenly had a change of heart so I switched all my things in to my Louis Vuitton bag. I patted it gently on the side and whispered 'Hello, Louis'. I smiled to myself and then left. I did the only thing I knew how to do when I was sad and took to the stores, I didn't buy much, when I felt this terrible I knew that not even Channel could make me feel better. The only upside to the day was when I had a brief argument with a shop attendant and finally got my mind of Declan for the first time since I'd got back. I didn't think about him again until I sat down to lunch. I stared down at the menu and was taken aback by the effect seeing the words 'chicken stew' had on me. I ordered it. I figured, if I couldn't ever think about him again, I'd give myself one last lunch. A few hours later I returned to the apartment and got ready for our housewarming party, I'd been excited to show everyone the new place for weeks and that hadn't changed. I was proud of what I'd done to the space and, even for me, I was impressed at how well it had come together. It wasn't until my Dad arrived that I was once again finding myself dreaming of Ireland. A few minutes after he arrived, he took me into the bedroom and set me down. 'Are you alright?' he asked. I gave him the most convincing smile I could manage, but he raised his eyebrow in a way that told me he knew I was lying. 'Sweetie,' he continued, ' a girl who just got engaged is meant to be happy. Especially when she's showing off her new home to her nearest and dearest.' Something about the sentence stopped my response. 'Home' I repeated aloud. 'Home this isn't my home.' After I'd said it out loud I knew it was true, I leapt off the bed, grabbed Louis and shoved as much of my warm clothing as I could manage. I also took my purse and passport. That was all I needed. Well, that and a certain someone. I kissed my Dad goodbye, and he smiled, for the first time in a long while seeing me genuinely happy. A few hours later and I landed in Dublin. The ride to Dingle was less eventful that the last, but I still remembered Declan at every turn on the road. My the evening, I'd arrived at the Caragh. I stayed outside for the longest time and just watched him through the kitchen window. I had no idea what to say. What was I thinking? I'd really hurt him and now here I was asking him to take me in to his home and be with me. God, I was stupid. This was never going to work but I had to try. I gathered all my courage and entered the pub. I removed the card from my pocket and went to the payphone. I dialled the number. 'Hello,' was the reply. Oh, how I'd longed to hear his voice. 'Hello,' I replied, 'I would like to hire you for a few days to take me to Dublin.' 'When,' I could hear his knife chopping as he spoke, which explained the short replies. 'Right now.' I responded, trying to mask my voice as much as possible. 'That all depends on where you are sweet heart.' He replied, this time in a softer tone, but with a little more venom behind it. 'Oh of course, I'm in Dingle. In this little pub called the Caragh.' The voice on the other end of the phone stopped and I heard the distinctive beep which signalled he'd hung up. 'Alright' I heard him say as the door to the kitchen swung open. 'Who was it that called for the bloody taxi?' The room went silent and I took the opportunity to speak up. 'I did.' I said, this time not trying to mask my identity. I saw his body tense and he registered my voice. Slowly he turned and I saw a smile play in his eyes, sadly it didn't make it to his lips though. 'Oh, so will that be a journey for two then?' he said, the softness of his voice gone, but the venom still there. 'Two?' I repeated, 'You and Mr Boston, is he with you?' I could see the hurt the sentence caused him and I wanted to stop that as quickly as possible. 'No,' I replied softly with a brief laugh, 'we didn't work out. It turns out I had to come home.' I watched as his eyes brightened, but then were overcome by a look of confusion. 'Declan,' I said, walking to close the distance between us, and feeling relieved when he did the same, 'I have been sitting at home in my huge apartment with my chiwawa and my duvet and all my shoes and clothes and my cardiologist fiance. But I've been sitting the whole time and I've felt like an intruder. I don't belong in Boston. I belong in Ireland, where it's too cold for fashion and it rains all the time and the names are unpronounceable and the food is inedible, except when you cook, and there is no one who needs their home 'staged' in order to sell it. Come to think of it, Ireland has nothing I want. But it does have one thing I need. It has Mr O'Braidy-Callaghan.' I had another section of this speech prepared, but I didn't get the chance to say it, instead a moment later I found Declan's lips on mine and my arms encircling my waist, I threw my arms round his shoulders and he deepened the kiss when he felt me respond. This was it. I was home. ","Summary":" I stared down at the rock that was delicately positioned on my finger. It danced and glimmered in t"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"What's In A Name?","Author":"velja","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10933647","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What's In A Name? This little scene didn't leave me alone until it was written. It's sort of a continuation of where the movie ended, but it's also kind of a missing scene from the movie. See for yourselves. It starts right after the movie ends, on the cliff. The sun was slowly sinking into the ocean and wrapped the cliff in a deep orange hue. The two people on it didn't pay any attention, they were lost in themselves and their fervent kiss. But eventually Declan let go of Anna's warm lips and, arms still wrapped firmly around her and eyes closed, leaned his forehead against hers. He could feel a shiver go through her delicate body, and as much as he wanted to believe that it was due to his kisses, Declan knew that she was getting cold. He opened his eyes at last. \"We should go back.\" Anna let out a little sigh and finally looked up into his weathered face. Gone was the cynical pull around his lips and the sarcastic and exasperated glint in his eyes that she'd come to associate with Declan. Now his blue eyes shone with joy and his mouth with the unruly beard was twisted into a content smile. Declan looked truly happy. Anna sent him a smile and couldn't resist one last quick peck on his lips before she nodded and took the offered hand to walk with him away from the cliff and back to the pub. She'd love to continue kissing him forever and she realized with a start that she could. They would marry! They would spend the rest of their lives together. Anna threw a furtive glance at Declan. Once again she took in his face, the curve of his nose, his mouth, the set of his shoulders, the feel of his rough palm in her hand as they walked and she made a startling discovery. It all felt so fresh, so new, because it was. She knew next to nothing about this man! She had agreed to marry him, she felt deep down that she loved him, and yet she didn't know him. She'd spent only two days with him, and it had been two of the worst and at the same time best days of her life. But those two days could hardly count as normal, could they? Anna had no idea what everyday life with Declan would be like. She didn't know if he snored (okay, she did know, and yes, he did, but in a cute way), if he liked coffee or tea with his morning paper, if he even read the paper in the morning, she didn't know how he spent his days (apart from working in the pub), who his friends were she didn't even know if he had any family. She didn't know if his parents were still alive, if they lived here in Dingles as well, if he had any siblings, if the man she'd seen in the photo had been his brother or his friend before he'd stolen his former fianc Anna realized that she knew nothing, only that she loved this man. Would that be enough? Declan suddenly seemed to feel her gaze and stopped walking. \"What?\" \"Nothing,\" Anna quickly shook her head and leaned up to kiss him again. \"Just, I love you.\" Declan's smile made her heart beat faster. \"I love you, too.\" He returned her kiss, slow and deep, and then tugged her forward once again. \"Now, come on. They're probably wondering where we've run off to.\" \"Who?\" \"Everyone at the pub,\" Declan shrugged. \"They're a nosy lot. And, in case you were wondering, it doesn't happen everyday that the host walks out to run after a beautiful American redhead that just propositioned him in front of the whole town.\" \"I didn't it wasn't,\" Anna blushed when she thought of earlier, of all the eyes that had been on her. \"Please tell me that it wasn't the whole town in there?\" \"No, not the whole town,\" Declan smiled and pulled her into his arms. \"Most of them weren't locals. But some were, and they've probably alerted everyone by now, so prepare yourself to be welcomed and questioned and examined and prodded and probed at\" \"Oh God,\" Anna hid her face in the crook of his neck and Declan laughed. He placed a kiss onto her head. \"Come on, it won't be that bad. Some of them you already know.\" \"Yeah?\" Anna lifted her head and frowned. \"Who?\" \"Remember Dave and Owen and John? Dave took a nose-dive in front of you the first time.\" \"Oh, right,\" Anna remembered the elderly man that had stood by the phone on her first morning at the pub. He'd been nursing his ale, still or again already, she didn't know, and he'd looked at her friendly enough, before he'd fallen onto his face, drunk. Owen and John had to be the other two elderly men that had sat at the bar, arguing about some crazy superstition or other. All three of them had been there when Declan and Anna had started their journey in his old Renault 4. That suddenly reminded Anna of something. She looked at Declan. \"What happened to your car? Did you salvage it from the river or?\" \"Of course I rescued my baby!\" Declan sounded outraged and playfully proud at the same time. \"She's as good as new!\" Anna smiled at his happy face and they continued to walk on. Declan put his arm around her shoulders. \"But that reminds me,\" he said. \"How's Louis? Did you bring him?\" Louis! Her suitcase! Anna let out a laugh. \"Of course I brought him! I wouldn't go anywhere without him.\" She turned serious and stopped walking once again. \"He's the only thing I could think of to take when my sixty seconds came around.\" \"Really? Good old Louis!\" Declan laughed but stopped when he noticed Anna's serious face. \"Anna?\" \"Huh?\" She was lost in thought, lost in the memory of the night of her engagement and housewarming party. The night she'd decided to turn her whole life around. Declan lifted her chin up so that he could look into her beautiful eyes. \"Anna? Are we talking metaphorical sixty seconds here or did you really?\" She smiled and decided to tell him everything. He deserved to know. \"I really did pull the fire alarm. It was our engagement slash housewarming party and the apartment was full of Jeremy's and my friends. I should have been so happy but all I could think about was you. And I stood in the kitchenette, surrounded by my friends and feeling more lonely than ever. And so I pulled the fire alarm.\" Declan listened to her in silence, one hand on her back, steadying her, while the other played with a lock of red hair. Anna's eyes seemed far away but then they focused on him once again, and she smiled. \"The alarm was blaring on, the others had gotten out, Jeremy was somewhere getting his stupid stuff he thought he'd need, like his laptop and cell phone and the remotes, and I stood there and looked around and there was nothing I needed. And then there was only one thought: Louis! I needed to get Louis! So I ran into the bedroom, grabbed him from his hiding place in the walk-in closet, and left. I even talked to him. I told him: 'Come on, Louis, it's time to go!' I didn't put anything inside, I just took him and left.\" Declan stared into Anna's face. \"You didn't put anything inside? No toothbrush, nothing? You took nothing else?\" \"Well,\" Anna shrugged absentmindedly. \"No. All I could think about was you. I took Louis, I grabbed my purse, and I went.\" \"Aha!\" Declan laughed and pointed a finger at her face. \"You took your purse!\" \"Sure, I needed my ID and my credit cards. How else did you expect me to book a flight?\" \"True enough.\" Declan held out his hand and when Anna had taken it, started walking again. In the distance the pub came into view and with it noises started to reach their ears. Music was playing and people talked and laughed. \"What's it called?\" Declan asked suddenly. \"Huh?\" Anna had no idea what he was asking about. \"Your purse,\" he clarified with a smile and a raised eyebrow. \"I'm sure it's something fancy as well, another famous designer piece with a silly name.\" \"It's not,\" Anna gave him a playful slap on the arm. \"It's not silly.\" \"What is it?\" Anna let out a sigh. \"It's Chanel.\" \"Chanel?\" Declan pursed his lips and seemed to think about it. Then he smirked down at her, his blue eyes twinkling in mirth. \"So Louis has a girlfriend named Coco, huh? I like it!\" Anna laughed out loud and then Declan's mouth descended on hers once again and she laughed into the kiss. Only he would think of something so silly and cute. She'd have to come up with a way to get even. \"What do you call your car? Other than baby I mean?\" \"What?\" Declan broke free and eyed her suspiciously. \"Why would you think she has a name?\" \"Because all men name their cars,\" Anna grinned. \"Their cars and their\" Her eyes traveled down to the front of his pants and Declan couldn't mistake her meaning. \"That,\" he grinned and pulled Anna flush against his body, \"you'll find out soon enough. You're gonna like it.\" \"The name or?\" \"Both, I hope.\" Declan bent down and captured Anna's lips between his own. \"I'm sure of it.\" Later that night Anna found out that indeed she did like both. A lot. When I saw the movie for the first time, I felt immediately like there was something missing. Anna should have remembered Louis when she'd pulled the fire alarm, right? So I hope you like what I made of that. I have no intention of continuing this story (although I'd love to write more). I know that I should finish my other WIP's first. But... never say never. Perhaps I will come back to this story one day. In the meantime, please tell me what you think. ","Summary":" What's In A Name? This little scene didn't leave me alone until it was written. It's sort of a cont"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Dreams come true","Author":"NAP1815","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10336427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dreams come true. The sun had just begun to sink slowly out of sight illuminating the evening sky with glorious rays of pink and gold bringing the day to a climatic close. Far below the high cliff top where the young lovers stood the heavy breakers pounded against the stony rock face with a powerful display of force. Deep in Anna's breast the strong rhythmic beat of Declans heart seemed to pulse in unison with the reverberating noise of the turbulent sea below. As Declan wrapped Anna in his arms and pressed his mouth fiercely against hers the evening breeze buffeted them as she clung tighter to him than to anyone she had previously known. It was as if she was afraid she would lose him again, that it was all make believe that she would awake to find herself in her cold lonely existence in Boston. But just then the warmth of Declans kiss encapsulated her conscious and she was lost once more as her senses whirled in a myriad of joy and passion. The sorrow she had felt ten minutes before and had seemed to Anna like the end of her world was now washed away in the blissful realization of Declans proposal and his token of undying love for her, she was again in the arms of this rugged Irishman with his tousled dark hair and sparkling, green eyes. As he slowly released her from his embrace those same eyes were inches from hers, melting her heart, searching into her very soul. In his hand glinted the golden Claddagh ring as it caught the last rays of the evening sun he gently took her hand and kissed her open palm, her fingers were small and slender fragile almost as Declan eased the ring onto where he knew it belonged. \"There,\" he said with a smile \"I have wanted to do that ever since I got it back.\" Only Declan had ever treated her like a woman, accepted her for who she was and told her what she needed to hear, protected her, in his arms she felt safe and for the first time a sense of belonging and comfort. With him she could finally be herself, not judged by what she wore or how she looked and he had unknowingly released an ardent passion that had been suppressed deep within her something that poor Jeremy had not been able to unlock in their four years together. Suddenly she was brought back to her senses by Declans gruff voice, \"We had better get back to the pub before we get blown off this rock I could only bear to lose you the once.\" said Declan half laughing half serious. As they walked back to the village she shivered as the cool evening air pierced through her thin cotton dress suddenly his long muscular arm wrapped around her waist and drew her in close and she snuggled into the warmth of his chest. \"Cold?\" he asked. She nodded, but it was not the sea breeze that made her shiver but the excitement of what was to come, until she met Declan she had been repressed by the need to conform to a life of privilege and prestige, a life she tried to plan and control but here in Ireland everything was raw, fervent and genuine. Here in this place people seemed to live for the moment sure they had their plans and dream's the same as everyone else but here they lived the moments in between them without a thought for tomorrow. Boston at that moment seemed as far from Dingle as the Moon, what waited for her she couldn't say but whatever was to come she did not have to face it alone, Jeremy had often told her you know I always get you what you want but she knew now that only Declan could give her what she needed. Here in this place there was no one to compete against or nothing to covet for the sake of position or prosperity only the sense of being and a freedom from all the boundaries that had previously confined her. As they came into the village she couldn't help thinking of that first night she had walked this very same road with trepidation cold, wet through and shivering not knowing who she would meet or where she would stay. Now she knew where she was staying and who she was to stay with but this time as she looked up into his face the trepidation was of a different nature. She had once referred to Declan as a beast and he was certainly a different man than Jeremy who with his Gautier suits, Paco Rabanne aftershave and immaculate hair had been once referred to by her Father as a primped up prissy boy. No one could call Declan that and not expect to get at least a punch on the jaw but there was also something innocent and sensitive about Declan hidden behind that unsophisticated rough exterior something that he carefully guarded and that she had only ever been given glimpses of, it was a trust she still had to earn she thought. As he held her close she could smell his manliness and was suddenly aroused by the sexuality of his presence. Declan suddenly stopped his stare penetrating her as she instinctively lifted her mouth towards his, waiting to be kissed before a wave of excitement fluttered through her stomach once more as his lips brushed gently against hers. \"What is going on in that beautiful red head of yours\" he said inquisitively. \"Some type of mischief no doubt, you haven't said a word since we left the cliff.\" My God she thought how he knew her already it was as if he read her mind. \"I was just wondering was I going to have sleep in the same room as last time because I don't think that bed will be big enough for two\" joked Anna mischievously. \"Well that room is still technically out of order after some American girl trashed it. You will have to stay in the O'Callaghan suite tonight.\" Declan jibed. \"I believe the current occupant is a tall handsome Irishman he's quite a beast so I'm told but I don't think he will mind sharing.\" Anna slapped him playfully across the chest in mock indignation. Back at the Caragh the peat fire had died down and the previously packed restaurant had emptied as the tourists had moved on to their next destination leaving only the locals in the bar. Joe and Seamus were seated in their usual spots when the couple arrived back and as Seamus hobbled toward Declan in mock concern he said \"Ah be God there you are Decco we thought we were going to have to send out a search party for you and I see you have that young American lassie in tow.\" \"No need to send out any search parties for you Seamus I'm sure the wife will know where to find you.\" As Declan stood with his back to the fire, across the room behind the door he noticed a brown suitcase it was Anna's Louis Vouitton bag that Declan had nicknamed Louis. \"Ah is it yourself Louis do you need a hand to get up the stairs Louis?\" joked Declan. Anna couldn't help but laugh it was a private joke between them as the patrons looked on thinking they were crack pots. Alex was tending the bar, to the usual motley crew of seasoned drinkers yet Declan didn't fail to notice how every lusty male eye in the bar had settled on Anna as she stood close beside him at that moment he felt the first pang of jealousy for his new love but it was mixed with the pride that he knew she was his and he was sure he wouldn't be sharing her company with anyone at least not this night antway. She was indeed beautiful, more beautiful than his many memories of her could recall, her flowing red hair her bright blue eyes, her narrow waist and shapely legs, Declan thought he never wanted anyone so badly in all his life at that moment. That this woman could have such an effect on him in such a short space of time was incredible. He took Anna by one hand and Louis in the other, \"Alex your in charge everyone out by midnight and I mean everyone!\" as he looked across at Joe and Seamus whose wide grins suddenly dropped off as they realized they were included in the ultimatum. As the door to the stairs closed behind them it drowned out the drunken banter from the bar and Anna spun around in his arms her mouth searching for his in the dark hallway as they embraced feverishly. Annas voice was husky, \"I thought you were taking me to the O'Callaghan Suite Decco.\" Declan pinched her bottom at the Decco jibe and Anna let out a little yelp of faux pain followed by a giggle as he tickled her side. \"Where are we going anyway.\" whispered Anna. \"Up the stairs and continue right to the end of the hall.\" The B&B; was a bit cleaner but not much else had changed thought Anna since her last visit. Declans room was the largest one in the house but it was minimalist to say the least, decked out in drab colors the carpet was nearly threadbare and had once been what looked like a green color even the shades on the bedside lamps did not match. The large double bed faced the door and in one corner stood an antique oak dresser and a matching wardrobe filled the facing wall. It was a typical mans room and everywhere innumerable dirty clothes the only identifying feature of Declan living there were scattered around the floor. \"Very romantic.\" teased Anna. \"Well it's not wash day till Tuesday.\" said Declan slightly reddening in the face. \"I'm only joking darling I love it,\" she said \"because you come with it and anyway for tonight at least all we really need is a bed.\" They stood facing each other a few yards apart suddenly shy at the thought of the night ahead they were both silent now staring soulfully at each other drinking in every second of this moment before they touched. Declan slowly closed the gap between them as Anna fell into his arms, he lifted her chin and kissed her lightly on the lips before peppering kisses along her neck as he worked his way back up to her trembling lips. His left hand on her hip caressed its way slowly up her side and stopped below her right breast while his other hand in the small of her back pulled her tight against him. Anna shuddered in his arms and Declan could feel the heat of her arousal emanate from her body as she clung to him the tension in her body relaxed and they molded together at the hip as if they were one being. As Declan kissed her a little harder Anna moaned softly as her lips parted slowly and her silky tongue probed for his her hands buried themselves in the cluster of dark curls at the back of his neck. Declan couldn't resist her she tasted amazing like fresh strawberries like no other girl he had ever kissed her tongue darted around his mouth teasing his tongue so much he wanted to drink her very essence. As they pulled away from each other pulses racing breathless with rapture they found that they were both smiling uncontrollably. \"Anna?\" said Declan his voice husky with desire \"I didn't realize until this moment how much I missed you, how much I loved you, I have dreamed of this moment against all the odds that I would never see you again, never kiss you again, never touch you again.\" \"Oh Declan,\" Anna couldn't hold back the tears as they rolled slowly down her cheeks. Declan kissed her cheeks wiping away her tears with his kisses but suddenly Anna stepped back her hands held out in front of her telling him to stay where he was as she reached for the zip on the side of her dress she slowly eased it down. The turquoise dress slipped gracefully from her shoulders as she slid it down over her narrow waist till it fell in a bundle around her ankles. Declans eyes moved up her body her skin was as smooth and pale as alabaster her blue eyes twinkled seductively in the darkened room while her red hair framed her delicate face. Her lacy white underwear was a contrast to her flaming curls and cool blue eyes, seductive yet virginal but when their eyes met Anna looked coyly down at her feet and then straight into Declans eyes searching for a sign of recognition that he realized she was giving herself to him giving the only thing she had left to give her love. Declan peeled off his own shirt and knelt down at her feet his hands gently undid the straps of each red stiletto before easing them off her feet. As he stood up he allowed his hands to run up the entire length of her body, Anna shivered with excitement as his rough hands caressed her body before he wrapped his arms around her and picked her up to carry her to bed. As Declan carried her across the room she could feel the muscles in his arms and chest tighten and bulge as she reached up to cup his face and kiss him again. Declan set Anna down gently on the bed before he retreated across the room to turn off the light. \"No, said Anna anxiously, \"leave the light on I want to see you I want to remember every moment of this night, of you, of us.\" Declan lay down on the bed beside Anna and as she rolled to face him her legs wrapped instinctively round his hips. Declan leaned forward to kiss her slender neck and as her mouth touched his ear she whispered. \"I have dreamed of this moment since you first kissed me after dinner and that night we lay together at the B&B; I wanted you so desperately, your kiss, your touch, your breath on my body, only you; I have always loved only you.\" Declan kissed Anna hard and as the night stole by too quickly both their dreams came true. ","Summary":" Dreams come true. The sun had just begun to sink slowly out of sight illuminating the evening sky w"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Questions","Author":"mouseears","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9650951","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Leap Year Fanfiction ChallengeThis is in response to the challenge of writing a Leap Year fanfiction story which happens after the proposal scene on the cliff, but before the wedding. Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to the film or any of the characters. They walked back to the Caragh pub, arms wrapped around each other. Every few minutes, Declan would turn to kiss her strawberry blonde hair, taking in the scent of Irish soap and sea breeze. She already smelled like she belonged in Irelandwith him. The thought struck him like a thunderbolt. Waitthis woman said yes! This frustrating, irritating, fiery, determined, vulnerable woman said yes! To him! Declan had imagined this for the months after he had gotten his ring back from Dublin. He had kept the ring safe in his pocket, reaching in to make sure it was there several times on his trip home. Of course, the trip home was much less eventful. A bus ride took him most of the way back and then a phone call to the tow truck company to fish his classic out of the water. Other than that, however, a straight ride home. Declan didn't remember much of it really. He was too busy staring listlessly out the window, wishing Anna were there to seize his giant sandwich and toss it out the window. Of course, now when he imagined it, his mother's ring would be on her finger Somehow, he always imagined it happening differently. Though he would never admit the thought out loud, he couldn't help imagining that someday, things wouldn't work out between Anna and that cardiologist. That in weeks, months, even years would pass and one day, he would somehow hear news of her break-up. Then, with the money he saved up, he'd be on the first flight to America to look for her. Declan imagined a thousand different scenarios: finding her at work in those apartments which she would stage or catching sight of her through a department store window as she shopped for a companion for Louis. There, he would hope against hope that she would talk to him, look at him, give him the time of day. Then Declan would laugh inwardly at the thought. She'd probably swing her purse at the sight of him, or at least at the first thing that would come out of his mouth. The woman did have a feisty side, especially around him. It was only honesty, he'd tell himself. She should be able to take a little of that. Anna was pretty honest herself, bold and assertive as she defended her intentions to propose on Leap Day and how she saw right through him at the wedding. What was it she called him? A lion? A lovely, lovely lion. And then she puked on his shoes, he remembered with some bemusement. Somehow, though, she had come back to him, her lovely lion. Anna's voice broke through his reverie. \"You got back your mother's ring.\" It was more of a statement than a question. \"Yes, Bob. I retrieved my mother's ring. You're wearing it right now.\" \"I know, but when you proposed, you said that you wouldn't be holding this ring if it weren't for me.\" \"Yes, petal. I did say that. Are we just repeating obvious things now?\" Anna hit him over the shoulder. \"I have a point.\" \"Then I suggest you get to it.\" \"Well, you must have known that I accepted Jeremy's proposalat first.\" \"I could hear cheering from all the way down the street.\" \"Yet you kept this ring anyway...did you know that I would come back?\" Declan paused and exhaled sharply, running his fingers through his dark hair. \"No,\" he finally said. \"No, I did not know that you would be coming back. I thought that if there ever were a chanceLook, I would have waited years. Decades even. Even if you and I were seventy and you couldn't hear me insults anymorewell, I'd still have that ring. If I somehow got wind that you and that cardiologist weren't together, I'd be on the first plane out to Boston, the ring in one hand and your bob in the other.\" \"My bob?\" Here, Declan pulled out the coin she had given to him as payment. \"This one. The one thing that belonged to you which you gave to me, and this,\" here he held up her hand, the ring glinting in the fading sunlight. \"The one thing that belonged to me which I wanted to give to you.\" \"I remember giving you that bob. I remember giving it to you and thinking, I'd pay all the money in the world to repeat those three days with you.\" \"And then that cardiologist interrupted.\" \"Yes, and then that cardiologist interrupted,\" Anna said, laughing. \"His name is Jeremy.\" \"I don't care. All I know is that he was the man who almost had you.\" Anna paused for a moment, thinking. \"Declan, what were YOU about to say?\" \"About what? That cardiologist?\" \"No, after I gave you the bob, you turned to leave but then I heard you call out my name. If Jeremy hadn't interrupted, what would you have said?\" \"I would have said, 'Don't propose to him.'\" \"And what if I had asked you why? \"Because he complains about your chicken being dry.\" Anna hit him again. \"No really! What would you have said?\" Here Declan turned to face her and wrapped his fingers around her arms. \"I would have said, 'Because if there's any man who gets to wake up next to you every day, then I would want it to be me.'\" \"Declan\" \"I'm not done yet.\" Anna shut up. \"I would have said, 'If there's any man who gets to kiss you goodnight before he goes to sleep, if there's any man who gets to spend every day with you calling you his wife, if there's any man who gets to be caught in hailstorms with you, if there's any man who gets to crash weddings with you, or climb through castles with you, or miss the train with you, or bicker about Louis with you, or any number of other crazy, unfortunate things, I would want that man to be me.\" \"Declan\" Anna breathed. Then she remembered: \"Wait, are you done?\" \"One last thing. If there's any woman I want around to wreck my car and drive me crazy, I would want it to be you,\" Declan finished with a laugh, which was cut short by a kiss, which was cut short by him sweeping up Anna into his arms and carrying her all the way back to pub. ","Summary":" Leap Year Fanfiction ChallengeThis is in response to the challenge of writing a Leap Year fanficti"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"A Funny Little Pub Called the Caragh","Author":"Her Head In the Clouds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8588001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I just finished watching this movie for the third time this weekend. Sue me, it's one of my all-time favourites! But now also it's severely increased my expectations of love and adventure in Ireland. :/ Haha. On Display October 07, 2012 by: Her Head in the Clouds She wouldn't trade in all his musty, woolly sweaters for ironed, tweed black suits. Nor, would she give up his rugged beard for a freshly shaved jaw. She wouldn't dare give away his Baby -rickety of a car for a flashy Nissan Rouge; and she wouldn't dream of exchanging his crude, opinionated, Irish jabber for a well-mannered, soft-spoken conversation. Nope none of it. But Anna was willing to tie up her long, red hair in a ponytail and set to removing her husband's heinous excuse for hotel dcor for better fixtures. Hey! That's a classic! Yeah, that's what he'd probably say if he saw her yank out the old armoires and ugly lamps and moth-balled blankets. But it's not like he didn't see it coming! Really Declan, you've loved the woman a month-and-a-half now and you forget what she did for a living back in Massachusetts? Tsk tsk. Anna had squeezed his hand as they watched the sun set on the Dingle Peninsula. It was something they did on Sundays when the pub was closed and they'd plan out things for their immediate future. Because, remember, Declan wanted to make plans with her , and Anna was a control freak. It needs a woman's touch! And he'd laughed when the words left her lips. But after that patronizing look on her face and thinking back to how many female customers he'd ever actually had stay overnight (Anna had been the only one since ever) and he'd resigned. With a small smile, he made sure to point out what belonged to his family and what didn't and gave her his blessing. Nothing at the B&B; ever really belonged to the O'Callaghans since the bloke had bought the pub with his 'backstabbing snake' friends way back when, but a few things did since they needed to furniture the place and it saved up on money. But after they were salvaged, Anna thought the rest of the cleanup would be a breeze. With her keen eye in interior dcor and fashion, she'd swept the online furniture shops for cheap, accessible pieces to fly over. This was her most exciting project yet! Much more meaningful than she'd ever done for the narcissistic, rich guys and dolls who lived in the high-end apartments back where she grew up. No, this was all for her and her future life and she was brimming with imagination. Everyday was like an adventure, and every room, she had a special place for. Hey, it was to help the temporary families remember? Who's to say they can't enjoy a little modern flavour? Of course, her darling husband would but what did he know? He still thought his itchy sweaters were in style. So Anna flew off like a plane to Dublin and ransacked the B&B;'s sleeping quarters of its old curtains, scratched up wooden furniture, and odd trinkets hanging and sitting about. And when Declan would ask What you doing with that? , she'd smirk and tell him to just go back to the bar and leave the bedrooms to him. And in all her tenacity, the same one she'd grown up with as a once-homeless girl with two jobs whatever didn't work, she gave/threw away and whatever did, she polished or sent for reupholstering. At first, all that Dingle village heard from the Kerraugh were Declan's anguished shouts when his fiery redhead of a wife tossed strange and 'supposedly' out-of-style chairs and wallpaper from open windows into a large trash bin. They knew her heart was in the right place and while the O'Callaghan boy would fuss and pretend that any of the junk really mattered to him, they also knew that he was lying bullock. The American lass has a got a plan, she does , they'd tease and gossip delightfully and Declan would grumble as he'd shoot out meals and booze from the kitchen. But he was just as anxious as they what with Anna's god-only-knows schemes to 'soften the pub's edges'. So he waited and helped when needed Colours started flying in. In fabrics, silks, paint (that her excited daddy sent in cans to her overseas when she asked) honestly, the first thing he had said to her on the phone when she mentioned an Irish fella was her hubby now and not Jeremy was, ' Oh praise merciful heaven! I thought I'd be stuck with that prissy boy for the rest of my days! ' yes, the colours started piling so much that Anna had to lock one room up for her stash until the rest were completely done. Don't worry, the last will be a surprise, she'd piped with a tired grin and all six-feet-two of Mr. O'Callaghan would roll his eyes playfully and go make himself a sandwich. Naturally. It would be four weeks before that room could breathe again. Once Anna stopped choking it of all its available space and the other rooms were set she would forever hear the warm 'oohs' and 'ahhs' in her memory of the sweet, Irish neighbours and tourists she'd come to befriend and love when they stopped by the hotel for a sleep or a drink and saw her work. It wasn't a drastic change, mind you. Anna Brady may be a raging in-home stager who knew what the expensive taste in furniture was and how to please the modern home seeker, but this wasn't uptown-Boston. And like her mother once said, ' Don't forget where you came from to get to where you are today... ' So Anna didn't think expensive. Anna didn't think chic. Anna didn't think about trying to get a sale. She thought about home. And that's when the simple, warm ideas started flowing. Like stewed chicken seasoned with vegetables from a herb garden. Anything to remind her of the comfort of a real home where people loved and took care of you. Unsurprisingly, she thought of Declan and his itchy sweaters and old beat-up car. And the rest was easy By the forty-third day into her project , the man had had enough of her brown, heeled boots clunking above his head in the kitchen. Normally he or his staff didn't hear it on a regular business day, but when the Kerraugh was closed and the wooden floors were like nails on his ears, he sighed and made a quiet trek up the stairs, letting the radio play his way, The hallway smelled of fresh paint. He'd glance in every open door  the rooms weren't rented out for the weekend  and was noted how every other room followed a paint-pattern of golden yellow then earthy peach. Anna, he noted, liked to play around and assigned more blues to one room or more greens to another. And almost every room had some sort of shock of red to warm it up. The maple wood and iron furniture throughout gave it either a rustic or chic feel and the cushiony sheets and pillows added the right amount of lush that even tempted a manly-guy like himself to jump into. And it all only cost about $1300, she'd prided even though that sounded like a lot to him. But then she pointed out that she could do a lot worse and Declan thought that she probably would, considering how girly she was. This was a man's joint too. Boundaries had to be maintained! But she didn't and he found himself sleeping next to her without any discomfort for what the morning would bring to her ideas. Although Anna was stubborn like him, she could compromise. And while she was direct in telling him when he was wrong, she was subtle in other things. And despite her obviously more feminine nature than most girls he grew up around, she understood the comfort of a pair of old jeans and messy hair. And that's how he found her, all smiles and worn out on an old armchair with an old magazine in her hands. He was about to ask why his old chair from the father rooms was still there when they agreed its mustard stain on the arm wasn't good for guests to see. But then he realised the atmosphere in the entire room felt different to him and he looked around. The walls were painted in sky blue and the curtains were orange with a green flower print running across it. The paintings on the wall were of the sunny shore of Bundoran and Rossnowlagh, and other scenic beaches across Ireland even he'd yet to see. A cute photograph of Frank and his wife, the train station/fellow B&B; owners, were smiling in front of the ancient castle sat near a pillow. In another, Jack Brady and his daughter were smiling from a pretty cliff. Stephano and Carla sharing a hug in a room they rented out a month ago and suddenly he noticed, the entire cherry-red bedsheet was covered in snapshots of new and old customers and friends they'd made over the weeks. His mouth dropped a little. Catching his gaze, Anna eyed him with a small smile as she swung her legs lazily over the armchair sideways. This was the first time he'd come up to the rooms in a while since she was in post-decorating mode and he'd never stopped by to see this room, since he'd considered it a storage for the past couple weeks. Just thought they'd bring more love to the hotel, you know , she'd said . Oh, how that redhead's mind worked! Then she followed his green eyes to where a lame statue of a cow and a large sheep dog sat perched beside the drawer and she challenged that there was nothing he could do about it. Nor about The Colonials posters that hung on the wall, or the ugly figurine of the model of his beat-up car sitting on the dresser. And suddenly, all their memories poured in like Irish seawater Because as they stared at each other's reactions they knew, despite their opposites, that they wouldn't change anything about how they ended up together for the world. Anna grinned cheekily while she twisted his mother's ring on her finger. This was definitely the strangest room on the floor. But for Declan, with a soft grin on his handsome face and a mischievous twinkle in his green eyes, he declared it was now his most favourite. \"Mrs. Anna O'Brady-Callaghan from Boston you are grand.\" END. Sigh... this movie. Haha thanks for reading. ","Summary":" So I just finished watching this movie for the third time this weekend. Sue me, it's one of my all-"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"A Challenge for Leap Year Fanfiction writers!","Author":"EllieElectric","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9298134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, so my Fandom Monster is CRAVING more Lemons for Declan and Anna So, henceforth I create this challenge! A POST MOVIE Lemon, set after the Cliff scene right at the end, NOT after the wedding! Thank you! ","Summary":" Okay, so my Fandom Monster is CRAVING more Lemons for Declan and Anna So, henceforth I create this "},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"60 Seconds","Author":"Lady Dudley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7334291","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I was watching Leap Year again with my friend and for the first time I noticed how Declan's expression changes when Anna talks about her 60 seconds moment. This is just a little drabble and a half that I came up with about that little moment. Sorry it's short but I hope you enjoy it! :) Disclaimer: I own nothing. 60 Seconds \" When my 60 seconds came around\" He didn't hear anything she had to say after that, not really. Instead he found himself quickly and carefully assessing her for injuries, worried about what might have happened to her. Dozens of different scenarios spun through his mind, most of them ridiculous: how he hadn't been there, that he wouldn't have known if something had happened. Then something she said caught his attention and he realised exactly what she was alluding to when she had said those words. A small, relieved smile graced his lips and he shook his head slightly at how silly he had been. Nothing sinister had happened; she was here because of him. He'd been given a second chance at his 60 seconds and this time he was going to 'grab' what he needed with both his hands. This time he wouldn't let her get away. ","Summary":" A/N: I was watching Leap Year again with my friend and for the first time I noticed how Declan's ex"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Senses","Author":"Jedi Annie Scrambler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7883116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Anna woke up slowly, each one of her senses at a time. First there was her sense of sight; the bight sunlight that poured through the window and into her eyes. Second was the sense of smell; the sent of the musky bedroom up top of a pub. Then there was the sense of taste; the kisses of a certain Irish cad seducing her the night before that was forever burned on interior on her mouth. That was followed by her sense of touch; the warmth of the body pressed against her back, the tight arm around her middle- protective, and holding her still. There was the hot breath on the back of her neck warming her and chilling her all at once. And finally there was her sense of sound; the raspy breathing confirming that this really wasn't a dream. Anna rolled over and wrapped her arms around the tall man's chest and fell back to sleep. Declan awoke quickly, all of his senses at once. The warmth of the girl in his arms; the smell of her hair; the sound of her calm breathing; the sight of her red hair and smooth ivory skin. He rolled over and brought his mouth to hers, tasting Savoring As they pulled apart Anna sighed and fell back into his embrace. \"Good morning,\" Declan whispered, into her hair. He took her hand in his and looked at the ring she now wore, \"I like that.\" \"I like it too,\" she said softly. \"I love you,\" \"I love you too.\" This is my first Leap Year fanfiction, and, yes, I know it's short. It was just something I needed to get out of my head. I do not own Leap Year. Happy Leap Day everyb ody! ~Jedi Annie Scrambler ","Summary":" Anna woke up slowly, each one of her senses at a time. First there was her sense of sight; the bigh"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Declan's prespective","Author":"anononymas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6381857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] - Disclaimer i do own any character of Leap year the movie .. i do wish i own Declan * :D so enjoy i do work hard on it.. so review me tell me what you think of it..? :) Declan woke up that a night with a jolt .. it was the same dream over again he had been having this dream for quite often now.. furstrated he sits up .. goes to bathroom swats his face with ice cold water he tries to remember the dream when he looks at the mirror . the dream had been of faces so many faces he cant figure out whose or which. just faces face of someone smiling . as he moves he tries to remember what his mother used to say when he had a bad dream \" fear not my declan it will go away \" declan got confused fear not? how he can he fear not? how will this go away ? . he opens the window the fresh salty air made him feel good he sat near the window trying to pull the facts what is the cause of this strange dream . he knows that he is depression having someone you loved and gone away is not something easy to cope with . he remembers the time when he and his fiance now ex were togather he never was as close as to her how they made \"plans\" about their future .. \"planned\" a wedding she wanted a big massive one but declan wanted a simple one how they got into arguments in mention of kids a girl and a boy .. but all the \"PLANS\" drowned away the night he found out that kaileigh is already gone . It was busy day declan was working in kitchen when he heard whispers ignoring he went back to work on the salad for the customer the whispers came agian he decided to follow as he followed he saw ryan and kaileigh having a argument or what seemed to look like as he apporached ryan got startled and kaileigh turned around \" hey what are you doing here in back of kitchen \"? declan asked confused . \"Oh no nothing , we were just deciding his best man speech \" kaileigh replied . \"okay i thought you were done by now Ryan \" declan answered \" arent you gonna give a speech\"? \" Oh yes i will dekko don't worry \" Ryan replied with a smug . \" well i have to go now customer is waiting \" declan said \" gotta go now see you later \" he kissed kaileigh in cheek . \" yeah right \" keileigh replied with some sadness. declan stood there perplexed maybe its just the tension of wedding worrying her he decided to make up for it later after long hard day he goes up tired as usual he opens a room there he finds noone no kaileigh waiting for him , instead there's a note near bedside he wonders for a second and quickly reaches over to the note . that small note destoryed his whole world in just few lines . in the note kaileigh wrote that she cant marry him , the wedding pressure was to much and she was already in love with someone else ryan , they have decided to run away as they don't want let anyone know expect him . declan heart stopped that very second his body was turning into tight muscles and his hand turned to fists he tried to fight this feeling but can't it was a poison and nauseted feeling he never had he kicked into the ground and threw a mental rage . then he went numb just numb his senses just cut off at that very moment he sat down in despire and not knowing what to do he lied down and became very still how did this happen ? he wondered , he could have seen this happening , how can he had been so blind? he knew where they had run off to Dublin . Ryan was from dublin so it must be it .. declan vowed he would never go there cause if he goes maybe he will not leave without killing them .. all those dark thoughts were streaming in . the flashback returned and we see declan sitting in same chair a tear just came up but he wiped it away . its been a year now but still the pain is fresh and mind numbness happens very often . he gets up goes to his bar takes out few drinks and pours them he might drink himslef to death as hes drinking he thought how his life would if their plans would have worked out . but all he could see was darkness he closed his eyes n falls . THE next morning his old buddy seamus and joe came over finding him in floor they got panicked and hleped in his feet seamus made him some tea while joe hleped him to sit on a chair . \" what's wrong with you? joe asked him ' how much you drank last night\"? \"don't know and don't care atleast iam alive\" he replied \" you know dekko its time to move on now iam sure they are many maidens waiting for you \" joe told him . \" you can start over agian its okay we don't know until we find our other half \" other half that's a joke declan thought there is no such thing as other half . the day went by now at charagh's noone comes no customers no nothing it was closing now but declan didnt care . as night apporaches joe and seamus comes once agian along with few friends to have their daily drinks declan prepares their drinks and is having a converstation . As they are talking the door suddenely opens and in comes a girl bringing cold wind and rain with her . \" excuse me \"? a raspy voice comes down through hall every men including declan turns to look at her setting his eyes on perhaps most loveliest girl he ever seen . \" are you open\"? she asked again declan eyed her curiously she seemed to be in her late 20's her ginger blond hair all wet and drenched and her coat was dripping wet followed by a suitcase she cant be of here he wondered with a suitcase and the accent was vey different \" actually shes anna from boston\" the girl replies to some question . boston america that's where shes from hmm he wondered agian why would an american come here in middle of night and this storm \" is there a bus or taxi to dublin maybe \" she asked agian dublin that one word he completely loathed . she came to the counter leaned a little her blue green eues almost pleading \" is there a taxi service maybe\"? declan gave her the card along with a little joke . dublin is it? \" well let me tell you about anna from boston dublin is city of chancers and cheats and backstabbing snakes its where the worst of humainty collects to poison this fair country i wouldnt take you dublin if you offer me 500 euros \" he needed money his inn was closing up and if he would go there he would charge it ofcourse anna seemed a little shocked but got over and asked for a room he lead her to her room followed by destruction and a argument . the next morning they decided to go to dublin . as he waited for pampered princess to come along he saw seamus eyeing him what?\" he asked nothing seamus replied . \" what are you thinking\"? \" well shes pretty\" seamus said \"and rich you might find her attractive \" \" are you outta your mind\" declan growled \" i don't think miss take me to dublin room werecking village frying is my type \" \" iam just saying \" \" yeah keep it yourslef \" atlast she comes .. along with a face declan ignores her Declan decides to relish this moment .. making fun of someone's suitcase and humailting them is something you never get to do .. THE last thing Declan was to be remind is to go to pay phone as much he doesn't want to do this he cant help thinking that is the right thing to do which he should have done it much much before.. going into that payphone pulling out same coin which Anna gave him , he looks at for the moment ,, it made him smile .. he never thought having two days journey with Anna would lead him to this ,, which is so unexpected and yet at the same time doesn't want let go of it .. the journey started with anna wanted to propose to that boyfriend on leap day which Declan thought was hilarious and stupid .. along the way they faced so many hazards of nature which Declan never thought he would .. anna 's uptightness, anna rolling down the hill missing the train forced to stay a night share a kiss.. kiss well that was kind of nice and soothing at same time .. he smiles even more.. share a bed .. nothing happens .. crash a wedding . anna dancing Which was kind of funny and hilarious as she gave her ungraceful best he did try to teach her moves but then again they did had fun a near kiss which anna pukes to Declan great disappointment anna finally opening up cause of terrfied future Declan finally opening his past which made him feel better, a near confession which was interrupted by that mentally challenged doctor .. would never in his dreams Declan thought would lead into falling in love with her Declan stands by the phone hand frozen .. thinks again how the hell he supposed to do now? anna totally changed him , she bought his inner side the one who was lost and drowned a while ago was bought back within her anna while she lost her control uptightness and become a new person herself now she smiles and her smile is really pretty she laughs she loosen up all because Declan made her do these two compliment each other, but falling in love with a woman who just got enagaged by a solid rock which could cost more than charagh itself was a downer as Declan walked away from whole proposal he never knew what happened but he did hear cheering which means a yes, that made him a little vunerable now he wasn't supposed to fall in love , he fought with this feeling a lot of times before but eventually gave up and gave up on the time when he thought he cant let go brilliant move there he thought should have told before .. but now it's useless no point now shes gonna be married soon .. will have everything to keep her happy ofcourse cardiologist will keep her happy why wouldn't he hes got everything anna wants A future ..a bright sunny future .. which Declan cannot give hes doesn't even know what future he will give to anna if he proposed .. he quickly flipped the coin in the phone a dialed a number..he let it ring for few moments to his dismay someone picked up \" hello\"? a voice on other end \"it me Declan listen iam in Dublin can you by a this pub around 6 I will be waiting I need to talk to you \" he hung up and stepped out .. it started to rain Declan smiles feeling rain in his skin it felt good though he walked he could see happy couples smiling and holding hands it was leap day ofcourse , he wondered how anna could have proposed which didn't happen ofcourse Declan walked into a pub ordered a drink and starts to think what to say to this person hes about to meet this person is not his favorite as he sat there playing with his drink trying to figure out someone came along a blond the blond said something Declan didn't hear he saw her and smiled \" kaileigh he answered . \" what are you doing here \"? Kaileigh asked Declan couldn't answer but motions her to sit down , something in her neck caught his eye it was the claddagh ring his mother 's he reached for it \" iam going to need that ring back by the way \" Declan said \"why\"? \"cause its mine that's why \" kaileigh seem shocked \" okay you can have it back thar's why you came \"? \" iam not interested what you have to say and yes that's why I came so if you excuse me\" he pulled the chain \" I really miss you \" came a reply \" you know he left me for other one \" \"yes I know\" . \" you are gonna leave me here I love you dekko and I miss you I now realize my mistake iam sorry let's go back where we started I promise I will never cheat on you \" kaileigh said tearfully . Declan got confused he never thought this would happen he rubbed his head with confused look he cant seem to decide the past or future the past had a history he doesn't want to repeat the future was gone and present seem difficult at the moment he tried to put it in a gentle way \" look kaileigh you are good person I know you were tempted it was practically my fault had I not proposed maybe this wouldn't happen but you know I just can't .. \" cant what\"? a question \" well its kinda difficult to explain \" \" you don't want me , you lost your trust in me is that what you saying\"? now Declan seemed frustrated \" you know what yes yes that's why maybe I lost my faith but not only you but life also you can't know what I went through charagh nearly drowned I have nothing left I don't think I can give anybody anything and I ... \" I what\"? \" I am in love with somebody unfortunately she 's gone guess iam never lucky in thing \" he scoffs \" you fell in love with someone else \"? Kaileigh asked with shocked emotion . \" who is she ? do I know her ? is she from dingle \"? \" yes and no she's not from dingle and does it matter who is she ? what differance would it make ? shes gone now \" Declan replied with extreme rage \" listen I got to go now hope you have better life sorry about everything friends\"? he asked with apologetic smile \" yes \" . Declan leaves walks out of the pub giving it one last look  when Declan reaches dingle Takes a good look at charagh comes with an idea a party a fundraiser he starts to fixing the pub Day and night he worked in it then the day finally came the fundraiser its starts great people having fun drinks dances Declan looks over feel proud now the debt collector just collected debt so he was off the hook .. he cant help smiling joins in the crowd hes established chef now and trousits just love to come at his restaurant which is popular now , he was lost in thoughts when alex his employee came \" boss theres a phone call \" \" a phone call who is it \"? Declan asked She won't tell her name Declan walked over picks up the phone \" yes \"? \" hi is this Declan \"? A voice asked in other end for a moment Declan seemed stunned \" yes it is who is this \"? \" its me anna \" Declan froze anna ? why would she call him he wondered yet he cant help feeling overjoyed as he was thinking anna replied again \" I was just calling to say hi hope you didn't forget me \" in a really shy way Declan smiled \" why would I ever forget you \"? You are most living person in my memory \" she laughs but there was sadness in it Declan sensed \" so how are you ? how are things going \"? She asked . \" well its great infact charagh just got out of debt so we are celebrating \" , \" oh my god iam so happy Declan this is such good news \" anna said excited \" yeah you tell me how are you ? how 's,he ? \" \" iam good and there was a pause in other end A long pause he 's ... fine .. too anna nearly choked \" what's wrong \"? Declan asked surprised to hear her choking \" what happened \"? \" nothing just a little bit wedding thing \" , \" oh you set the date ? iam getting invited I don't think your cardiologist will like me maybe I can drive your honeymoon limo \" he added with saracasm which immediately regretted \" I think you should save the date you know \" anna added . then Declan heard something he heard a sob \" hey iam sorry didn't mean to hurt you \" he apologized \" would you stop doing that its not you ok I was checking in to see if you are doing ok well I suppose you are so I think I should go now \" anna told him frustrated \" listen anna I .. \" click a dial tone Declan hunged up frustrated what's wrong with her? Why did she call him in frist place ? and what was she so upset about? Declan walked out the pub into the sea this is not good he thought anna nearly cried in phone something must have happened something bad if anna got hurt he vowed to wring the doctor's neck he stared into the sea he should have said something , something nice. He wanted to bang his head agianst a wall no idea what to do it worried him though he never worried in case trouble comes along he decided to a ultimate thing go to America but how will he find her ? boston is big city maybe he would give that cardiologist a call.. he hated that man whatever he has done to anna will pay maybe a punch in his face that will spoil his looks or maybe a black eye but most of all all is concern was for anna he just he could have been there like he always has been .. anyway he went to his pub and decided to focus now he will deal with it later .. days passed not one phone call from anna he did call her but that phone just kept on ringing he called her again still no answer fine she doesn't want to talk fine with that he conctrared in his pub charagh rose to Success he started inventing new dishes and people loved it here . he cant say he hasn't moved on but after force of friends he did date few women whom he found pratically so annoying that made him walk out right in middle of conservation that was rude but he cant seem to get there Infact in every girl he was trying to find anna now .. her eyes .. her hair .. her uptightness well maybe things might have worked out between her and the doctor maybe just called to know how he is doing .. months pass no call no sign Declan become an international cook and local celebrity working in kitchen late hours and learning about dishes plus reading and expreminting dishes he was quite enjoying this his customers usually love to compliment him get to know him Sometimes he would add themes and different ideas put together as for anna he still loves her knowing she is now married probably on her honeymoon he tried to remove her thoughts by disctracting himself something he 's not very good but kept on trying . the day started as usual Declan woke up and cleaned himself up it was cloudy that day with drizzle of rain bit by bit As he start cleaning burners joe and seamus came in \" looks like it's going to rain dekko \" \"oh yeah good to know \" declan replied \" you know this reminds of something or someone \" seamus said . \" yeah we are not going to that road again \" Declan said smugly \" come on it's ok you can be happy for her \" joe joined \" well iam maybe should have send a wedding present , know what I have got loads of customers coming so if you two want to stick around with your mouths shut that would be best \" joe and seamus gone silent while Declan worked . it was not until later when his employee came with dish in his hand declan was busy cutting onions when employee approached \" dekko the customer send their dinner back \" \" what\"? Declan asked his dishes never came back . \" why would anyone send it back \"? \" they say the chicken is dry\" came a reply ' the what's what? \" the chicken it's dry \" \" oh yeah I will show them \" frustrated he went through swinging crowd through happy chatter busy eating customers \" alright which one of you bullocks thinks my chicken is dry \"? He asked \" me \" came an answer he turned to look who that was as he turned he saw what he never expected to see the person whom he had given his hopes up the one whom he thought would never ever see again the one who he truly loved ..yes it was anna smiling from the hall Declan was surprised and shocked didn't know what to do just asked \" what the hell you doing here \"? \" could be nice for a second I just flew 3000 miles to get here \" anna approached \" sorry jeremy with you \" \" what no no he and I broke up \" , \" sorry \" a little bit relived and ashamed \" well when my 60 seconds came I had everything I ever wanted but nothing I needed I think what I need is here \" Declan just stood there frozen not sure \" so I ask you what if we not make plans what if we give this a chance and let it work it how it works out , will you not make plans with me\"? anna asked with pleading eyes , Declan laughed a little inside anna never changed shes infact turned so sweet to drop plans and make it work out but that's not something he wanted . he smiled and shook his head seeing anna 's eyes filled with tears he tried to say but couldn't instead he thought going into his office he wants to surprise as painfully it was it was right thing to do she will like it he walked away anna seemed stunned , he left her waiting there went to his office pulled out a box which holds his mother's claddagh ring shoves it in his pocket went past through swinging door again when he notices there's no anna where is she he searched for her \" where did she go \"? He asked \" she went away \" replied a man \" away , where \"? \" well when you say no do you expect a girl to stay \"? \" but I didn't say no \" \" hey you should run now I just saw her running towards the cliffs \" joe streamed in the cliffs is she is crazy Declan ran as he ran trying not to think what might had happened relived to see anna standing above the cliffs upset might be crying he sighed and went over her \" mrs 'o bradycallaghan \" he said lovingly \" where the hell you gone \"? \" you said no \" she replied upset \" I didn't say no I didn't say anything\" \" you walked away \" , \" I was getting something\" , \" really that was time to get something\" , \" yeah it was actullay \" he pulls the ring \" I was getting this , I wouldn't be holding this ring if weren't for you , I don't want to not to make plans with you , I want to make plans with you \" hopeful anna said \" you do \" , \" yeah I do \" Declan dropped in knees and asked her \" will you marry me \"? Anna smiled \" in all my life I never thought I would see one knee , yes yes I will \" she replied Declan slid the ring in her finger n slowly stood up he stared her for a moment thanking his lucky stars and leaned in for a kiss he kissed her passionately like they were never apart but belong together he felt complete despite whatever happened in past for the frist time he could see a light in his future and that light was anna as he kissed he thought of his dream the dream he had before the faces smiling he put 2 and 2 togather n finally figured the face he dreamed of was anna 's the woman he loves he wrapped his arms around her pulled her tight he knew he had her now nothing will come between them and he knew anna felt that way too .. declan's happy ending or rather a beginning is anna finally telling her \" wait he pulled away for a minute anna become confused \" wait why did you call me that day \"? He asked \"well I just realized something more was important in life rather than things and luxuries and its you \" , \" how flattering , but you cried did that doctor did something I can wring his neck now you know \" anna laughed \" no well turned out he just wanted an apartment which was no use of mine \" , \" oh honey iam sorry was it bad ? , did you gain weight \"? \"shut up and I didn't cried over him I cried over you I thought you didn't want to see me again \" \" are you crazy , you are the person I always wanted to see maybe not at frist but now you are the one who came and drove me crazy and I love that I would love to be driven crazy by you again and again \" he smiled and kissed her again . ","Summary":" - Disclaimer i do own any character of Leap year the movie .. i do wish i own Declan * :D so enjoy "},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Last of the Wilds","Author":"TragischerRomantiker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5983675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"No, no, no, no!\" Declan cried as his car began slowing. Anna didn't know much about cars, but she could only guess that if it was slowing down when Declan was clearly pressing on the gas pedal then that couldn't be a good sign. She would have asked if there was anything she could do to help the situation, but feared that any help she could offer would only make things worse. She waited patiently with wide eyes for Declan to explain to her what was wrong with his \"classic\" vehicle. She watched him rub the dashboard and repetitively turn the key in the ignition port only to hear a sickening wheezing sound respond from the engine. Defeated, Declan sat there in the driver's seat and just stared at the steering wheel in front of him and the speedometer that now read zero. \"She's gone...\" he said in a hushed tone, touching his forehead to the top of the steering wheel, \"gone...\" The redhead in the passenger seat rolled her eyes and unbuckled her seatbelt, which immediately attracted Declan's attention. She stepped out of the car, deciding to take matters into her own hands. The confused driver poked his head out of the window and asked, \"An' wha' d'you think yer doin'?\" \"Well, we can't just,\" Her speech became strained as she began to exert force on the back of the car, \"leave... her in the middle... of the road... now can we?\" Declan allowed himself to smile a little, even though he could guess that Anna's thoughtful gesture was about to go terribly awry in the strangest possible way. Even after three days with the redhead American, Declan had learned what a handful she could be, and somehow, four months later they had ended up married. Declan saw the PRND3L clutch beside him and chuckled a little bit on the inside, moving the clutch from D to P. He figured he would just wait until Anna got tired and decided to get back in the car. He heard her from the rear asking him to come and help her because it was difficult to push the car off to the side of the road with a person still in it. Declan snickered. \"Maybe it's jus' the weak girl pushin' 'er?\" He offered with a snide smirk plastered on his face. He watched Anna's mouth drop from his side-view mirror at his suggestion as he switched the gears back into 'drive' and stepped out of the car to join her. She glared at him with her hazel eyes. \"How dare you call me weak!\" \"Well it's true, isn' it? Can' ev'n move an ol' car to the side of the road.\" He waved her aside and spit on both of his hands before he began his own attempt at pushing the car aside. Anna was in utter amazement. Whereas she couldn't move it more than an inch, Declan had been able to push it all the way off to the side without much effort at all. She smiled. That was the man she married; Declan was the man she loved. Some of her old friends still bugged her about her choice, but she was completely in love with the Irishman. Jeremy had nothing on this particular foreigner. Her relationship with the cardiologist had been four years mainly comprised of telephone calls and text messages back and forth. Then every once in a blue moon they would see eachother for a short timespan or an interrupted dinner. Sure he had money, but that was all their relationship was... money, fancy gifts, and short-lived conversations filled with long silences between them. Even just three days spent with Declan had been more eventful than that, and Anna could only imagine what four years would bring with her new husband. She waited as Declan untied Louie from the roof of the car and dug the rest of their luggage out of the trunk. Once all of their bags had been successfully pilfered from the old automobile, Declan was still searching for something. Anna perked a brow, curious as to what her husband was trying to track down. \"Declan, what are you looking for?\" \"I'm trying to find the map y' decided to toss into the back here, but I can' seem to find it anywhere!\" Declan replied, scratching his head from the problematic enigma. Anna made a face when he said he was trying to locate their map. \"Er... you don't think it could have flown out the window on accident, do you?\" He turned to face his wife with a serious expression. \"Damn well better not 'ave flown out the window, elsewise we're stuck out here!\" The redhead cringed. This was nearly a repeat of the last time she had decided to take a long road trip. Maybe it would be safer for all parties involved if she just confined herself to a single house for the rest of her life. At least then she wouldn't have to travel Ireland on foot all the time. Anna tried to think of something reassuring to say, but words failed her. She went with the generic, \"I'm sure everything will turn out all right.\" Declan's hunt for the map came to an abrupt halt. He remembered what she had said about her father, about how hurt she had always been after he said those very same words. His eyes burned with a sort of passion that Anna didn't think she had seen from him before. It wasn't lust, it was more like a sort of determination. Declan closed the gap between them and held her soft hands in his callused ones. \"Anna, promise me you will never say that again... Ever .\" When words failed her yet again, all she could do was nod and say, \"Okay.\" ","Summary":" \"No, no, no, no!\" Declan cried as his car began slowing. Anna didn't know much about cars, but sh"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Becoming One","Author":"love story writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5751923","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Like the First Time and the Last\" Declan stood at the end of the aisle overlooking the cliffs of Ireland, where he first proposed to Anna. He had his eyes locked on Anna. When he first saw her, his breath caught in his throat at how beautiful she was in her simple white dress. In that moment he realized that he loved everything about her. Her ability to make something simple magical, her over-preciseness, the way she walks in her 4 inch heels (how she does, he'll never know), and just the way she loves. As her father proceeded to give her away to him, he thought about how her father put Anna through so much hell growing up. Before their wedding Anna explained that during high school she would waitress during the week, and then on weekends she would work at a clothing store, which caused Anna to lose her life as a normal teenager. It also opened Anna's eyes to how unreliable her father was. He silently promised to himself that when he became a father- if he became a father- that he would be the complete opposite of Anna's father and be the most reliable, loving father. He was snapped out of his day dream by Anna squeezing his hand. \"Hi bob,\" he said calling her by the nick name he gave her. \"Hi,\" she said with a shy smile. \"You look beautiful.\" \"You clean up pretty nice yourself\" He smirked at first, then grew serious, \"You ready?\" \"More than ever.\" \"Good. Me too.\" The minister then began to proceed with the ceremony. The time finally came for them to give their wedding vows. \"Declan,\" the minister stated, \"please recite your vows to Anna.\" \"I, Declan O'Callaghan now take you, Anna Brady to be my wife. In the presence of God and before these witnesses I promise to be a loving, faithful, loyal husband to you, for as long as we both shall live,\" Declan avowed as he put his mother's Claddagh ring on Anna's hand. \"Now Anna your turn,\" instructed the minister. \"I, Anna Brady now take you, Declan O'Callaghan to be my husband. In the presence of God and before these witnesses I promise to be a loving, faithful, loyal wife to you, for as long as we both shall live.\" Anna then places Declan's ring on his finger. \"Declan do you take Anna to be your lawfully wedded wife to have and to hold from this day forward as long as you both shall live?\" Declan looked at her with a knowing smile and says, \"I do.\" \"And do you Anna take Declan to be your lawfully wedded husband to have and to hold from this day forward as long as you both shall live?\" Beaming with happiness Anna said, \"I do.\" \"Declan, you may now kiss your bride.\" Declan drew Anna close for the kiss. He wrapped her arms around her frame. She put her hand on his face touching the beard she begged him to never shave. The kiss was first sweet, and loving, and full of trust and understanding. Then Declan wrapped his arms tighter, having Anna flushed against him, and kissed Anna harder. He kissed her like good ole' Frank the train conductor told him. Like it was the first, and like it was the last. Anna then pulled away knowing things were getting a little too out of hand for this PDA. As she pulled away Declan tried to keep her there for just a few moments. \"Down boy,\" she whispered, \"I'm not going anywhere. Besides you'll get plenty of thatLater.\" He simply smiled back at her. \"I present to you, Mr. and Mrs. Declan O'Callaghan,\" the minister said. The whole congregation stood and up and applauded for the married couple, and Declan took Anna by the arm and walked with her as husband and wife back up the aisle to walk back together to the pub where their reception would take place. When they finally walked far enough to be away from everyone's site, Anna grabbed Declan by the shoulders and kissed him hard on the mouth. She ran her fingers through his hair, one of her favorite physical attributes about him, and gently massaged his scalp. Declan was surprised at the sudden boldness of his sometimes uptight wife, and didn't respond at first but eventually pulled Anna close. After a few minutes Declan pulled away with Anna wanting more. \"Not that I mind, but where did that come from,\" Declan questioned. \"I just thought about how much I love you, and how very dashing you look in your suit,\" Anna said with a smile. \"Aw well isn't that sweet. And how very wrong you are,\" replied Declan. Anna looked at him with confusion written all over her face about the statement Declan just said, \"I do not only look dashing in this suit, but dashing all the time. Right,\"? \" You're right I'm sorry I did not mention that you are always extremely sexy,\" she said rolling her eyes, \"but you know when you look sexy the most?\" \"When,\" he questioned. \"When you have your shirt off,\" she stated bluntly. \" Ahh I knew you had a weak spot for me.\" \"Well... maybe a little.\" He smiled, \"Well I guess I'll have to keep it off more often.\" \"Oh shut up, we have a reception to get to and I still need you to refresh me on my river dancing. And plus you need to pack still for our honeymoon,\" she said grabbing her Declan by the hand and lead him to his pub. \"You know, I'm not too good at weddings,\" he whispered with a smile as he came up behind Anna wrapping his arm around her shoulders and handing her a glass of champagne. At first she was startled by his sudden presence, but relaxed and said, \"That's ok neither am. At one wedding, I threw up from being drunk on this very handsome, Irishman shoes,\" \"Did ya now? Poor fella having to deal with such a typical American. It makes me wonder about how my life will be. Will I always be havin' to rescue you, huh pukey?\" \"Shut up,\" she said while going to grab the champagne he brought her. \"Ah ah ah, I don't think so,\" he said while pulling the glass away from her reach. \"I do not want to have to carry you to the car and have you passed out while I am driving.\" \"Oh please. You are the one who has tendencies for falling asleep while sitting straight up.\" \"That was different,\" he said pointing a finger up as he was explaining, \"I was taking care of girl who called me a beast and then proceeded to throw up on my handsome Irish self shoes.\" \"And I intended on paying for them, but you wanted the coin that you conned me with,\" she fired back. \"Alright, alright you win. Go start saying your goodbyes and I'll go get Louis, and then we are off. But first can I have a kiss from my wife?\" \"Fine, and make sure you go pack,\" she said with a fake annoyed look on her face. And then gave Declan a solid kiss on the mouth. \"Always good luck to start a journey on a Friday,\" said Donal, one of the many old gentlemen that frequented Declan's pub. Everyone from the reception had left about an hour ago, and all that remained where Declan's regular pub crawlers. \"Aye it is, and also to consummate a marriage\" agreed Seamus with a wink, another gentlemen. \"Thanks for the words of wisdom gents, but I need to find my wife,\" Declan replied shaking his head in disbelief, \"Do either of you have an idea where she would be?\" \"Ah here comes your missus now,\" said Donal, \"Evenin Mrs. O'Callaghan.\" \"Good evening Donal,\" said Anna with a smile coming from the back of the pub where she and Declan lived. \"You look awfully pretty today if I may say so,\" Donal said with a shy look on his face. \"Well thank you very much Harry,\" she said looking at Declan. \"Don't you think she looks pretty Deco,\" questioned Seamus. \"She's stunning,\" Declan affirmed looking into Anna's eyes. Anna blushed a little, and a silence fell over the four. \"Alright, I think Anna I should get going,\" said Declan trying to give his customers the hint to leave. \"Yeah, we're losing daylight by the second, and we'll need to find a place to stay before it gets dark,\" agreed Anna enthusiastically. \"Aye we can take a hint ole' Deco. Come on Donal we best let these two love birds leave,\" said Seamus leading Donal out of the pub. \"Now remember gents I don't know when we'll be back, but the restaurant will be open with Aric, but I won't be here to keep the place open late for you all. So you're going to have to find some place new until I get back to get drunk and avoid your wives,\" said Declan smiling at them. \"Alright my boy, and remember what I told ya earlier about the consu-\" \"Uh yeah thanks Seamus , will do. Take care,\" interrupted Declan. John looked at him with confusion on his face, but didn't try to reply. \"Alright Sln you two!\" said Donal. \"Goodbye,\" replied Anna waving. Then the two old men walked out of the pub, and headed home to face the wraths of their wives. \"Finally, we're alone,\" Declan said as he gathered Anna in his arms kissing her. After the kiss, they both rested their foreheads on each others, noses touching, mouths millimeters apart, and breathing each other in. \"Are you ready to go,\" asked Declan. \"Very,\" stated Anna. \"What you want to leave our wonderful pub?\" \"No, I just want to spend some much needed alone time with my husband.\" \"What are you talking about four months ago we spend 3 whole days together.\" \"Ha ha ha,\" said Anna, \"but most of the time I loathed you, you loathed me. Pretty simple.\" \"I guess I see your point then. I guess if you really want me to, I'll spend some time with you,\" he said sarcastically, \"Alright let's go,\" he said grabbing her hand. \"Are you sure she's going to make it,\" asked Anna about Declan's beloved car. \"Remember she's a classic,\" defended Declan, \"She's as good as new even after some crazy woman tried to push her off the road.\" \"I didn't try to push her off the road. I was scraping cow poo off my shoe, because some rude man wouldn't help her move the cows,\" said Anna giving her evil eye to Declan. \"Only because someone was being pig-headed and couldn't wait,\" he said with a look of triumph. \"Shut up,\" Anna said defeated. The car thankfully started much to Anna's surprise, and Declan then turned around in the driver's to retrieve a map. \"Alright where to,\" he asked. \"Just drive,\" Anna answered trying to let her hair down more. \"Alright bob,\" Declan said looking at Anna with confusion. As Declan began to drive down the Irish countryside Anna asked, \"Wait a minute where's Louis?\" Having been found out Declan replied saying, \"Louis, uh he's fine. He's strapped onto the roof.\" \"You strapped him to the roof,\" Anna asked in disbelief, \"He'll get filthy up there!\" \"Don't worry,\" Declan reassured his wife as he put his arm around her, \"We'll throw him in the wash. He'll be grand.\" And then they both drove into an unforgetable adventure. So I'm a new writer and realize that this might of sucked, but I have a dream of writing so I'm starting to work on it. So if you can just give me any constructive criticism that would be great. And I'm sorry for any mispells or grammar problems, I don't have a beta or even know what one is.[Chapter 2] \"Knitting Convention Blues\" \"Bob,\" someone said shaking her. She didn't respond, and the shaking turned to tapping. \"Bob,\" the voice repeated once more, \"Bob wake up.\" She still didn't flinch. The unknown voice was starting to get annoyed. \"Anna!\" the voice shouted now fully irritated. \"What? What? I'm up!\" exclaimed Anna. It was not until then that she realized that the person who woke her up was her new husband Declan. She stared at him for a good couple of seconds to try and get her bearings. He was on the passenger side with the door open, and he was squatting on the ground to get to her level. The jacket he was wearing earlier was nowhere to be seen, and his dress shirt was buttoned down a little bit. His face looked like he was tired, and his beard was looking especially scraggly, but yet extremely sexy 'His face is so hansom, \"she mused silently. \"Anna, are you alright?\" her husband asked snapping her out of her reverie. \"What? Oh I'm fine. I was just in a really deep sleep,\" said Anna. \"Well you should be, you slept practically the entire drive,\" said Declan, \"I wasn't boring you. Was I?\" \"No, No of course not,\" she said brushing back his hair. \"The scenery and the radio just lulled me to sleep I guess.\" She sat there for a second in silence fiddling with his collar. \"Where are we?\" she asked breaking the silence, not even bothering to look at her surroundings. \"Look around,\" he said. She did as she was asked and gave a good look around. She saw a familiar, little cottage on a creek with a sign outside that said: \"Bed and Breakfast.\" She put two and two together and realized that it was the bed and breakfast she had stayed at with Declan on her previous trip to Ireland. Except last time, she wasn't even with Declan. She was having Declan drive her across Ireland to get to Dublin so she could propose to her ex-boyfriend Jeremy on Leap Day. \"Who would have thought that I would come back here with the same man, but legally tied to him?\" she thought laughing to herself. \"Do you like it?\" he asked with a hopeful look on his face. \"I love it,\" affirmed Anna while grabbing him by the chin and bringing him into a kiss. \"Do they know we're coming?\" \"I already talked to them last week, and got us the same room we had last time,\" he said with a sly look on his face. \"Oh so you had this planned the entire time, huh? You know how I hate surprises,\" she said dramatically. \"I do, but I thought this would be a good one,\" he said know that she was just pretending her dramatics. \"It is,\" she said pulling him into a longer kiss than the previous one. He gripped her face tenderly, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, and pulling him out of his squatting position and onto the corner of the seat of the car. Declan was the first the pull back, and end the kiss. He put his hands on both sides of Anna's face and stared into her eyes. \"I love you so much,\" he whispered. \"I love you too,\" said Anna. \"Alright,\" he said getting off of the seat and extending his hand, \"Let's go.\" \"Perfect,\" she said getting out of the car to go inside. \"Frank! Eileen!\" exclaimed Declan while shaking Frank's hand and reluctantly accepting the hug Eileen offered. \"Mr. and Mrs. O'Brady Callaghan\"! exclaimed Eileen. The couple's once smiling faces turned suddenly into faces of shock. They both looked at each other remembering the last time they came to the bed and breakfast they were newlyweds with the last name \"O'Brady Callaghan\" when they weren't even married, or even dating. \"Yup that's right. The O'Brady Callaghan's,\" said Anna looking at Declan with a strained smile. \"Well, now it's just O'Callaghan,\" said Declan, \"We decided to shorten it soon after we left here actually.\" \"Well isn't thatgrand,\" said Eileen with a confused look on her face. \"Well it's great to have you back,\" said Frank, \"but would you mine telling us why you both are dressed in wedding garb?\" \"Uh. Well you know. I mean,\" both of the couple stuttered not realizing that both of them were in still dressed from the wedding. Anna still had her wedding gown on, and Declan now donned the jacket and tie that were off earlier. \"Wow. We're dumb,\" thought Anna silently. Finally after mulling over a few good excuses in her mind, Anna said, \"Renewed our vows.\" \"Whot,\" said Declan, Frank, and Eileen simultaneously. \"We renewed our wedding vows. I know it's a little early for us, but we reenacted the ceremony for my great, great aunt from Boston,\" said Anna unsurely, \"She wasn't able to make it to the ceremony last time, but she was passing through Dingle to Dublin for a um, uh knitting convention.\" \"A knitting convention?\" Frank asked skeptically. \"Yup, a knitting trip. Isn't that right pumpkin?\" Anna asked her husband using the pet name he loathed, and hoping that he could take control over the sticky situation for a little bit. \"Uh, yeah a knitting convention. These old bats in Dublin are crazy for knitting and have a convention every year,\" Declan said trying to sound reassuring. \"I've never heard of this convention,\" stated Eileen. \"You wouldn't, it's only for the elite knitters in the world. It's very small,\" affirmed Declan. \"Ah well that's grand,\" said Frank. \"Can we show you to your room?\" questioned Eileen. \"Yes! Please,\" Anna said a little too excitedly, \"Uh I mean that would be great.\" \"Very well then come along,\" said Eileen with an odd look on her face. \"Thank God,\" Declan whispered into Anna's ear. \"Finally!\" exclaimed Anna as she fell back on the bed she and Declan would be sharing for a night. \"I know, stupid blokes we are,\" replied Declan as he fell face forward onto the bed next to Anna. \"We? We!,\" cried Anna as she rolled onto her side and Declan's eyes raised in alarm. \"You're the one who forgot to realize that we would be coming straight from the wedding. Me in my wedding gown and you in your suit! Jeeze! We could have gotten ourselves kicked out if they found out we lied to them last year! And then where would we have gone? I wouldn't be surprised if they haven't figured us out already\" Anna was now standing up with her hands on her hips, with a fired up look in her eyes. \"Whoa there! Don't you be blaming all of this on me,\" Declan said back. \"You're the one who said that your aunt was going to a knitting convention!\" \"It was the only thing I could think of! At least I didn't sit there with my god damn foot in my mouth!\" \"Bloody hell!\" exclaims Declan rubbing the bridge between his nose, \"I just wanted to do something nice for our first night together as husband and wife before we actually start our honeymoon, and look at us! Five hours we've been married and we're already been arguing. You always start our arguments!\" \"I cannot believe that you just said that!\" Anna shouted. \"I just did!\" said mockingly while getting inches from Anna's face. \"You know what? I'm going to go see if Eileen needs any help with dinner, and, and, and,\" Anna said trying to get her thoughts together while taking out the pins from her wedding hair, \"have fun sleeping in the shower. Again!\" she added slamming the door. \"I will!\" Declan shouted after her. \"Damnit! What have I done?\" ","Summary":" \"Like the First Time and the Last\" Declan stood at the end of the aisle overlooking the cliffs of"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"What a Year","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8541021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. The arrival of their son was much like their first journey together: nothing seemed to go right, everything went wrong, but it all came out okay in the end. The power had gone out when Anna woke in the wee hours of the morning feeling the first of many contractions to come. Shaking her husband's shoulder, Declan almost broke a leg as he hurried from bed and stumbled on the stairs trying to gather up everything they needed. The expectant parents seated in the car ready to head to the hospital, it failed to turn over. Anna gripped the dashboard in pain as Declan stood in the drizzling rain and tinkered with the engine. Sweat lined her brow when the car finally turned over and he took a seat. \"Okay,\" he swallowed. \"Let's do this.\" Anna gritted her teeth. \"Let's.\" The long, winding roads had never seemed so long and winding than that morning in the weak dawn light. Declan kept shooting glances at his wife, his anxiety increasing at every grunt of pain. His attention split, he almost slammed into a herd of cows. Anna moaned at the abrupt stopping action. Leaning back in her seat, she was unable to form words, panting as she pressed her hands to the side of her distended belly. Declan was already climbing out of the car, a half apology on his lips. \"I'll get them to move,\" he promised. Watching his pathetic attempts to do so, Anna struggled out of the car. Opening her mouth to encourage him, she gasped when a sharp pain ripped across her swollen abdomen. Gripping the bonnet, she rocked her body backward and forward as she keened. The pain barely passing, she looked up to find her husband there. \"My waters broke.\" Declan looked stupidly at the wet ground and then back at his wife before finally snapping into action. \"Let's get you back home.\" She whimpered as he helped her around the door and eased her into passenger seat. She gripped his shirt, not letting him move as she rode out her latest contraction. Pressing a kiss to her brow the minute it ended, Declan sprinted around to the driver side. Putting the car in reverse, bracing his arm on the headrest, he started driving backward erratically. He almost crashed when Anna suddenly reached out and gripped his arm. \"Stop the car!\" He obeyed immediately. Sitting in the middle of the road, he turned his attention to his wife. Her gaze locked on his, pain lining her features. \"The baby is coming,\" she panted. \"Now?!\" \"Yes, nowww...\" she screamed. \"Okay.\" \"No, it's not okay!\" In the middle of nowhere, on a deserted road in drizzling rain, Anna Callaghan gripped the stone wall and screamed, pushed, shouted abuse at her husband and gave birth to a son. Declan had tears in his eyes as he knelt between his wife's legs and caught the red squalling bundle that was his child. Cutting the umbilical cord and wrapping his crying son in his shirt, Declan couldn't stop smiling as he looked at his wife. The exhausted Anna was ungracefully propped up against the wall, but instantly reached out of her arms. Placing their newborn baby in her arms, Declan took a seat close next to her on the damp ground. \"Nothing's ever easy with you, is it Bob?\" She just smiled at him beatifically. As dawn streaked across the sky, clouds giving way to streaks of colour, basking in the love and relief of his parents, Brady Callaghan's cries were silenced. There could only ever be one name for their son: Brady. It was their very history was summed up in one word.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. It was dusk as Anna marched into the bedroom, brandishing a white stick. \"How do you explain this?\" Declan grinned from his position on the bed, Brady on his chest. \"It's Irish twins!\" \"Did you have to be such an overachiever?\" muttered Anna as she slid down onto the bed. Not waiting for an answer, she lay down beside him, resting a soft hand on the back of their sleeping six month old. \"I'm becoming a bloody clich.\" \"That may be so,\" he agreed, \"but at least you're my clich.\" He smothered any response with a kiss. Quite effective that. A 100 word bridging chapter.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. Jeremy Sloane flipped open the patient's file. Disregarding the name, his eyes sped over the medical report, his mind readily making a prognosis. Casting an eye over the pale man on the bed, he shut the file and left the room. \"Could someone please get the next of kin in here,\" he demanded of no one in particular. Twelve hours later and he picked up the file again. The patient  he spared a glance to the name this time (a one Jack Brady)  had defied all odds and made it through the night. Moving to the waiting room, he was ill-prepared for the sight that met him. Anna Brady  his one-time girlfriend and almost fiance  was standing there. Worry furrowed her brow, her hand slipping over her distended belly. Pregnant? The greater shock was when a man crossed the room and approached her shortly after. His back toward him, Jeremy realised several things at once when he turned. There was a kid in his arms and... It was him?! It was the guy who had driven her to Dublin. The hand he rested on her neck spoke of possession, and he was surprised at the clench of anger he felt when Anna looked up at him with an expression of gratitude. She'd never done that damsel in distress act with him before. Tightening his grip on the file, he stepped forward and brushed all of his emotion off to the side with ease, becoming the doctor he knew he was, ready to advise that whilst in a critical condition her father, with time, should recover. The run in with Jeremy had been unexpected, but a week later Anna found that the only emotion she felt to her ex-boyfriend was her gratitude that her father was going to be okay. She'd barely left his side in the week that followed and now thirty seven weeks pregnant and unable to fly home, Anna had accepted the fact that she would be giving birth to her second child in the States. Strolling down the streets with Declan a week later, their pace was leisurely. An emotional Anna couldn't help the smile that spread over her face as she turned a corner. Tugging on their intertwined hands, she guided her husband over to an imposing facade. \"That was my dream place to live,\" she said breathlessly. \"The Davenport.\" Declan looked up at the polished exterior, his face carefully smooth as he placed a hand on her shoulder. \"And now you live in a dingy pub in Ireland.\" She clasped his fingers firmly and refused to be baited as she admired the cold architecture, so different to what she knew - and loved. \"Should I give the two of you a moment?\" Declan kidded, though it wasn't without a degree of concern. Anna must have picked up on it  she really was a perceptive thing, his wife  for she turned to him and looked straight into his eyes. \"Nope, I'm good.\" Brushing her fingers over the fine hair of the dozing Brady strapped to his father's chest, she tugged her husband in for a kiss. \"Thank you for coming,\" she said softly when they parted, brushing her fingers over his lips. \"And staying.\" \"Where else was I going to be?\" he responded bewildered as they commenced walking again. She slapped his shoulder. \"Just take the compliment will you!\" \"Yes ma'am.\" The Davenport remaining standing as the O'Callaghan family laughed and moved on. Mairead O'Callaghan was born two weeks and three days later... ... in a hospital. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. The arrival of their son was much like their fi"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Her Biggest Mistake","Author":"Dalyankiz81","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13188140","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Time stood still. Declan froze, rigid to the spot and stared wide-eyed at Kayleigh. What the hell? This he didn't expect. He knew that Kayleigh was still talking but he could no longer process what she was saying. Eventually he became aware of his name being repeated. \"Declan?\" Her voice shook him from his dazed state. He blinked for a prolonged second and met Kayleigh's eyes once more. Was she expecting him to respond to this little revelation? And how exactly? What on Earth was he meant to say to this? \"Declan?\" She uttered his name once again but in a more choked, desperate whisper this time. He noticed her eyes had started to fill with tears and for a second all he wanted to do was take her into his arms and tell her that everything was going to be alright. The way he used to. Did he really feel sorry for the girl who, so callously, left him for his best friend and took off to Dublin, leaving Declan shattered and broken? Well... to his surprise he did. Luckily his sensible subconscious was on hand to remind him of what she did to him and that he couldn't just forget. A river of conflicted thoughts rushed through his confused mind. In a few short seconds he managed to get a grasp on what had just occurred. He'd asked Kayleigh to meet him here the day after Anna left, merely to get back the treasured engagement ring his mother had left to him. And yet here she stood telling him that she and Ryan were well and truly estranged, apparently because she realised she still loved Declan and had made the worst mistake of her life leaving him. And once Ryan had got wind of this... well he didn't stick around for long. \"Declan, I wanted to call you so many times since Ryan left..\" Kayleigh was on the brink of tears again. Declan felt his heart flip a little. Damn, she looked breathtaking - a beautiful but broken soul. She swallowed hard. \"But I thought you'd probably met someone else by now and was happy, and actually I didn't have any right to make contact and mess with your head - again.\" Declan's mind wandered back to the flame-haired siren who had entered his life only a few days ago, turned it completely on its head, and then exited it just as quick. He wondered how she was doing - whether she'd had a safe flight back to Boston but, most importantly, whether she'd settled back into her luxury lifestyle with the fancy apartment and her cardiologist fianc. He thought back to Jeremy down on one knee in that hotel foyer, surrounded by pathetic, excited onlookers with cameras. In the little time he'd got to know Anna he never thought she'd be impressed by that little charade/display of affection, whatever it was. But hey, what did he know? \"Declan please say something\" Kayleigh's voice again broke his thoughts of Anna. He took a beat. No, Anna had made it perfectly clear what direction she was heading and had made her choice very easily. He knew he needed to forget her, she wasn't at all like he thought. Besides, it appeared he was being given this chance of a potential fresh start. With his first love. He looked down at his feet. He had to take control of this situation now. \"Kayleigh it's crazy of you to think we can just... go back to the way we were, you know?\" Her face fell and silent tears rolled down her cheeks as she slowly nodded in agreement. Declan hated himself for making her feel like this, in spite of how she'd almost destroyed him. \"But\" he started again. Kayleigh looked up, hopeful. \"We do have a lot of stuff to catch up on, don't you think? Why don't you come and stay at the pub for a few days cos I think you could use a friend?\". The words were out before he realised. What harm could it do? \" There's a recently vacated room with your name on it\". He thought of Anna tripping out all the electrics with her stupid phone charger and he couldn't hide the slight smile that crept upon his face at this memory. Seriously Declan.. He silently berated himself. You really need to forget about the red-headed American. Anna waited at the baggage carousel in the arrivals hall. \"Oh look, there's Louis!\" she exclaimed when she spotted her Vuitton case on its way round. She glanced at Jeremy who was just giving her the mother of strange looks at her little outburst. Anna didn't care though, she was engaged. It was everything she'd ever wanted. Louis drew up to them and she waited for Jeremy to haul him off the baggage belt. Except Louis stayed put and just trundled past. She couldn't believe Jeremy had made no effort whatsoever to grab her case for her. In fact he was too preoccupied by a video call with one of his colleagues to even notice. She briefly thought of Declan - he'd carried her bags for her at every opportunity. How did a cheeky sod, with an ability for blatant rudeness, actually have such great manners underneath it all? And turn out to be one of the sweetest, loveliest guys she'd ever met? And that kiss... Stop! Anna distracted her wayward thoughts. For God's sake woman, you're engaged to the love of your life aren't you...? Forget about Declan. And with that all thoughts of the charming handsome stranger, who had grown on her a lot during their few days together in Ireland, were gone. For now... Louis reappeared once more, having journeyed a full lap of the carousel, and Anna grabbed him with both hands from the belt. Jeremy was standing several feet away from her now and still engrossed in his video call. She walked up to join him as he ended the call. \"I can't wait to get to our new apartment\" she grinned. \"Me neither sweetheart\" replied Jeremy as he kissed the side of her head.[Chapter 2] It had been three days since Kayleigh had joined Declan at the Caragh. They'd been getting along just great, and Kayleigh had been helping out behind the bar in the evenings which was a huge help. Some of the old regulars who had been customers since forever had made comments about how wonderful it was that they were back together, but Declan continued to point out that they were just friends for now. In actual fact it bothered him slightly that they'd all seemingly forgotten exactly what she'd done to him in the first place. Did these people have no morals? The problem was none of that stoic bravado counted for anything when he met her on the landing that night as he was heading to bed. She asked him for a hug as she was feeling happy and incredibly lucky that he'd given her the chance to spend time with him again. And that right there was his undoing. As she slipped her arms round his neck, before he knew it he'd leant down and pressed his lips to hers. She looked slightly surprised but then proceeded to kiss him back - as if it was the last chance she would ever get. A frission of euphoria ran through him. It was a familiar feeling, one that he thought must relate to when he and Kayleigh were first dating, yet strangely similar to how he felt when he'd kissed Anna in the B&B; after he'd been practically forced to by the owners. He pulled back and instead enveloped Kayleigh into a bear hug as he tried to make some sense of the craziness in his head. That kiss in the B&B; had been incredible . Briefly he wondered whether Anna really was happy in her life back in the States. But before his thoughts could take him elsewhere Kayleigh broke free from his embrace, kissed him on the cheek and thanked him for everything before wishing him goodnight. As he watched her head to her room his mind was a whirlwind once again, as it had been in Dublin three days ago. Anna stood back to admire the decor she had put in place for her and Jeremy's housewarming/engagement party. As their first guests arrived and more continued to do so she couldn't believe how lucky she was to finally have everything she ever wanted - an incredible apartment, a job she adored and, most importantly, an amazing fianc. She'd already been planning some the smaller details of their dream wedding on the quiet whilst flying back from Dublin. But isn't that what every bride-to-be does? And she is the queen of planning and organisation after all. Having done the obligatory walkaround with guests for, it would seem, the twentieth time, Anna finally took some time to hang out with Libby. She was Anna's closest friend and also engaged so she was looking forward to them having plenty of wedding-planning fun in the coming weeks and months. She liked her a lot. I mean she'd made a joke earlier about throwing Anna out of the window so she could take her new apartment for herself but that was just Libby's sense of humour wasn't it? As Jeremy approached something he said caught her attention. It was in response to something Libby's fianc had said to him. She couldn't quite make it out exactly but something about a \"package deal\". Libby jumped on it straight away and assumed the realtors had thrown in a ring with the purchase of the apartment. \"Uhh, more like the other way around\" replied Jeremy cautiously as he was very aware that his fiance was standing right next to him. What? Anna suddenly realised that something odd was going on and she wanted to know more. \"What do you mean?\" she asked trying to sound as nonchalant as she could. Jeremy proceeded to explain everything to her and their friends, and time stopped.. A huge black abyss opened up and threatened to consume Anna. She thought she was actually going to going to throw up. She could see Jeremy still talking but could no longer hear a word he was saying. All she knew was the one thing she needed to - he'd proposed in Dublin purely because their chances of securing the apartment was virtually zero as an unmarried couple. That's pretty much what he'd said wasn't it? She vaguely realised that even Libby and her fianc were shocked but she couldn't worry about them, she needed to get away from Jeremy right this minute. As she stood in the kitchen watching all their guests, Libby included, pawing over their possessions - the expensive dining table, sideboard and everything else - Anna, in her devastation, came to a snap realisation. The last 4 years had all been for nothing. Jeremy obviously didn't want to marry her because he loved her. He was as utterly shallow and materialistic as everyone else in that room. And she did not want to be a part of that for a second longer. In fact she knew exactly where and with whom she wanted to be right now... Spotting the fire alarm button they'd had installed, she seized her opportunity before she had a chance to change her mind. The panic that ensued when the alarm sounded gave her a few precious minutes to run to their bedroom, grab Louis and throw a few things in before grabbing her passport and making her escape. In fact, Jeremy wasn't even aware of his fiance's whereabouts during the whole evacuation as he was far too busy gathering his cameras, iPads and anything else he deemed to be \"valuables\".[Chapter 3] The morning sun streamed through Declan's bedroom window signalling the start of a new day. He hadn't been able to sleep all that well unsurprisingly, his mind constantly going over the events of the last few days. He shook his head and groaned inwardly. It was actually typical of him to do something rash - like kiss his ex-fiance and potentially open up a huge can of worms. He wondered if Kayleigh was up yet. Yes there was no denying it, they had been getting on really well since they'd met up. And their kiss last night had been lovely, a real tender moment between them... but a full blown reconciliation? Could he really go there again? He wasn't sure. He'd always believed that once you'd been burned by an individual... well they'd always find a way to hurt you again, if you let them. Plus, he realised, he was dealing with some pretty conflicted feelings for Anna as well. Which was crazy he knew, I mean she was well and truly settled back into her own life again. Far away from him. His mind briefly took him back to that day he said goodbye to her in the hotel. What if he'd got to tell Anna how he felt about her before the cardiologist got in there first? How would she have reacted? She'd seemed pretty upset about the prospect of leaving and potentially never seeing him again. But was that just wishful thinking on his part? A knock on his door broke his reverie. It was Kayleigh wondering if he was awake. He had to say something in case she just came in on her own accord. \"Ah yeah, I'll be down in a sec, would you stick the kettle on for us?\" It's all he could muster as his brain was feeling pretty vexed. He knew he had to talk to Kayleigh, and with no airs and graces. If he was still hung up on someone else, even though she'd since disappeared from his life, it was only fair to let Kayleigh know where she stood. It was becoming clear to him that he couldn't possibly enter into a new relationship until he'd gotten over Anna from Boston a hundred percent. Downstairs Kayleigh had made them both a cup of tea and was sat at one end of the main dining table. Declan walked in and took a long sip - it was heavenly. This lady certainly knew how he liked his morning cuppa. Momentarily he considered whether this kind of familiarity they had was enough to gloss over all of their messy past and drive Anna out of his head, once and for all. No, it isnt.. Declan sat down opposite Kayleigh. Ok so here goes.. \"Kayleigh..\" He looked her square in the face. \"Erm Kayleigh..\" He was very aware he was starting to sound like a broken Marillion record. \"I wanna apologise for what happened last night upstairs. I reckon I must have had a bit too much to drink or something and just got carried away..\". Which upon saying, Declan immediately realised his error - she knew damn well he hadn't drunk a drop all night as they'd been working flat out in the bar all evening until the last punters left. He recognised this and knew he'd just have to come clean instead. \"Ok.. no.. well..\" He genuinely didn't know where to begin. To his surprise Kayleigh moved to sit closer too him and took his hands into hers. \"Declan, please don't worry about giving me any false hopes or anything. I'm absolutely fine and I won't push it any further, I promise\". Could she really see what was going on in his head? The thought unnerved him. She continued. \"I had an inkling that perhaps you've got thoughts of someone else in your head anyway\". \"You did?\" How did she know this stuff? \"Joe mentioned an American girl who came last week looking for a ride to Dublin. He said you'd offered to drive her even though it was probably the last place you wanted to go. They all thought you'll kill each other by the time you got there!\". Declan thought of Anna's face when he'd introduced her to his beloved Renault 4, it was a look of sheer distaste and contempt, let's face it. Still the memory made him smile. \"Do you love her?\" Kayleigh's blunt to the point question nearly winded him. What?! He pondered this for a second or two. Did he? Even if he did, it couldn't be real love could it? He'd already established that he and Anna were as different as night and day. But Kayleigh had taken charge by now. What the hell had changed in her since last night? \"Declan... I love you so much, you mean the world to me and more.. And I'm so sorry for hurting you\". Kayleigh looked as if she was going to cry again. No please don't.. \"But if you've found someone else that deserves your love more than me then you HAVE to do something about it.. I mean.. if we're not going to be together again then I'm gonna need it to be for a bloody good reason!\" If Declan was confused before then he was messed up beyond comprehension now. It was all very well Kayleigh saying this stuff and being sweet and understanding - essentially he'd been let off the hook with his ex, which was a huge relief. But he was never going to see Anna again either. So what was the point? Thankfully the rest of Declan's morning passed by without so much of a thought of his ex or his \"lost love\". A group of English backpackers had descended onto Dingle so the Caragh had been frantic from mid morning. Anna looked around at the signs hanging from the ceiling of the arrivals hall at Dublin Airport. She had retrieved Louis already and was looking for a taxi or transfer service. She had no idea how long a cab would actually take to get to Dingle as the last time she arrived it had been via a dodgy boatsman on his fishing trawler. She giggled inwardly at the memory of having to trudge across the beach in her Jimmy Choos. At least she'd had the sensibility to wear flats this time... just in case. It was mid afternoon by the time she drew up to a familiar painted brick building. It had seemed like the longest drive.. She stepped out of the taxi, paid up, grabbed Louis and made her way up to the entrance of The Caragh. Anna steeled herself. \" So.. its now or never Brady \" Slowly she opened the door to the public house. It was busy. Much busier than she'd remembered but, then, what did she know? She'd only been here for one day before, perhaps it was usually like this. She glanced over at the bar - there was no sign of Declan. That was ok though, she had a plan of how she was going to get his attention. A staff member who she didn't recognise was standing behind the bar. Anna called him over and placed her order. She sat back in her seat and considered what Mr O'Callaghan was going to make of her unexpected arrival. She hadn't imagined it, there definitely had been a moment of \"what if?\" between them in the hotel shortly before Jeremy had caught up with her. Oh how she hoped Declan was going to react positively to what she had to say. The chicken pie she'd ordered arrived and, as expected, it was absolutely delicious. Exactly what she needed after flying 3000 miles to get there. It was almost too tempting to just throw off her little plan and eat the lot but she knew she had to get his attention somehow. However minutes later she discovered she didn't need to, for the door to the kitchen opened and out walked the man himself. It took him all of a nanosecond to spot her and he stopped dead in his tracks, staring open-mouthed at her. Anna suddenly felt hugely reassured, he obviously was affected by her too. She stood up and began to walk towards him. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" he asked. \"Typical\" she replied but not offended. \"Rude as ever\". And so damn gorgeous.. \"Well, Declan O'Callaghan.. I'm here to tell you that I've flown all the way from Boston to see how you are\". He gave her a small smile. It wasn't a lie. Seconds later a woman passed through the kitchen door and hovered behind him. Anna thought she looked vaguely familiar but couldn't pinpoint how or why. And then the terrible realisation hit her... It was the blonde in the photo she'd found in the wardrobe, Declan's ex-fiance... what's her name, Kayleigh? For the second time in two days Anna found herself at the centre of a hellish reality in which she just wanted to be swallowed up by the ground beneath her. Her breathing quickened and she panicked that she was going start crying uncontrollably right there in front of the whole pub. She looked from Kayleigh to Declan and the enormity of the situation began to make itself clear. He'd obviously gone to see Kayleigh whilst in Dublin to get his mother's ring back - like Anna had urged him too - and now it seemed they were giving things another go. She closed her eyes for a beat. She'd unwittingly brought the two of them back together. It was too much. She needed to get out of there and fast. Declan watched Anna turn on her heels and run out of the pub. \"Anna, wait..!\" What was all that about? And as he turned and spotted Kayleigh standing a couple of feet away it dawned on him. Anna must have seen the two of them together and jumped to the wrong conclusion. Well he couldn't blame her - they did look like the landlord and his wife standing there behind the bar. Oh God. He had to find her and explain. He was not losing her for a second time . He turned and ran back through the kitchen, taking the stairs two at a time to reach his bedroom. He collected the precious item from his top drawer and slipped it into his jeans pocket before heading back down to the bar. \"Kayleigh would you mind keeping an eye for a minute?\" He paused for a second to take her in. She was looking much better since she'd come to stay. He wondered if she was hurting inside, seeing all this. He genuinely hoped not. But she wasn't the priority any more, Anna was. He walked up to Kayleigh and gave her a kiss on the cheek \"I'm sorry..\". She gave him a weak smile \"Don't be.. Go get her Decco\". Anna stood on the edge of the cliff looking at the waves crashing against the rocks down below. She looked around at the scenery that surrounded her - this place was truly stunning. Yet she was in a dark dark place. How on Earth had she got this so wrong? She acknowledged that losing Declan to someone else hurt way more than finding out rat-boy Jeremy had only wanted her for an apartment. How could Declan just disregard the past and take back the woman who'd betrayed him in the worst way possible? It didn't make sense. She moved closer to the edge and peered down. It was a sheer drop. There was one way to stop all of this pain.. No she couldn't do that to Declan, he'd have it on his conscience for the rest of his life and that wasn't on. See she was still thinking only of him, when all was said and done, everything came down to Declan at the end of the day. The one that got away.. Anna wondered briefly what she was going to do, obviously she would book on to the next flight back and consider her options back home. A familiar voice distracted her thoughts. \"Mrs O'Brady Callaghan, where the HELL are you going? What was he doing here? Why had he followed her? She turned to see Declan standing before her, his hair blowing gently in the afternoon breeze. Why is this guy so goddamn hot? \"Declan.. What are you...Where is your girlfriend? ...Or is she your fiance again?\" He gave her a sympathetic look. His conclusion had been correct, she had got the wrong end of the stick. \"Anna... me and Kayleigh aren't back together and we never will be. We've just been looking out for each other lately, that's all\". He paused. \"We both needed a friend.. At the same time...\" He looked thoughtful for a second. \"And despite what she did, she's turned out to be a very decent friend actually\" But she wasn't Anna. He knew he'd tell her about his close encounter with Kayleigh in the pub one day but that wasn't for now. There was something else he needed to do. He produced the ring from his pocket and held it out in the palm of his hand. \"I wouldn't be holding this ring if it wasn't for you, so thank you\" He slowly sank down on to one knee and held the ring up between his thumb and index finger. He looked deep into her eyes. \"Miss Anna Brady from Boston, would you do me the honour of being my wife? He looked down at his positioning, his knee on the ground. \"And I'd appreciate an answer soonish if you don't mind as it's already a bit damp down here\" Anna was on the brink of bursting with sheer unadulterated joy and happiness. This was probably the easiest question she'd ever have to answer. \"Yes, of course I'll marry you. I love you Declan, so so much\" He stood up and swept her up in his arms, lifting her off the ground. And as they kissed in the bask of the evening sunset Declan realised he finally had everything he ever wanted and needed. \"I love you too... Bob\" ","Summary":" Time stood still. Declan froze, rigid to the spot and stared wide-eyed at Kayleigh. What the hell? "},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"I Love Him","Author":"tetisheri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6514961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I was watching this movie again at 12 am because I have a bad case of insomnia. While I was watching it this one shot popped into my headit was weird because it wouldn't go away. So I turned on my computer and began writing. This is what I got. So here I am at 2 am now putting it up on fanfic. I love him It started with a plan. That was all. I just spoke my mind for once. I didn't mean to yell at them in gym, I didn't mean to start a conversation with them in detention. They always said the best things happened without warning. Well I had no warning when I was hit in the head by the volleyball. I believe that's what truly started it. The volleyball was at fault. If I wasn't standing in that exact position I would of never been hit by a volleyball. I would have never gotten caught up in the cat fight. I wouldn't of blown the P.E. teachers whistle and yelled at them. It was all the volleyball you see. I only meant to knock some sense into them. I only wanted them to see how stupid they were acting. Starting an all out fight because of a guy? An asshole? A cute asshole mind you but that's not the point. They were idiotsall of them. Falling under his spell. I couldn't believe they couldn't see straight through him. Were they all brain dead? How could they not see that his act was all a lie? Then in detention they began fighting again. This time it was verbally luckily. They figured out he gave them the same speech. I was already annoyed enough with them. I just wanted to get through detention without bitch fits. So I opened my mouth. I gained their attention. Then I spoke some more. I let my anger from seeing my mother being hurt over and over by guys like him boil over. So I told them I'd get even with a guy like him. I didn't think they'd ever take me seriously. That night. When they all appeared at my door. I was happy that they wanted to actually spend time with me. I had spent so much of my life alone, that at the first sign of friendship I jumped at it. I didn't even care that they only anted to know me because they believed I had all the answers to their hurt. So I ignored the bad things about why they hung out with me and only focused on the fact that I had friends. We tried tearing him down first. Making him completely unpopular, but it didn't work. He just got even more popular. At every turn he bounced back, showing me that he was stronger then the average Skip. I kept thinking of ways to get meaner. I needed them to stay interested in me. I needed to have them as friends. So I thought of the pills. The estrogen pills worked like a charm on him. It worked. He completely broke down in the middle of the game. It was an amazing feeling meeting the gazes of my friends and seeing their proud and triumphant smiles. The plan itself worked for a while. Everyone didn't want to be seen with the guy who acted like a complete pansy on the court. Then the sensitive easy type girls started going up to him. I had another plan. It was perfect. I was going to tell them all after school. They would love me for it. It would tear him down completely. Of course it was the meanest thing I had ever thought of. I meanI wasn't mean by nature but I needed them to stay my friends. I was desperate for them you see. I didn't want to go back to the invisible girl at school. But when they all came to my house. They told me the worst news I have ever heard. He had broken up with them. Our ways to getting to him were gone now. There wasn't anyway we could still pull it all off if they weren't dating him. I was defeated, but I gave them chocolate in hopes of making them see I was a good friend no matter what. And it worked. We laughed and ate junk food while they gushed over how much they hated John Tucker. But of course it didn't last. They all wanted me to do something. Something I would never do. I wasn't mean to people. I couldn't hurt someone that bad, but they all began to leave. I agreed to break his heart knowing it would keep them my friends for a little while longer. That was a good reason right? Well for me it was at the time. So I let them morph me into what they wanted me to be. I acted like a hard to get slut who had some morals. It was all fun and games for a while. They made me into his perfect girl. I loved every moment they kept me around. I was becoming known. People talked to me. I wanted to stay known. To stay popular. He was easy to lure in. It was easy to get him wanting me. I was their perfect creation after all. I liked the flattery he tried. The flowers were cheesy and it was a classic. I wouldn't fall for his cheap tricks. He was a Skip after all. He didn't mean anything he did. It was funny watching him stress over trying to impress me. Fun to see all my friends faces light up with amusement as I turned him down at every turn. I knew what I was doing the whole time. I knew that at every smooth remark, and flirty offhanded pass he was going in deeper. I knew that by the end of it all that I would break his heart. I knew all this and I didn't care one bit. I was popular, I had friends, and I was being someone new. I was a new person. I was cruel, sexy, hot, and had the most wanted guy in the palm of my hand. I had it all. He took me out to dinnerwell what I thought was suppose to be dinner. It ended up being on a boat. He was charming like usual. I laughed at everything he said. He was still trying to impress me. Become my perfect guy, but what he didn't know was that the girl he was falling for was a fake. It was easy to become the new Kate. But then he got serious. I was leaning against a pole while he leaned over me. His voice had dropped in embarrassment and nerves. He had looked me in the eyes and told me what he feared. He feared trying to get with me. I froze. The person they created went on stand by. I was myself. He told me who he really was. And then went for a kiss. I couldn't let him kiss me. Not the real me. Not the invisible girl who meant absolutely nothing to him. So I blurted out my opinion. He looked hurt that I had dodged his kiss after that confession. But he played it over smoothly. I planned on backing out after that. I couldn't go through with it any longer. How could I break his heart when I wasn't even really in possession of it? They werethe girls I considered my friends. I was just their robot, their doll. I told them I didn't want to do it anymore. I couldn't do it anymore. I wasn't this monster they created. They pulled me in again. They showed me a video of John talking about me so crudely in the locker room with his friends. I was just suppose to be an easy fuck to him. My anger grew. I thought he had been sincere with me then. On the boat he's never taken anyone else on. I couldn't see any lies or deceit in his eyes. I became the bitch they made me into. I humiliated him for a third time and didn't care. I smirked in satisfaction as he stood there in the hall, blushing and trying to cover himself. I felt nothing but glee as I saw him cower under the gaze of everyone. I went back to my room and gushed over our victory. I had a whole weekend to think over what I did. I hated myself for it. I hated they my friends had me in such a choke hold. I hated how I needed them to stay popular. I wanted to be me again, but how could I? the school didn't know methey knew Carrie's, Beth's, and Heather's Barbie doll. I needed to get out of this before I actually lost myself. My mother was rightI couldn't do this. It was Monday now. Two days before John's birthday and his ultimate heart break. I had gone through the first half of the day pleading that he wouldn't try and talk to me. But I saw the whole boy population wearing thongs at lunch He made it popular. I swallowed over the lump in my throat and kept walking hoping he would be mad at me. I couldn't have him talk to me right now. I wouldn't be able to handle it. I would tell him everything. I would confess to being a complete fake. I would tell him who really was behind this girl he liked. That I wasn't her. I wasn't thisthing that was made for him. I wasn't her. And it shattered me. He had fallen for it. The God of the Kodiaks, the high and mighty John Tucker fell for his own game. His own trap. He had fallen for a girl I playednot me. I didn't notice it at first. I didn't notice that I started feeling the butterflies when he would come up to me. I didn't notice that my thoughts of him changed with each moment we spent together. When I did noticehe had already fallen for their girl. And I was in love with him. It all started out with a plan, noa volley ball. It was meant to be a harmless revenge for three girls who had their hearts torn. It was only meant to show him a lesson. But nowthe only thing I wanted him to figure out was that I loved him. Me, Kate loved John Tucker, but nohe loved Kate 2.0 property of the three bitchiest girls in school. \"Hey Kate!\" I closed my eyes and clutched my folder closer to my chest. Nonot nowI looked to see him run up to me. \"Heythe other night didn't really go as planned\" he said a faint blush staining his tanned cheeks. \"Yasorry.\" I muttered and kept walking. Please Johnwalk away from me. \"Ehit's alright I kind ofspun it.\" he admitted truthfully. I chuckled at that. \"Ya you did. Everyone knows Vicky's secret now.\" I looked around me and saw Carrie a few yards away subtly recording it all. Go away John \"Mmhmm Tommy was thinking about making it a Birthday theme. 'Not the same old thong and dance'\" he smiled big breaking off another pice of my heart. I swallowed over my hurt and turned up my blow off bitch knob. \"Cute.\" I answered curtly hoping he'd just leave now. If he kept at itI would tell him. He stopped walking next to me. \"KateKate wait. Wait.\" he hurried to catch back up. He moved in front of me causing me to stop walking. I averted my eyes from him. \"Lookyou don't get it. I humiliated myself for your attentionand I'm not trying this hard just to hook up.\" I scowled remembering the video. \"I'm not just some '82 Bordeaux you wanna uncork and pork?\" I asked with a turn of my lip. He looked at me like I just dropped a bomb. \"N-no t-that's just locker room talkI don't mean any of it.\" he explained hurriedlylooking very worried. I moved my gaze away from him. Please Johnjust go away now. \"So you look like an asshole in front of your friends so you won't be seen as whipped?\" I bit my lip nervously. Say nosay that you are an asshole. Say that all you want is a quick fuck. \"Yes.\" he sounded so relieved. I closed my eyes and tried to quell the swelling in my chest. How could I even thought of doing this to him? No one deserves this. \"I'm doing things I've never done before Kate. I even put on your underwear and scaled a building!\" it was leading up to something. I made a face. He sighed heavily sounding defeated. Goodgo away. \"I'm trying so hard\" No \"But I'm out of plays.\" Shut up. Please John just shut up. Don't say anything else. I looked up unable to resist not looking at him. He had bright green eyeslike oak leaves in a summer day. \"Kateyou're the one.\" I felt my world fall. He didn't love me. He loved the puppet I became. He loved the fake girl they made. He didn't love me. He didn't love me. Whywhy the hell was I hit in the damn head with the volley ball? Why couldn't I keep my stupid mouth shut? Why did I have to tell them that I would get even with a guy like him? He didn't deserve it. He had feeing like the rest of us. He was human like us. \"LookI've never done this beforeso I'm not\" he sighed trailing off and began fumbling to get his watch off. \"Sure how this works but\" I felt my tears welling up in my eyes. Don't do it John. \"It's just something personal. Okay?\" he got the watch off. \"Just something to show you\" he slipped it on my wrist clasping it closed before holding my arm up. \"AN whoever else wants to know that I'm whipped.\" he nodded once pursing his lips before looking back down at me. \"YeahI'm whipped.\" his shoulders hunched in slightly and his eye brows lifted up. \"Will you be my girlfriend?\" I looked down at the large watch. My pain, anger, and sorrow brimming over leaving wet trails down my cheeks. \"Kate?\" \"I have toI have to go\" I muttered not lifting my head up and bypassed him. I kept walking till I got to the car. I couldn't do this any longer. I couldn't be who they wanted me to be anymore. I fallen in too deep. Why couldn't I stay emotionally detached? Why did I have to fall for him? I had drove home without realizing it. I ran into the house and up into my room before my mom could see me. I curled up miserably on my bed hugging one of my pillows close to my chest and sobbed. I cried for everything I got myself into. I was an idiot. Thinking that by breaking a guy down I would be able to keep my friends around. I was only ever their pawn. I meant nothing to them. All they cared about was themselves and their personal gain. They didn't care that John was actually a nice guy. That he actually had a heart that cared about people. They only wanted to see him as broken as they were. \"Honeywhat happened?\" I felt my mom sit on the bed and rub my back soothingly. I abandoned my pillow to bury myself into her stomach. Her arms wrapped lovingly around my torso. \"Shhh.it's okayit's alright\" I sobbed harder. Why did I have to fall for a guy who would never love the real me? \"What wrong sweetie? You can tell me.\" I sniffled before looking up at my mom. Her eyes filled with sympathy and hurt. \"I love him mom\" I croaked another sob breaking through my throat. \"I love him and he only knows what they created\" I pressed my face back into her stomach my crying doubling. \"Oh my poor girl\" she crooned rubbing my back soothingly. \"It's going to be alright honey\" after a while of her soft soothing words and back rubbing my crying subsided. \"How about I make you some hot chocolate?\" I nodded and let her go. She got up and went away. I curled further into my ball my back to the door. I stared out at my bedroom wondering what would happen now. I ran out when he had asked me to be his girlfriend. I looked at the watch on my wrist. Why did he have to fall for his own trap? Why couldn't he see that it was all a lie? When I went back to schoolwhat would happen. They'd yell at me of course. They would tell me I was an idiot for running off that way. That I ruined their revenge. Their plansit was all them. Always them. I even kissed a girl because of them! \"Kate?\" the deep voice of the one person I really didn't want to talk to made me freeze. \"I...uhhyour mom let me inI justI ummI wanted to\" I heard a deep sigh and footsteps. I felt my bed springs bend from the weight. \"I wanted to say sorry?if I scared you back at schoolI guess I really do come on-\" he stopped talking when I sat up. I drew my knees to my chest and stared at John. He had come to my house to apologize. I felt more tears, but I refused to let them surface. \"I'm Kate Lancen.\" he looked at me confusedly. \"I am the most socially awkward person I know, I love old bands, I like belting them out even though I can't sing for anything, I am a klutz, I am considered smart, I absolutely despise cheerleaders and cheerleading, and I've never went out with anyone.\" I finished by biting my lip. I saw him open his mouth to speak. \"I'm not done. I am alsothe girl you fell for. The one that is mysterious, charming, experienced, plays up everything like it's sexual. I know three girls who are at least one of those things.\" \"What are you trying to say Kate?\" \"Carrie, Beth, and Heather to be exact. They are the people behind me being the girl you know. We met because they started a fight in gym\" and I told him the truth. I told him everything we did, and why I was doing it. I finally let out all the pent up emotions that had been growing since this whole mess started. When I was done I let out a relieved breath. He sat there looking a little more then betrayed, and hurt. \"If you want your watch backI'd give it.\" his hand stilled mine from taking it off. I looked up confused, but was soon lost in the sincerity of his eyes. \"I know I should probably hate you right nowbut I can't.\" he smiled a small almost shy smile. I blinked unable to comprehend what was happening. He wasn't mad? Why didn't he leave? I watched his hand move to lightly wipe the tears I was unaware I was shedding. \"Thank youfor telling me the truth.\" he leaned in and our lips met. ","Summary":" AN: I was watching this movie again at 12 am because I have a bad case of insomnia. While I was wat"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Pick up lines","Author":"Lieutenant Thalia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10413885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] On the first day Beth saw her, she said, \"if I told you that you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?\" The blonde girl just shakes her head and walks off. There was no way that Beth could have been talking to her. Right? On the second day, Beth says, \"you're so hot you made me forget my pick up line.\" The girl with the electric blue eyes shakes her head, grabs her books, and shuts her locker before waking away. Definitely not talking to her. On the third day, the girl is carrying a Harry Potter book, so Beth says, \"your smile is like Expelliarmus.\" \"What?\" The girl asks. \"It's simple but disarming.\" The girl smiles, and Beth smiles back. Then the girl is called off by a friend, and leaves. She was talking to me. The girl thinks. On the fourth day, Beth tries a different tack. \"I lost my virginity... Can I have yours?\" The girl gasps, turns on her heel and walks away. Beth watches her leave. \"Never again.\" She mutters. On the fifth day, the girl speaks first. \"Please no more pick up lines.\" \"Okay. How about this. Dinner. You? Me? 8 o'clock?\" \"It's a date.\" \"Great. One more thing.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Does your watch have a second hand? Because-\" Beth is cut off with a kiss. \"I said no more pick up lines.\" \"Judging by the response, I should use them more often.\" The girl sees the time. \"I gotta go. I'll text you my address.\" \"Okay. See you tonight, Kate.\" ","Summary":" On the first day Beth saw her, she said, \"if I told you that you had a nice body, would you hold i"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"An Irish Love Story","Author":"Tangled4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8574367","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! This is the first one-shot in my Irish Love Story series. Hope you like it! Summary: Declan wasn't good at weddings. But what happens when it's his own? .o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. Wedding Day Jitters Declan breathed deeply and straightened his tie. Today was the day he'd been waiting for for the last 4 weeks. Today was his and Anna's wedding day. Declan could feel his hands growing slightly clammy as he put on his tux. He'd never been good at weddings. What if he messed up his own? Anna meant the world to him. If he spoiled their wedding day, he knew he would never forgive himself. He walked over to his chest of drawers and pulled out a small piece of paper with his vows written on it. He and Anna had decided to write their own vows, and he was quite afraid he'd end up forgetting his. It wasn't that he was getting cold feet, it was just that he couldn't shake the feeling that something was going to go wrong. Declan sighed, but then noticed something in the drawer the piece of paper had been in. Sitting in the drawer was a small black velvet pouch. Declan picked up the pouch and opened it, letting the small round coin fall into his hand. A smile spread across his face as he remembered the moment when he first saw that coin. Since then, that coin had become his lucky charm. After all, it helped pave his way to Anna. Declan slipped the coin into his pocket and smiled, knowing that he could do this. He walked out of his room and turned up at the church right on time. And when he saw Anna in her beautiful white gown and her bridal veil, any remaining doubts in his mind were gone. He was hers, and she was his, and they would love each other for eternity. And even though he briefly forgot his vows and spilt some wine on the hem of Anna's dress (which earned him an adorable laugh and a kiss from his new wife), and his 'classic' car broke down a good 10 minutes away from the hotel... it was the best day of his life. .o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. There we go! Hope you liked that. Please review! ;)[Chapter 2] Hello! This is the second story in my Leap Year series, hope you like it! Summary: Declan finds Anna sitting outside in the middle of the night. But what is she doing out there? .o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. His Treasure Anna sat outside on the front porch, wearing her dressing gown over her pyjamas, feeling the gentle cool breeze blow against her face. Actually, it was kind of cold and made her shiver, but she needed to get some fresh air. \"There you are!\" a familiar voice said from behind her. Anna turned and smiled at the handsome Irishman behind her. \"Hey, did I wake you?\" \"No, I woke up and noticed my wife missin' so I decided to look around for you,\" he replied. \"Mind if I join you?\" Anna smiled and shook her head. Declan sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. \"A little late to be sittin' out here lookin' pretty, isn't it?\" Declan joked. \"Oh, ha ha! Very funny!\" Anna replied sarcastically, playfully elbowing him in the side. Declan chuckled, before giving her a more serious look, \"Anna, love, why are you out here?\" \"I...\" Anna began, then sighed, \"I just needed some fresh air.\" \"Did you have a nightmare?\" Anna simply nodded. \"Would you like to talk about it?\" Anna nodded again, \"Remember when you asked me what I would save if my apartment caught fire and I only had 60 seconds to get out?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Well, I dreamt that the pub was on fire and we only had 60 seconds to get out. I got trapped in one of the rooms and I couldn't get out! I kept calling out 'Declan, help!' but there was no sign of you and I ended up passing out from the smoke.\" \"I'm sorry, love,\" Declan replied, holding her closer towards him. \"It's okay, but, Declan...\" Anna sighed. \"If our inn was on fire and we only had 60 seconds, what would you take?\" \"Why?\" \"It's just that, when I set off the fire alarm to test Jeremy, the first thing he did was run for the electronics,\" Anna explained. \"I guess I'm just curious what you'd take.\" \"Well, I'll tell you one thing,\" Declan replied. \"I definitely wouldn't race to grab the electronics! No, I'd grab somethin' much more valuable... My most prized possession, the one most important thing in my life, my treasure...\" \"What's that?\" Anna asked, slightly fearful of his reply. Declan slipped a hand under her chin, and tilted her head up slightly. He looked deep into her beautiful blue eyes and smiled, \"You.\" \"Really?\" \"Of course love,\" Declan replied in the crisp Irish accent she loved so much. \"I'd die without you!\" Anna smiled, and gazed deep into his eyes. Declan smiled back, before leaning in and placing a loving kiss on her lips. Declan rested his forehead against hers and whispered, \"I love you, Anna!\" \"I love you too, Declan!\" she whispered back. Declan placed a couple more soft kisses on her lips before asking, \"So, you ready to come back inside?\" Declan received a smile and a sleepy nod from the girl next to him, and scooped her up into his arms and carried her back to their room, but by the time he got there, Anna was fast asleep. .o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. Well, what do you think? Please review and let me know! ;)[Chapter 3] Hello again! Thank you to those who reviewed. Hope you enjoy this one-shot. Summary: Anna tries to figure out Declan's middle name. Can he keep it a secret? .o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. Middle Names A small smile crept onto Anna's face at the soft touch of her husband's lips on her cheek. Opening her eyes, she turned to look at him. \"Good morning, you.\" \"Mornin', Bob,\" Declan replied with a cheeky smile. \"Sweet dreams?\" \"Yeah... You?\" \"Yeah, but being with you is much sweeter,\" Declan smiled, nuzzling his face against her neck. \"Declan O'Callaghan, you stop that right n-\" the words died in her mouth as something suddenly dawned on her. \"Anna? You okay, love?\" Declan asked in a concerned voice. \"I just realised something,\" Anna stated. Declan raised an eyebrow at her, curious to see where this was going. \"Yeah? And what might that be?\" Anna answered him with a slightly evil grin, \"You never did tell me your middle name...\" Declan couldn't hold back a laugh, \"Alright then, I'll tell you...\" This time it was Anna who raised an eyebrow. Declan grinned wickedly at her, \"...if you can guess it.\" \"Very well,\" Anna replied as Declan climbed out of bed and walked into the bathroom to get dressed. After getting dressed and having breakfast with Declan, Anna headed straight for her laptop, earning her a smirk from Declan, before he made his way to the kitchen. For the next couple of hours, Anna searched through a website of Irish boys' names, and once she had found a few good ones, she made her way downstairs to question Declan. He was standing at the counter, talking to Donal, Joe and Seamus. \"Hey, love,\" Declan smiled at her, giving her a kiss. \"Figured it out yet?\" Anna pulled a small piece of paper out of her pocket, \"I've got some guesses.\" \"Well?\" Declan grinned. \"Is it... Eric?\" Declan made the sound of a quiz show buzzer, \"Wrong.\" \"What are you trying to guess?\" Donal asked. \"Declan's middle name,\" Anna replied. \"So,\" Declan smirked. \"What are your other attempts?\" \"Stanley?\" \"Nope.\" \"Lucas?\" \"Negative.\" \"Aidan?\" \"No.\" \"Thomas?\" \"Not even close.\" \"Wayne?\" Anna asked hopefully. Declan gave her a look, \"Tell me you're not serious.\" \"Don't worry. I'll get it eventually,\" Anna replied confidently. \"That's what you think,\" Declan mumbled, walking away. \"Psst, Anna,\" Seamus hissed, taking a sip of his beer. Anna leaned over the counter, \"Yes?\" \"Just a heads up... try looking for something starting with 'm',\" he whispered, placing his glass back on the counter. \"Thank you,\" Anna beamed, and gave him a quick peck on the cheek before walking off in the direction of her and Declan's room. Declan smiled as he watched her go, and walked back to the counter. \"I've said it once, but I'll say it again...\" Joe chuckled. \"You definitely got yourself a keeper, Dekko.\" \"I know,\" Declan replied proudly, before giving Seamus a playfully stern look. \"Which is why Seamus had better not get any ideas.\" \"And why would I?\" Seamus replied, an equal playfulness in his voice. \"I know firsthand what Anna's kiss can do to you,\" Declan smiled, showing off the gold wedding band on his finger. Meanwhile, Anna sat on her bed, going through the 'm' section of another website on baby names with a fine tooth comb. She was still thinking about it when she and Declan settled in for the night. \"So, did you figure it out?\" Declan asked. \"Is it Matthew?\" \"Nope,\" Declan replied, popping the 'p' sound. \"How about Michael?\" \"Sorry. Wrong again, love.\" \"In that case, no,\" Anna replied. \"Ha! I win!\" Declan laughed. \"I guess you do,\" Anna sighed and rolled on her side, facing away from him. Declan chuckled, before leaning close to his wife's ear and whispering one small word, \"Martin.\" Anna rolled over to face him and gave him a confused look, \"What?\" \"My middle name. It's Martin,\" Declan replied, pulling her into his arms. Anna closed her eyes and smiled, \"It's nice.\" Declan smiled as Anna nuzzled her head against his chest, \"Glad you think so.\" Anna replied with a sleepy yawn. Declan chuckled softly, and wrapped the duvet around his lover, before letting her rest her head on his chest. \"Sweet dreams, Anna. I love you.\" \"I love you too, Declan Martin O'Callaghan,\" Anna whispered, before they fell asleep in each other's arms. .o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o. There we go! Please review and let me know what you think! ","Summary":" Hello! This is the first one-shot in my Irish Love Story series. Hope you like it! Summary: Declan "},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Stella Allsburg Will Lose Her Pants","Author":"franciscoaddae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11074127","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In Cleveland, Ohio,four girls and two boys studies in Case Western Reserve University,the girls and boys are named:Helen Franklin, April Williams, Miranda Washington, Charlotte Kasinski, Oliver Peterson and Hubert Henderson, their classmate is June Thomas, a clumsy punk girl and Stella Allsburg, a orange-haired girl who wears denim clothes (a dress and a pair of jeans below). Stella greeted the four girls during a lab class,and said: \"Helen,my dream is become a cheerleader\" and Helen says:\"Oh,cool\",After some days,Helen,June,April,Miranda,Charlotte,Oliver and Hubert end up in detention, Helen sees Stella greeting some girls and realizes she and her friends are manipulated,and decides to get a plan: steal Stella's precious pants. When their video is almost ready,they make Stella come to the park and look a beehive in a tree,Hubert puts his camera in a cutted tree,and June hits the beehive with a stick and it fall out at Stella's head and she screams and runs away leaving her pants behind, at home,they see the video which features Stella being attacked by some bees leaving her pants behind, Stella sees the whole town who liked the video. \"I can't believe it,the whole town has videos of me leaving my pants behind?!\" Stella goes to her house embarassed being exposed in panties with her dress lifted. The Next Day, Stella sees Helen and her friends removing their pants to show a portrait of her in their panties,confused,she said: \"Everyone,what are you doing?\" Stella said. \"removing our pants down to reveal our panties with potraits of yourself,Stella\" June said. Ashamed, Stella sees her pants in her locker and retrieves it, Oliver appears and pulls his pants down to reveal a tattoo of Stella being attacked by some bees and her pants,Stella realizes she is on a denim hall,and her classmates dressed as bees,who decides to chase her around the Hall. After a nightmare,Stella is awaken by Helen,saying it was all a prank,the next day,Helen,Stella and their friends goes to the university. ","Summary":" In Cleveland, Ohio,four girls and two boys studies in Case Western Reserve University,the girls and"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"The Tuckers","Author":"that-silver-ring","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4732550","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: Hey so this is my interpretation of the relationship between John and his brother Scott. By the way I do not own them they are characters of the movie John Tucker Must Die . This is my first attempt at stuff other then things Twilight related so help me by telling me what you think :)!??! Oh and by the way in my mind the two brothers are twins, but of course not identical. (And when Scoot says that John is his older brother I kind of took that as that John was born first.) Oh and I tried to tie in stuff from their conversations that are in the movie. Oh by the way Johns parts are in italics and Scott's are not. ~That Silver Ring~ The Tuckers (This is a conversation between John and Scott after John first meets Kate. But Scott already knows that he himself likes her. John has just arrived at their car, where Scott is waiting, to drive him and Scott home after school, there was no B-Ball today.) \"Oh My God Dude, you will not believe the girl I met today!?\" \"What another preppy, blond, dumb, rich, girl?\" \"Well she's blond but not really that preppy or dumb.\" \"Wow, take a step back John Tucker has met a girl out of his normal standards!\" Scott shouts (They are both getting in to the car at this point) \" Shut up Scotty, at least I get girls; when was the last time you even spoke to a girl you were remotely interested in?\" \"Today as a matter of fact. But back to your new phenomenon; what's her name?\" \"Kate, and she's a new cheerleader\" \"Wait, so she is your normal type, see that doesn't even count man. But I think I might know who you're talking about. Is she kind of short, and skinny and smart?\" \"Yeah. But how would you know her?\" \"I think she's in my Chem. class, I'm lab partners with a short, skinny, blond, cheerleading, Kate.\" \"Dude, you so will have to put in a good word for me. That chick's HOT.\" \"I don't know man she's not really your type. \" \"What do you mean, GIRL is my type!?\" \"Yeah I think everyone know that, but this ones deep. As in not like others; she likes thing like retro music, and knows things I mean, she's in my class. What does that say to you about her IQ? I would take it to mean that it's way above yours\" \"Ouch man that burns!\" \"I just don't think you should try, I mean from what I've got from her she is far from your normal type and I bet she isn't in to you.\" \"Fine what ever. But I'm up for the challenge!!\" xxXxx (This is the conversation between the two brothers when John is about to drive Kate home after the bonfire, and he is telling Scotty so.) \"Hey Scotty, look man I know I drove you here and all but I'm about to leave and I'm driving Kate too soo\" \"Yeah I get it you want the car to yourselfbut honestly dude I still don't think she's that into you.\" \"You know what bro, I don't know what planet you were born on but she does, and we had a totally kick ass time tonight.\" \"I told you man she's not like other girls she won't fall for your normal \"smooth\" antics.\" \"That's why I kind of took that CD you were looking for earlier\" \"You're the one that took my Elvis Costello CD! You could have just told me this morning when I needed it!?\" \"I know, I know but I thought Kate would like itlike you said she likes retro music. And so do you, so I took your favorite, thinking that she might just like it too\" \"You know what I don't even care at this point. Have a good trip home, I'll find my own ride!?\" xxXxx (This is John's birthday party day and it's the conversation that John finally finds out that Scott like Kate. They are eating breakfast in their kitchen at home. Oh and Scott has already found out about the whole thing with Kate and the girls to crush John.) \"Hey little bro you coming to my party tonight?\" \"Always do, and by the way you were only born like what 2 minutes before me so I don't think that, that title fits.\" \"Whatever so you are coming? Oh and Kate's coming so you'll have at least one person there that you know.\" \"Ha ha very funny. You know that even though I don't hang out with you doesn't mean that I don't know the people that we go to school with. I mean I even knew Kate first.\" \"Yeah but she's me girlfriend!\" \".\" \"What no smart ass response back to that?!\" \"No, because your rightfor once in your life.\"(The last part is hissed under his breath but John still hears it) \"Don't seem to down bro I mean its not like you liked her or anything. And even if you did she would have so picked the infamous John Tucker over you, \"The Other Tucker\" hahahahah.\" \"How do you know that? I mean I know for a fact that she likes me more than you anyway.\" \"What the hells that supposed to mean?\" \"Never mind, just trust me as soon as she's done with you I'll have her for myself\" \"Are you telling me that you like my girl?' \"Oh so know all of a sudden you have a rule over her? And yeah what if I do like her?' \"You know what man that little thing you have for Kate better end and soon because you will never get her. And I know that she does like me! So don't even try to pull that smart reverse psychology shit on me. You're just pathetic in thinking that you could ever get Kate for yourself; anyways lets see who comes out on top tonight!?\" (hahah little does Johnny know that actually Scott does haha) A/n: I know that this was short and all but I thought I would try to express my feelings on the Tucker-Brother relationship that was behind the scenes. And it was just kind of a thing to help with my typing and dialogue, both really need help hahah. Well tell me what you think and this might get added to, maybe, I don't know all depends on if next time I see the movie if I'm inspired or not haha. Review please!?!? ","Summary":" A/n: Hey so this is my interpretation of the relationship between John and his brother Scott. By th"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"The Beach","Author":"sky007999","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5532507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My new favorite film EVER! I just couldn't resist doing a small one shot =] adventures of Ali and Ellie are coming along, but schools just been really hectic, I'M IN D OF E!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Soooooo . . . . Enjoy! Music  I want you to want me  cheap trick Disclaimer - I own nothing! =] enjoy! Scotts POV Sitting across from the fire, I see Kate, the girl I was in the middle of asking out, laughing at my brother John Tucker, who interrupted, basted. It should be me over there. I can't believe she even said yes to him. One of the first things she said to me when we met was that she thought my brother was a jerk, and was totally not her type. He new what a player he is, and still she sits with him across the fire from me, with him. Don't get me wrong, I love my bro . . . in a non-gay way. But he is practically dating every girl in school, why did he have to want her? Why couldn't he let me get the girl for once? I saw them get up and Kate say rather loudly \"I have to pee! . . .\" Although I was angry, I couldn't help but smile. John bent down, whispered something to her, and she rushed off. Without thinking, I got up and ran after Kate. I grabbed her by the arm and she turned, surprised, to look at me. Her big blue eyes faltered my anger for a second, but only a second. \"Why are you out with him, huh? You know what a player he is and how he manipulates girls to get them to go out with him, and yet your still here!\" I practically shout at her. \"I-I-\" \"You what Kate? You thought he was different ? Thought he was the one ? Because if you think that, you're not the girl I met only a couple of months ago. The one who said, that jerk wasn't your type. Tell ya what, you've changed, and not for the better.\" \"Scott, let me explain-\" \"What is there to explain, he is dating the entire school, and now you've also been added to his collection.\" \"Collection of what?!?\" she shouted. The entire beach was now watching our fight \"SLUTS! All those girls out there know what he's like, and still they line up to date him. So, yeah, that is my definition of a slut, and you are now one of them!\" \"That's not fair! I have a perfectly good explanation, but I can't say here !\" Suddenly, I felt a tap on my sholder, I turned round to face my brother. \"What's going on bro?\" he asked \" . . . nothing, Kate and I were just chatting. See ya Kate; don't expect me to be your partner on Monday.\" With that, I stalked off, making my way home, leaving the whispers, and shouts from my brother to come back, behind me. ","Summary":" My new favorite film EVER! I just couldn't resist doing a small one shot =] adventures of Ali and E"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Fire","Author":"darkswanqueenredybeautysw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7545714","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tonight, there was no Carrie. There was no Heather, Lori, or John. Tonight, it was only the two of them. She's so warm ... It was one of the only things running through Beth's mind as she trailed kisses down Kate's neck. Beneath her lips, Beth could feel the rushing of her blood, the warmth of her skin. It was the first night that they had gotten to be alone together. Usually, Heather and Carrie would be with them, or Kate's mom would be home. But no. It was just the two of them tonight. No conversations on boys, and definitely no talk of John Tucker tonight. Tonight, they only belonged to each other. \"You're so warm...\" Kate breathed, wrapping her arms around Beth's neck. It's funny how people in love could do that; read each others minds. \"Shh...\" Beth whispered, backing her up against a wall. Her fingers ran across Kate's soft stomach; causing Kate's skin to heat up. After all, fire on fire, created more fire. Beths' lips traveled back up to Kate's, and she stood there for a moment, teasing her. Only when Kate whimpered did Beth grin wickedly, giving in to her. Their lips met, and a flush crawled over both of their cheeks. More fire. Kate's hands traveled down to the bottom of Beth's tank top. Beth pulled away slightly. \"Kate...no.\" She sighed, taking Kate's hands and pulling them away from her shirt. Kate looked at her, confused and hurt. \"It's not that I don't want to...\" She breathed, trying to catch her breath. \"I do. But...\" She ran a hand through Kate's light curls, smiling at her affectionatly. \"I've ruined so many chances doing that...i've lost so many relationships. And I don't...I don't want to lose you.\" She admited, biting down on her bottom lip. Kate averted her gaze, closing her eyes. \"Let's just...make out. Or cuddle. Or both.\" Beth suggested, lifting Kate's head up by her chin. \"But...it's just the two of us for once.\" Kate pointed out, sitting down on her bed. Beth sat beside her, wrapping her arms around her. \"I know. And believe me...I want to. Soon, but not yet. I promise.\" She swore, cupping Kate's face with her hands. She gave her a light kiss, causing a grin to spread over the blonde's lips. ","Summary":" Tonight, there was no Carrie. There was no Heather, Lori, or John. Tonight, it was only the two of "},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Mystery Girl","Author":"theatrics","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4717881","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is my first of many Beth/Kate stories! Like my girl wonderfully put: they are simply amazing together! I cannot wait to write them again! I had so, so much fun with this. Beth is such an amazing character; she's so in-depth. :) Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy this. I swear to conjure up more fluff in the very near future! In fact, I've got plenty of Beth/Kate love to share with the world, as does my Tracy! This is for my beautiful baby girl, as it always is. She helped me so, so much with this one-shot, and she'll always be my inspiration. I love you so much, Tracy! Twelve days!! Beth had always felt as though something were missing. The throngs of guys that she shamefully threw herself at were nothing to her. They numbed a pain that would always be raw exposed . She knew that it was disgraceful, that she was disgusting, but she had never truly been taught how to present herself properly and respectfully. If truth be told, all of Beth's sense of worth and self-perception had been brutally stripped from her at a young age. Her uncle had lived with them for a few years, from when she was about six to nine. Beth had never liked him. He was creepy; he gave her uncomfortable, revolting vibes. Every time he was near, all she wanted to do was go and take a shower to cleanse herself of the sinister feeling, to escape that haunting, dark gaze in his eyes. It was hollow, and it made her skin crawl with what felt like unseen, invasive insects. She shuddered in his presence, and yet she never bothered to place her finger on exactly why. She was too frightened to; she was too disturbed to. So, she didn't. And she moved on. -- At fifteen, she slept with someone (namely, an eighteen-year-old, college boy) for the first time. She hadn't wanted to, but he wasn't having it. \"Come on,\" He had said, his breath stinking and heavy with alcohol. Beth had to turn her head to keep herself from gagging at the awful stench. \"I'm not in the mood,\" She had growled, now only half-dressed as she shrugged her left bra strap back onto her shoulder. \"No,\" He had hissed as he urged her back down slightly with the palm of his hand. \"I just don't really feel like\" She had been cut off by him rudely shoving his lips against hers, sending arrays of discontentment throughout her body. Beth felt like she was spinning upside down, ready to throw up at any given moment from the pounding feeling of displeasure in her stomach and head. She let him do what he pleased with her that night, and she absolutely hated it. Beth had felt dirty and used. She had felt like a slave to herself. However, she also felt as though she had discovered a skill, a purpose, nearly. She was finally useful in some department. Where she wasn't intelligent, where she wasn't skilled in the arts, where she wasn't socially capable: she was wanted, if only for a couple of minutes. Suddenly, she had a way to prove her worth, and she became obsessed with it. -- Even before fifteen, Beth had unremitting dwindling realizations that she had no interests in boys whatsoever. She had no appreciation for anything about them. They were hideous to her, revolting, worthless, and immeasurably unappealing. She wasn't a slut because she was interested in the hordes of boys out to sleep with her. She was a slut because she had no choice, because she had no idea how to say no or how to stand up for herself. That was how she became an animal rights activist at such a young age. She construed that if she couldn't stand up for herself, then, at the very least, she could speak for those whom had no voices at all. Then, perhaps, she wouldn't feel as though she had truly let herself down, that her self-respect hadn't diminished to a few grains of acrid salt. After all, she had never been attracted to boys. She was attracted to the concept of being genuinely wanted. But, most certainly not boys . -- She wasn't just a vegan because she cared for animals. The thought of meat repulsed her. The idea of slaughtering an innocent creature, frying it, and then consuming it selfishly made her physically ill and extraordinarily livid and irritably perplexed. It was hypocritical of people, she had explained to many a naysayer, her fists clenched at her sides, to kill and eat living creatures, and then claim righteousnessparticularly when such an act was performed everyday on a psychological stance with human beings themselves. Man ate man, not literally, but emotionally and mentally. Society itself was cannibalistic in the sense that it pit one person again another, that it encouraged crushing and side-stepping the weak to get where one wanted to go. Beth was utterly appalled. No one understood: animal rights, human rightsin her eyes, they were one in the same. Always esteemed, yet never completely reinforced. If people ever really wanted to do any good, they would start by learning to be a little bit more selfless. Then again, Beth couldn't have found herself anymore hypocritical. She was a vegan because she cared, not because she necessarily always practiced what she preached. -- By ninth grade, she had been boorishly labeled \"Bisexual Beth.\" She had experimented with girls and boys alike, however the latter faded into virtual oblivion. Nasty rumors were spread; however, for some, odd reason, she was hardly ostracized. Her fellow activist friends couldn't care less. As for others, though, they pick and chose. That is to say, they ignored it. It was strange, Beth decided one day, as she walked through the hall during her junior year, entirely disregarded as others bustled about, talking about nothing in particular. No one stared. No one bothered. She was just \"Bisexual Beth,\" after all; she wasn't hurting anyone. But, she wasn't that coarse moniker. As her eyes fell on a certain, cuteno, beautiful ,blue-eyed blonde across the way, scrambling not to drop her arms full of books, she felt mesmerized and enlightened. That girl was gorgeous. Beth felt a cool, yet wonderful shiver inch its way up her spine as she stood, her fingers wrapped daintily around the side of her plain, spiral notebooks that rested snuggly in her arms. That was what she wanted; that was what she needed. -- Beth was ashamed to say that she forgot that face, as well as that fateful moment in the hallway. That is, until that one day in gym class. There she was, unnoticed and unforgiving, all the same, prepping herself for their forced game of dodge ball. Beth told herself not to stare and easily convinced others of her intentions by giving off the impression of being thoroughly prepared for their gym class activity. She wasn't thinking about any of her previous one night stands, any of her flings; she wasn't even thinking about John Tucker, the whole reason that she had lost all remaining self-respect for herself in the first place. Beth was trying to put a name with a face. Her name. That was about when Heather, the head cheerleader, decided to pick a fight with Carrie, the essential valedictorian. Beth hadn't been paying attention; she had been too distracted by that blonde. However, as soon as the fray intensified, Beth yanked herself from her thoughts and shoved herself between the other two. She knew that fighting over John Tucker was pointless. She didn't care. He was meaningless to hera title or a 'claim to fame.' But, nothing worth fighting over. Nevertheless, Beth fought with Heather and Carrie, violently swinging the bag of volleyballs toward Heather, Carrie, and the coach, but never at that nameless blonde. She wasn't involved, nor should she be. Beth made a point to avoid her. She had a better purpose than that. Once the fight was over, however, Beth, unlike Carrie and Heather, couldn't necessarily feign anger. In a rush of emotion, Beth furrowed her eyebrows and surprisingly irritably exclaimed: \"Who is that?\" Beth found herself astonished that the words had been uttered aloud. Never had she considered that her innermost thoughts could ever possibly be materialized into a more tangible reality. The concept alarmed her. All the same, she pushed herself up, and then promptly exited the gym. That was when she realized: she had detention with Mystery Girl . Suddenly, she felt very excitedthrilled, even. Perhaps finally she would piece the puzzle together, and that day in the hallway would all make sense. She couldn't deny the somewhat awkward and positively superfluous butterflies in her stomach for the beautiful stranger. -- The day dragged on, it seemed. Beth realized that she hadn't concentrated on anything and was a little embarrassed by it. This unfamiliar person this girl had completely overtaken her thoughts, and even Beth was a bit disturbed by it. As she entered the place where detention was held, she walked slowly, at first. Her fingers creased along the edges of her books as she made her entrance. Initially, she received no reaction from either of the two girls that were already sitting there (Mystery Girl and Carrie); however, as she slid her chair back and carelessly plopped into it. Her eyes met briefly with Mystery Girl's, and Beth had to keep herself from shuddering. That intense, fixed, blue gaze all but killed her. She was forced to bite her lip and look away. -- Five minutes had passed, and then Heather arrived. Instantly, and thankfully, the talking began. Heather, Carrie, and Beth bickered about John Tucker, no doubt, as that was their only connection. However, Beth remained painfully aware of Mystery Girl's occasional upward glance in their direction. It was difficult to ignore. \"Shut up.\" Beth's head turned. Had Mystery Girl really just spoken, again? Naturally, Beth and the other two provoked her to speak. If she had something to say, then she should certainly say it. When Mystery Girl did speak, though, Beth found herself immediately captivated. Her voice was soft and timid, yet infinitely sweet. It was perfectly feminine, perfectly fluid, and perfectlywell, everything . \"I know!\" Beth's voice was ahead of herself, as she had clearly not expected to speak so suddenly after Heather had queried just who this girl was. \"You're that girl that wigged out last year and got sent to rehab!\" Of course she isn't , Beth mentally cursed, angry at her own stupidity. Pretending to know this girl was low, even for herself. \"No, I\" Mystery Girl had begun to speak, but Beth couldn't help herself again and, thus, shamelessly interrupted. \"Then you got taken away for bulimia.\" Strike two , Beth sighed inwardly, suddenly feeling hopeless. Why couldn't she control herself? She just felt so flustered and frustrated; the accusations were simply spilling from her mouth like irrepressible word vomit . \"No.\" Mystery Girl was beginning to sound a bit offended now, causing Beth to reel with annoyance at her own reckless mouth. \"Fat camp?\" Damn it! Beth bit her lip and kept herself from slamming her balled fist against the back of the chair in disgust at herself. She needed to stop, but she couldn't. The words just kept pouring from her mouth. How difficult was it for Beth to simply ask for a name? \"No. My name is\" That was when the teacher in charge of detention that afternoon stepped in and interrupted Beth's shrouded Mystery Girl. To say that she was upset was an understatement entirely. She felt hatred rise up in her cheeks and render them red with irritation each time that Mystery Girl tried to speak her name but was chastised by that oaf of a teacher. Pressing her lips together, Beth locked her gaze with Mystery Girl's somewhat desperately, her green eyes searching, silently expressing their longing for her name. If only she knew, perhaps then she wouldn't feel so messed up, so strange, practically obsessing and lusting after a stranger. But, it wasn't an obsession; and, for once in her life, it wasn't lust. Her face felt hot with embarrassment. Her legs felt weak. Her stomach felt subdued with odd sensations of butterflies. Yet, they had never even spoken. Beth wasn't sure what to do with her. So, she turned her back and hoped that the moment wasn't entirely spoiled. -- At the end of detention, Beth hurriedly pushed herself up, absentmindedly grasping and reaching for her scattered and unused textbooks. She had debated with herself the entire time, in silence, just what she was going to do, if she should pursue the precious blonde's name anymore, and she had, unfortunately, come to the conclusion that there was no need. It was pointless. They were strangers. Beth had no business bothering her, after all. \"Hi,\" came the small, uncertain voice from behind Beth. Instantly, Beth whipped around, only to see her Mystery Girl standing there, nervously clutching her books in her arms again. Beth's entire body quickly began to grow weak. \"Hey,\" Beth breathed coolly, a tiny grin surfacing. \"I'm Kate by the way,\" The blonde concluded, her eyes bright as she timidly rocked on her feet slightly. Beth's heart lurched and fluttered, and she tensely tugged at her own bottom lip with her teeth. \"Beth,\" Beth added, after a moment, after she had regained her breath, after she had finally come to terms with the fact that her Mystery Girl was a mystery no longer. \"I'm Beth.\" \"It's nice to meet you, Beth,\" Kate offered kindly, that angelic smile of hers knocking the oxygen directly out of Beth's lungs as she tried to sustain her consciousness. \"Yeah,\" Beth decided, following a moment of hesitation. \"It really is nice to finally meet you.\" \"What?\" Kate both looked and sounded perplexed, and she portrayed such to an even higher plane by a cute and subtle tilt of her head, as well. Clumsily catching herself, Beth stuttered, her eyelashes fluttering in mild embarrassment. \"I-I mean, you know, from earlier,\" She chuckled, regaining her composure like the pro she esteemed herself to be. \"The teacher.\" Beth finished with a vain flick of her wrist. \"Oh,\" Kate looked thoughtful, her lips turning upward into a smile. \"Yeah. You're right,\" She managed a little gigglea gesture that sent Beth's heartbeat into the fast lane. \"Well,\" Beth swallowed the lump that was building in her throat. \"I'll see you around Kate?\" She faked idiocy, if only to hear a more extended reply from the other girl. \"Yeah Beth,\" Kate replied, awkwardly, yet sweetly. \"I'd like that.\" \"'Bye,\" Beth waved a few of her fingers in a slight wave before smiling and turning away. Beth felt satisfied and warm, especially under the bright smile offered to her from her precious No-Longer-A-Mystery Mystery Girl from behind as she reluctantly made her leave. Something had been filled with just one conversation, one chance meeting. Suddenly, she didn't feel as though she were simply missingor lackingsomething anymore. All those times of feeling like she wasn't doing the right thing, that she wasn't always in the right place at the right time, that she wasn't living up to her true self, they felt insignificant. Kate reminded her of someone, a part of Beth that had been lost in all of the confusion of the past few years. Though she knew virtually nothing about the other girl, she could sense and see a sentiment of naivety, elegance, and bottled-up pride about her. Kate was herself, and that was all she could be. She was a nobody, but not necessarily the 'nobody' that society frowned upon. Kate was the one the simple, yet complex girl that Beth had always thought she could and should bethe type of girl that she had always admired . Beth felt as though she was in complete ecstasy, for the first time in what seemed like years, all because of her beautiful and sweet Mystery Girlall because of Kate . ","Summary":" Here is my first of many Beth/Kate stories! Like my girl wonderfully put: they are simply amazing t"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Dancing Drama","Author":"rdjpotterlock","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5624581","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dancing Drama Prologue Kate's P.O.V The smell of cocktails and perfume were mingling in the air. The vibration of music was thumping under me. I was wearing a micro-mini skirt over my size-8 waist with neon pink leggings, a lacy black top and strappy platform heels. A tall guy with broad shoulders was dancing beside me; I knew he was into me because he was trying to get closer to my lips. I loved this lifestyle, I didn't want to go home but I know I had to. That thought brought me back me down to earth. I knew Scott would be watching me home. I walked out to the warm California air. As I was quite drunk, I couldn't call a taxi so I just about staggered home. Chapter 1- Jealousy Scott's P.O.V I was getting worried. Kate said she was going shopping with some friends but unless they bought the whole shopping centre there was something up. All of a sudden, a girl with shoes in her hand walked in, looking very drunk. I was disgusted. I turned away because I couldn't look at her; she was staggering all over the place. She only drinks with men; now I was REALLY suspicious. \"Where were you? What happened? Why are you drunk?\" I shouted. All she said was \"Leave me alone, Scott. Not another lecture.\" She collapsed into bed. I slept on the sofa. Author's Footnote- Hi everybody!! I hope you're enjoying the story. I know the chapters are quite short but it is only my first fanfic so the chapters will get longer as I go on!!!! Chapter 2- Guilt Kate's P.O.V I woke up the next morning with a throbbing headache. I knew I was having a hangover but all I could think about was last night when I came home. Scott was shouting questions at me but I couldn't answer them, I was too tired and drunk. I think he was slightly suspicious because I was out for a really long time and I told him I was only going shopping. I turned around in the bed, he wasn't there. All of a sudden, the inviting smell of bacon and eggs wafted though the open door. Scott was holding a tray with bacon, eggs, orange juice and fruit. There was a note beside the glass of orange juice saying 'I'm sorryplease forgive me. I love you. Xxx' Scott smiled at me. \"Don't worry, all's forgiven and forgotten, honey.\" I said. I felt so guilty. Scott thought it was his fault when really, it was mine, but that still didn't stop me from getting ready that night to go to the club again. I knew I shouldn't but it was like an addiction. I just couldn't help myself. Chapter 3- Disappointment Scott's P.O.V All this lying has gone too far. I know Kate is lying to me because she is staying out too long; she is drunk every time she comes home and she always has a hangover the next morning. \"I'm going to follow her to the so-called 'shopping centre' tonight.\" I thought that morning. She wore her raciest clothes and headed out the door. I waited until she was out at the end of the road, then I started walking after her. She was walking the wrong way to go to the shopping centre, so I knew that she was lying to me anyway, but where she was going I had no idea. She walked all the way to Neon nightclub. She paid the bouncer and strolled in like there was nothing wrong. I felt sick to the stomach. I know nightclubs are OK to be in, but this one is particularly disgusting because something terrible had happened to me in there. I got into a drunken fight at the nightclub and was paralysed from the waist down for four months. Kate used to love the place but we decided that as long as we were together, we would never go into that nightclub again. I sprinted home, tears stinging my eyes. She broke my promise and lied to me. I decided just to go to bed and confront her in the morning but I couldn't sleep. I was just too disappointed in her. Author's Footnote: I know I keep disturbing the story but I just have to make sure you are enjoying the story! Anyway, I know Kate is going through a hard time, but she soon realises she is happy for him. Please review!! Chapter 4- Confrontation Kate's P.O.V I came home from Neon at five o clock in the morning and fell in the door. All of a sudden, the lamp turned on and Scott's armchair swung around. \"Feels like one of those romantic comedy movies,\" I thought. \"Where have you been???\" he said calmly. \"Um-uh....nowhere...\" I stuttered. \"Neon nightclub, perhaps?\" he asked. \"How did you know?\" I asked. He said that he followed me to Neon and that he saw me going in. Scott started shouting at me. He started to hit me and throw things. He dumped me and threw me out along with my clothes. I'm now here, 18 months later, with a new boyfriend. I'm moving in next week after 2 months. I don't go to Neon anymore, there are too many bad memories but I have to move on. Scott has got a new girlfriend, or should I say, fiance. They sent me an invitation to the wedding and I'm going to go becuse I'm happy for him. I know now that if you make a promise, you must keep it. Author's Footnote: I hope you enjoyed the story. Please review the story because I need to know where I need to improve on.......luv yas all =) ","Summary":" Dancing Drama Prologue Kate's P.O.V The smell of cocktails and perfume were mingling in the air. Th"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Serendipity","Author":"writergirl2003","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4911419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, so this is the beginning of a new story. It will probably have... four parts, I want to say. Each part is a different part of the relationship between Kate and Beth. This is the first... and each chapter will build off the last. I decided to do something with the whole Spelling Bee thing at the beginning of the movie. This is what I came up with. This story is for my lovely lady. Always and always. I L-O-V-E you! A-w-k-w-a-r-d Awkward  adjective. Embarrassing or inconvenient; caused by lack of social grace: an awkward moment. It only seemed natural that their first meeting was an awkward one. Kate had never been anything if not clumsy and lacking in social grace. There was a reason she'd had more imaginary friends than real ones as a child, after all. At her past schools (all 7 of them) she had managed to blend in without much effort. No one had ever thought to take notice of her. She was the quiet blonde observer in the back of the auditorium, the timid student that sat in the front of the class and knew all the answers, but was never called on. The students didn't know her name, the teachers forgot her name, and she had grown accustomed to being called \"Hey, you.\" When Kate had arrived at Forest Hills, she had expected it to be the same as the other schools. She would glide by under the radar, and stay just as long as her mother could avoid another major heartbreak. She had been through it a dozen times, and knew the routine. It wasn't that she didn't try to make friends. She did her best to awkwardly edge in between groups of friends at the lunch table, and even threw out a joke or two that no one ever seemed to find funny. It could never be said that her loneliness wasn't from a lack of trying. When Coach Claypoole had suffered her Acute Angina in the hallway, it began a chain of events that no one could have foreseen. The joining of the girls' gym classes was merely a coincidence, and mention of a certain boy's name was little more than accident, she was sure. When the fight that consisted of volleyballs being hurled at each girl's head began, Kate had tried to stay invisible. It was what she was best at. However, upon realizing that the three girls were arguing over the same cheating boy, she began to feel discontent nagging at the pit of her stomach. However, as soon as one of the volleyballs came flying towards her, hitting her hard in the face and knocking her to the floor of the gym, she couldn't help but to get involved. Somehow, she became intricately intertwined in the feud, and after being knocked to the floor several more times, she'd had enough. \"This guy is cheating on all of you, and instead of taking it out on him, you're beating the shit out of each other?!\" Her words had come out as a cry of desperation. She saw enough self-deprecation at home, concerning her mother and the Skips. She couldn't stand to see it happen to three confident, cool girls at school. It had honestly been the only reason she'd interjected. However, when her cry and their fight landed the four of them into detention together, she tried to distance herself. She didn't want to get involved. There were many things she would have liked to get involved in at her school, but a cat-fight between three scorned women was not one of them. However, she simply couldn't resist. Listening to their conversation from the table across the library, she had no choice but to intervene. And then, suddenly, their eyes were on her. She wasn't sure how to deal with the sudden and unfamiliar attention from others. So, she did what she did best when she was under examination. She talked. But by that point, it didn't matter; she had their attention. More specifically, she had the attention of one dark-haired, green-eyed girl. A girl with painted pink lips, narrowed eyes, and dimples that pressed deep into her cheeks. Almost immediately, she was drawn to her. There was something about the way she carried herself, and the confidence she had. In that library, she could feel Beth's gaze upon her, and when she raised her eyes to meet it, she felt a warm flush creep into her cheeks. When Beth had shown up at Kate's house later that evening to plot John Tucker's demise, she felt that same warm, flushed feeling. So she studied the other girl, and tried to adopt her cool, collected behavior. She studied the way Beth's hips moved when she walked, and the way she idly brushed her fingers over the strands of dark hair that fell to her shoulders. She didn't want to be Beth; she simply wanted to be around her. The other girl filled her with a strange ache in the lower part of her stomach, and if she had been awkward before, it was suddenly multiplied by one hundred now. She found it even more difficult to speak around her, and often tripped over things in her way. Beth never seemed to notice. She would smile as Kate stuttered, her dark eyes glittering with adoration for the girl who never seemed to find the right words, and Kate felt herself beginning to falter. Those sparkling green eyes, devilish smile, and deep dimples did something to Kate. They made her doubt everything she had ever known, and caused her whole awkward world to come crashing down around her. ","Summary":" Okay, so this is the beginning of a new story. It will probably have... four parts, I want to say. "},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Memento","Author":"Stessa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5812029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MEMENTO A Beth and Kate oneshot written by Stessa  \"CARRIE!\" So it wasn't exactly like Kate wanted it to be (she sort of hadn't expected to shout out her friend's name in desperation. She'd thought she would be more... subtle about it), but it was the way it had to be. She certainly couldn't take it back now. Every head in the hallway had turned in her direction, which wouldn't have been unusual for her just a couple of months ago, but now  after the entire thing with John Tucker had calmed down  it was pretty weird. Plus, she didn't really want them to pay attention to her; she just wanted a moment in privacy to talk to one of her best friends. It was sort of weird to think of Carrie that way (and Heather and Beth for that matter), because she'd never really had that many friends; she's always been the odd one out, the loner. But now she knew these three amazing girls who in the beginning might have only wanted to know her for their own evil purposes, but now actually seemed to like her for who she was. Simply just Kate. Carrie offered her an understanding smile as she turned around in her tracks; she was heading towards the editing room where she still spent a lot of time, but she always had time to talk to one of her three best friends, Kate knew that. As Kate caught up with the other blonde, Carrie grabbed her by the arm and pulled her through the doors to the classroom they were coincidentally passing by. When they were inside, she smacked the door close behind them and leaned herself against the door handle. She breathed out. \"What?\" Kate blinked a few times, not quite sure what had just happened, because it all flew by her so quickly. \"Ka-ate?\" Carrie said, pronouncing her name very carefully, as if she was talking to some retard, \"Hel-lo? You there?\" Kate made a face. \"I... wanted to talk to you about something?\" she finally got out, a smile playing in the right corner of her lips. It wasn't even intentionally, because what she wanted to talk to Carrie about was rather important, and only for Carrie's ears so far. That was why they had to do it during school hours, otherwise either Heather or Beth would be there, and this was to be between her and Carrie (at least for now). Carrie looked relieved to discover that she actually hadn't lost the ability to talk. \"Oh. Now? You need to talk to me right now?\" Kate nodded. \"I do. It's important, and I feel like I can only talk to you about this.\" She must have looked rather serious, because Carrie immediately looked worried; she got that certain look in her eyes, and Kate was happy that she would feel that way for her, so concerned, but she also wanted to reassure her. But before she could do so, Carrie spoke, in that fast-mannered way that only she could. \"What is it? Are you in trouble? Are you moving again? Did your mother meet another Skip? Are you  are you in love? Oh no! Don't tell me! You've fallen for John!\" When she was done speaking after firing that last far-off comment off, Kate couldn't help but laugh. \"Don't laugh at me!\" Carrie ordered, \"Kate! It's not funny, don't laugh!\" Kate had to calm herself down severely before she could even speak again. \"Seriously Carrie, really? How can you even think that I'd fall for John Tucker!\" Carrie shrugged her shoulders. \"Well, you were about to when we were making him fall for you .\" \"Don't worry about it.\" Kate reassured her. Of course it was something in that area, but John Tucker was very far out of the picture. \"It's actually... something like that, though not quite that.\" For a second there, it seemed to Kate that Carrie actually knew what she was talking about, because she got this understanding look across her face, but it only lasted for a short while, and then the taller blonde had placed a hand on her shoulder. \"You know you can talk to me about anything, Kate.\" Kate knew that. She knew that out of any of her friends, Carrie would be the one to turn to with this certain problem  with any problem really. She knew that she could tell her everything on her mind, and she would do her best to help. That's why she came to her to begin with; she needed the help. Kate dropped her bag to the floor and placed her massive load of books on the teacher's desk, before she took a seat on another desk, now facing Carrie, who was still standing in front of the door, in case anyone decided to get the same idea as them; they didn't want to be interrupted. \"Remember when I had my first date with John?\" Kate begun, staring out slowly; not just to trick Carrie's memory, but also to gather up the courage. \"When we went to the beach?\" \"Sure.\" Carrie mumbled and crossed her arms in front of her chest. \"You had your boob-cam on. Heather, Beth and I were following you every step of the way, how can I forget?\" Kate smiled at her briefly as she fidgeted with her fingers in her lap. She had never been good with these kind of things; she had only ever been this honest with her mother, and not even her had she told this. \"Remember when he wanted to drive me home?\" she continued, looking up at Carrie through the shielding curtain of her hair. \"Y'know? When I was waiting for him in the truck.\" Carrie smirked. \"You so weren't ready for that. We sent Beth to the rescue.\" Kate felt her chest tighten. \"Yeah.\" she swallowed loudly  too loudly? - and continued. \"That's exactly the cause of my problem.\" Now Carrie looked really confused, but also curious. She let door be door and took a few steps closer to Kate, so they were standing right in front of each other. Her arms fell to her sides and she blinked. \"How so?\" Kate sighed deeply. \"You know this, 'cuz you saw everything through my boob, but... I'd never kissed anyone. Not really.\" she didn't want to stop now, she was on a roll, and she better get it said while she knew she was able to. \"So Beth offered to teach me...\" she trailed off, hoping that maybe  just maybe  Carrie would catch the hint. She was one of the smartest people in school after all. Carrie didn't catch it though. \"Yeah?\" \"Just a short little peck on the lips.\" Kate confirmed. Carrie still wasn't following her. \"Yeah, and then you kissed John later. Beth told us, because the boob-cam went out, but she was right there, getting out of her dress, she saw it.\" Kate looked up then, saw her straight in the eye, while she gave a short nod to confirm. \"That's right.\" she paused. \"Is it weird that when I got to bed that night and went over everything that had happened to me that evening, I thought more about that short peck Beth gave me, than when John kissed me on the lane?\" Alright. She'd said it. The cat was out of the bag, and now she was just waiting for a reaction. She didn't know what to expect, but she knew that Carrie would react some way to this  she was just hoping for the right one. And a light definitely seemed to dawn on Carrie right then and there. At first her face tensed up a bit, but then realization hit her, and her face loosened, and her shoulder sunk down. She took a step closer, so she was standing right in front of Kate, almost between her legs. \"I see.\" she whispered. Kate swallowed again. \"You think you might like girls?\" There was a nod. \"And not only that,\" Carrie continued in a whisper, \"you think you might like Beth?\" Again. There was a nod. Carrie took a step back. \"Gosh, that makes so much sense to me now!\" Kate arched an eyebrow, \"How so?\" she wanted to know. It was sort of weird to be having this conversation right now, because she'd gone it over so many times in her head these past few hours (even during school, she got called on in Spanish and AP Literature, and hadn't known what to say), but never had she thought that Carrie's reaction would be like this... she hadn't really thought much of her reaction at all, to be honest. The older blonde got a soft look across her face. \"I was so confused when you didn't go out with The Other Tucker, I mean... we all thought you liked him, yet nothing.\" she shrugged her shoulders, \"Now I see that you like girls. And it even makes sense in another aspect  I thought I saw something between you and Beth, something there wasn't between you and Heather, or even you and I. It was strange, and I couldn't quite put my finger on it, yet now, here we are.\" \"Yeah...\" Kate trailed off, not quite knowing how to respond to that short monologue of hers, \"here we are.\" \"So.\" Carrie stated as she crossed her arms again and gave her a once-over, \"What are you gonna do about this?\" - \"Heather?\" There was no response. \"Heather, could you stop for a second?\" \"...\" \"HEATHER, GODDAMNIT!\" The fierce cheerleader stopped abruptly in her steps and turned around to look at Beth with a seriously bothered expression across her face; Beth didn't back down from her task though, because there was a reason she'd snuck into the filthy and smelly gym to begin with  she needed help from one of her best friends, no matter if that certain friend tried to hurry out of there with that ignorant look on her face before she was able to stop her. Beth offered her a smile she knew would annoy her. \"Oh, I'm so glad you heard me, Heather, I was worried I wasn't calling your name loud enough.\" Heather rolled her eyes. It was this game they had. Even if they'd become close friends these past couple of months, the two of them still butted heads way more than should be allowed; their opinions on just about everything were just too different. \"Oh don't worry, I heard your obnoxiously loud voice the first time, I was just tripping to the bathroom.\" Beth bit her lip so she wouldn't make a lame-ass comment. \"Oh.\" Heather raised a perfectly shaped eyebrow. \"So did you want something?\" Beth wasn't the most serious of people (she was probably the least serious in their group of four), so she knew that Heather was bound to not take her seriously when she started talking; she'd just have to wait and convince her that this really was important to her. \"I actually wanted to talk to you about something very important.\" Beth informed her and jumped the two last rows of seats, so she was standing on the gym floor, just like Heather. Heather made a face. \"Sure. What now? Another petition you need me to sign? Oh, let me guess, this time it's about...\" she pretended to think for a few seconds, while Beth just watched her, \"...dolphins! This time it's about dolphins !\" Normally Beth wouldn't have taken this kind of treatment from her, but today she actually wanted her advice, and therefore didn't want to fire her up. There was no need for that, so she just raised an eyebrow and decided to ignore her stupid comment. \"No actually, no petition for me today, it's actually more of a... uhm, personal matter?\" This seemed to really catch Heather's attention, because she looked over her shoulders to see where her fellow cheerleaders had gone, and then strutted into one of the vacant changing rooms, Beth following right in suit with a contend smile on her face  Heather was interested, otherwise she hadn't gone through the troubles it was to actually walk with her to be in private. When they entered the room, Heather made sure to lock the door behind them, before she took a seat  as gracefully as was possible in a smelly changing room  on one of the benches. Beth leaned herself against a row of lockers and smiled to herself when she remembered that Carrie had once hid herself inside of one of these and nearly suffocated to death. \"What is it then?\" Heather asked and crossed one leg over the other; that girl never lost her touch  no matter where she was at, she looked glamorous. \"I'll cut right to the chase.\" Beth informed her; there was no need beating around the bush or anything. She wasn't the type anyway  subtle really wasn't her thing. \"I think I might be changing teams. A gay. Lesbian.\" Heather chuckled to herself. \"Now, why does that not surprise me? You're such a slut, it would have to happen someday.\" \"Hey!\" Beth objected, knowing it was only appropriate to be offended, even though she knew that she was easy. \"Plus,\" Heather added, with a lick of her lips, \"you were so close up in Kate's boob when you were testing her boob-cam, I was surprised you didn't just stick your face in there.\" Beth rolled her eyes. Now, that boob-cam had been one good experience. Plus the thing that had happened later as well... that had been an even better experience. The only thing bad about that night was that it was John who'd gotten her out of her skirt, not Kate. Heather looked expectantly at her, as if she was waiting for her to say something. Not really sure what she wanted to hear, Beth made a face, \"What?\" \"When are you gonna tell her!\" \"Tell who?\" There was a beat. \"When are you gonna tell Kate you're in love with her?\" Heather elaborated, as if she was some stupid retard. Beth was pretty sure she had never uttered the words 'I'm in love with our friend Kate', yet  for some reason  Heather still knew this. Was she that obvious? Was she that lovestruck? \"How did you-?\" \"Know?\" Heather smiled, \"Oh please. It's written all over your face. I'm not too sure about Kate though, I mean, she does qualify as a possibility, so I think you should just tell her. She probably won't be surprised, I mean, it's you we're discussing here, right?\" Once more, Beth didn't know whether to be offended or not (that happened a lot when she spoke with Heather), so she decided just to skip over that last comment and discuss the seriousness of this conversation. \"I'm just really worried that she won't like me.\" Beth whispered, fidgeting with her fingers as she stood there. She usually wasn't like this, she was confident and determined, but for some reason it was different with Kate; she just meant too much to her, apparently. Heather snorted. \"I'm not sure she's gay, but I don't think you have anything to worry about. You're hot, even I can admit that, and if she passes on you, you'll just mingle two seconds with the Gay and Lesbian Club and you'll have yourself twenty hot dates and be over her in no time.\" Beth didn't really want to tell her otherwise, tell her that she was really in love with their friend and it would take more than 'no time' to get over her, so she just nodded and pretended to think for a second. \"But how do I tell her? How do I go about it?\" Heather bit her lip as she looked down in thought. \"This Friday, when we're at Kate's place! I'll make sure to leave early, and knowing Carrie, she'll have some homework to do and that'll leave you and Kate alone.\" she paused, \"Then you just  tell her.\" It was the 'tell her' part that would be the tough one. It wasn't easy breaking news like that to anyone. But Kate would be able to handle it, Beth knew she was strong. If it turned out bad for them, they'd just move through it and come out stronger on the other side. That was the plan right now. Tell her, and then just... take it from there. \"Okay.\" Beth confirmed. \"If you make sure I'm alone with her, I'll do the rest.\" Heather got a sneaky smile across her face. \" No problem...\" - \"Testing, one-two, one-two...\" Carrie tapped the small screen in her hand and looked up at Kate with a thoughtful expression across her face. \"Could you say something again, it's a bit scratchy?\" Kate bent her head once more and hadn't she done this before, she might have found it weird, but being friends with Carrie definitely made her do these things more often that she probably should have. \"Testing my boob-cam, one-two-three, one-two-three...\" \"It's good! It's good!\" Carrie interrupted her with a huge smile across her face. \"It's all good, I just needed to check the wires.\" Kate smiled back at her and turned to look at her mirror, so she made sure that the small device wasn't easy to see when she was wearing her outfit this evening. Not that it really was an 'outfit' so to speak, because they were just playing video games and watching movies, so she was going to be in her sweatpants all night. Carrie stood up right next to her and corrected a piece of her runaway hair. \"There. All set for the big night.\" she wriggled her eyebrows suggestively. Kate stuck her tongue out at her. \"Is this really necessary?\" she questioned. She felt like she had to ask (someone always did have to ask, and her being the most sensible one, she always ended up doing it). \"I mean  I could also try just, I dunno, talking to her?\" \"You are going to talk to her!\" Carrie confirmed as their eyes met in a serious hold, \"I'll just be taping it so tomorrow I can watch it all and see what you need to work on with her when you're alone. I've got no idea what you're like when it's just the two of you.\" Kate had to admit that that sounded pretty smart, because knowing herself, she was definitely going to screw their plan up somehow. Carrie had promised that she'd get Heather out of there in some way so Kate could get some well-deserved alone time with Beth. Kate was so excited for that to happen; she could already feel the butterflies in her stomach, fluttering away in nervousness. She was going to tell her tonight. And after that  nothing was going to be the same again. \"Kate! Heather and Beth are here!\" Carrie and Kate looked at each other by the sound of Lori yelling up at them, and making a quick squeal, the both of them hurried out of the room, Carrie hiding her screen in her overnight bag, before she stormed down the stairs in Kate's tracks. Lori had already led Heather and Beth inside and the three women were in the kitchen, chatting away. \"Hi guys.\" Kate mumbled when she entered; she couldn't help but let her eyes linger a bit too longer on Beth than on Heather, before she stepped towards the counter and started helping her crush unpack all the junk food she'd brought with her. \"We're gonna get sooo fat.\" Carrie mumbled, before she took a seat on the couch with her arms crossed. Lori winked at her, \"Don't worry, you can take it. Plus, we're all allowed to go a little crazy sometimes, right? And it's girls' night in, who can blame you?\" Heather nodded in agreement, \"I'm so with you, Lori, we all need a bit of relaxing.\" Kate smiled at Beth as the last bag of chips was thrown to the table. \"You went all out, didn't you?\" Beth shrugged her shoulders, \"At least it's all organic, none of that greasy fat from animals, that's something, right?\" Kate couldn't help but smile at her, \"You're right, that is something.\" she looked at all the bags once more and sighed, \"Will you help me carry these upstairs?\" Reaching for a jug of coke, Beth said, \"Of course! Let us butches do the work.\" Carrie rolled her eyes as she watched the two girls leave the room. She sighed heavily and uncrossed her arms. \"I'm with ya', sister.\" Heather agreed with that certain look of hers, \"I don't know how they could possibly be more obvious!\" Lori raised an eyebrow and turned to the two girls. \"Obvious? What do you mean?\" The two girls shared a look in understanding before Carrie spoke up, \"Not to freak you out or anything Lori, but  I think your daughter might be gay.\" Heather added, \"And soon enough you'll have Beth as a daughter-in-law, infesting your house with organic food!\" she made an ironic frightened sound and Carrie chuckled. Lori chuckled too. \"I guess I should have seen that.\" she sighed and sat down on the soft chair. \"I mean  there was never any boys.\" \"That doesn't necessarily prove to you she's gay,\" Heather butted in, \"I mean, look at Beth, there has been plenty of boys, let me tell ya'.\" Lori shook her head with a thoughtful expression across her face. \"She talks so much about you three. But always a bit more about Beth. And her eyes when she mentions her name... It's not strange, is it? I mean, they'll be happy together, won't they?\" Carrie nudged her with her foot. \"Don't worry, Heather and I have decided to interfere because things were getting nowhere. We're gonna leave early tonight, and before tomorrow comes, I think it's pretty sure they've gotten together.\" \"GUYS!\" Beth hollered from upstairs. \"Could you grab the rest of the stuff and we'll hit the couch!\" Heather stood up and smiled warmly at Lori. \"It's time to hit the battlefield.\" - \"Oooh! Would you look at that, would you look at that! That's classic!\" Beth hollered, just as she manoeuvred her car pass both Carrie and Heather's and won the race right in front of their noses. Kate, who'd been so far behind that she'd given up on even trying to be in the game, laughed and clapped her hands with Beth's, \"That was awesome!\" she giggled and reached for a chip from the bowl in front of her on the floor. \"I am awesome.\" Beth agreed with a shrug of her shoulders. Carrie made a face; that girl never did like losing. \"You were just lucky! Heather was jamming up my road.\" \"Was not!\" Heather objected and kicked back in the couch, stretching her arms out and finishing with a sigh. Carrie turned around a gave her a stern glare. \"You so were! That was my road and you kept moving your stupid pink car right in front of mine!\" Heather just rolled her eyes. She didn't even bother with a comeback. \"Carrie, by the way,\" Beth butted in, that superior look across her face; the one she always got, when things went her way, \"that was not luck,\" she pointed at the screen, \"that was skill , baby!\" Once more, Kate laughed along with her, and Carrie dumped her controller to the floor and stood up, \"I'll be leaving now anyway, I've got a huge English Lit assignment that I need to finish for Monday.\" Heather sat up too and finished the last of her drink. \"Yeah me too, I've... I've got to do something else.\" she locked her eyes with Beth's and almost couldn't keep herself from smiling when she thought of their conversation in the changing room last week. \"Something that's not boring homework.\" Beth snorted and turned to hide her face in a pillow. Carrie gave them all a suspicious look, but grabbed her bag just the same. Kate stood up too, to hug both Heather and Carrie. \"I can't believe you're leaving already.\" she mumbled into Heather's hair. Beth, who'd now stood up too, crossed her arms in front of her chest and said, \"No, I really don't believe it either, you guys!\" she screeched, knowing she couldn't have sounded more fake. \"I'll give you a ride home, Carrie.\" Heather said as she went for the door. Carrie quickly hugged Beth goodbye and was out the door in no time. When their steps had descented the staircase and the front door had smacked behind them, an awkward silence rose between the two girls when they turned to look at each other. The only thing that could be heard was the shallow laughter from the living room downstairs, where Lori was watching some old American sitcom. Kate turned to look at her and shrugged her shoulders, \"I guess it's just the two of us then, huh?\" Beth fell to the couch and put both her legs on the table, \"I guess so. What do you wanna do? Race me and let me beat ya'?\" she flashed all her teeth in the cutest smile, while she was nervous as hell on the inside, not sure whether or not she should go right at it  normally that would be the procedure for her, but this was different, it was more delicate, more important than all her stupid ex-boyfriends. This was... Kate . \"Actually,\" Kate said as she carefully took a seat next to her on the couch. \"I really want to talk to you about something.\" Kate felt her insides freeze for just a tiny second when those words left Kate's lips. She bit her lip in thought, wondering what Kate could possibly want to talk to her about. She then turned to look at her friend and raised an intrigued eyebrow. No matter what this was, she was certain that it had to be important. \"What do you wanna talk about?\" she whispered. \"Remember when I went on my date with John Tucker and you came to my rescue in the car?\" Kate mumbled, her fingers fidgeting with first the hem of her shirt, then the ends of her hair. Beth remembered that moment vividly. It had haunted her during several sleepless nights, simply because she couldn't get Kate out of her head; it had actually turned out to be quite the problem. Not getting any sleep definitely gave her some problems at school. \"I do, yeah...\" Kate seemed to struggle greatly with this; she seemed to really have troubles getting the words across her lips, which really made Beth curious. Where could she possibly be going with this? What could she have to say that made her so, so nervous? One side of Beth, the more confident, sure side of Beth, felt the hope rise in her chest. Could she maybe, possibly, want to say what she wanted to say as well? Could she not be alone in this entire mess of feelings? \"Beth,\" Kate whispered, her eyes locking straight to Beth's that second, digging deeply into those hazel eyes she'd come to love so much. \"that kiss ...\" And right that second, when those words left Kate's lips, Beth knew she wasn't alone. She knew exactly where Kate was going with this, and the good thing was, that she wasn't going there alone  they could go there together. Not a doubt was left in Beth's mind about what to do. She reached out, slowly, and placed a gently hand behind Kate's neck. Pulling her head closer, she felt the air between them tense, felt her own arms raise goosebumps she hadn't even known existed. The moment from that night swept across her mind for a second, but after that, all she could focus on was Kate's lips, which were getting closer and closer to meet her own. Just before their lips would meet, Kate paused. Beth immediately felt insecure, wasn't sure that this was the right time to do this, but Kate was smiling, which only confused the brunette. \"Wait a second...\" Kate trailed off, and to Beth's surprise she pulled out the small camera they'd used on John as well  the boob-cam. It was hidden right where they'd hit it that time too, and when she'd pulled it all out, she threw it to the floor and wiped a pillow all over it. \"For some reason... I don't want Carrie and Heather to witness our second kiss as well...\" Beth could feel a smile rise to her lips when she realized that Kate must have gone to Carrie for help, just like she'd gone to Heather. She shrugged her shoulders lightly, \"And you should have known better than to put it in your bra,\" she giggled with a whisper, \"I was gonna find that in like the first five minutes...\" Giggling, Kate finally leaned in closer and let their lips meet in a kiss. On the street, right below Kate's bedroom window, Carrie and Heather both let out a loud groan. \"Those bitches!\" Carrie said and carelessly threw her small screen onto the back-seat of Heather's car. \"Here I am, installing her boob-cam yet again, and then she just... takes it off! How the hell are we supposed to know what's going on if she takes it off!\" \"Those ungrateful girls!\" Heather agreed and stuck her keys into the ignition of the car. \"We are never helping them again.\" \"No, definitely not.\" Carrie agreed. There was a slight pause, and Heather still hadn't turned on the car. \"...you wanna go back in and spy on them?\" the cheerleader suggested. Carrie cracked a smile, \"Oh my God, I thought you'd never ask!\" Hello everyone :) thanks for tuning in on this little piece of mine. You know, I just recently resaw this movie for the first time since I bought it and got over my obsession with it (my best friends and I used to watch it constantly). I had been meaning to watch it again for some time and last weekend I finally had the time to. I really had forgotten how much I used to love this film, and most importantly why I used to love this film. There's just something about Sophia Bush that even I can't resist. Anyway. I got this idea after watching it again, and thought that I might as well give it a go. I hope you like it, because Kate and Beth are definitely the cutest thing :b Please drop off your thoughts, I'd love to know. Oh. And I wasn't sure how to end this. I debated just leaving it after they kiss, but I really wanted to make sure that I ended the entire deal with Heather and Carrie at a good place as well  and also, who can resist a little craziness from Carrie? Even though she was the serious one in the film, I always saw her as the comic relief; she made me crack up constantly. So yeah. That's why I left it where I did. :) Disclaimer; I don't own John Tucker Must Die. ","Summary":" MEMENTO A Beth and Kate oneshot written by Stessa  \"CARRIE!\" So it wasn't exactly like Kate want"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Raise Your Glass","Author":"Felicie Senta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4897848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: John Tucker isn't mine, but that's fine. Brandy and Sydney I own, and they aren't on loan! \"He cheated on her.\" Brandy Jay stepped through the hallways on wobbly ankles. Hold your head as high as your heels, Brandy commanded herself sternly. Her mind drifted back to a few weeks ago... \"'John will hurt you, Brandy.\" Sydney cautioned, her brown eyes wide and serious. \"I'll teach him a lesson. I'll teach him to be smart and kind. I can manipulate anyone. I can do anything.\" Brandy boasted, her green eyes narrowing with a flash of anger. \"I don't know. John's a hard one to...\"' Well, Sydney, you got what you thought would happen! Brandy wiped at her eyes and pranced into the cafeteria, the picture of beauty and perfection. But everyone knew she was falling apart. Ever since going out with John freaking Tucker, Sydney and her hadn't spoken. Then he came in. John strode in, his white teeth flashing at his crowd of admirers. Brandy bit her tongue to hold back a useless sob. His eyes landed on her, and something like guilt gleamed in them. But, no, John never showed regret. He was never at fault. Even Sydney glanced at Brandy worriedly. Of course, she had heard by now. Everyone had heard by now. Maybe if I was prettier, maybe if I was more interesting... Brandy paused in her mournful thoughts to see John kissing his new girlfriend, Adrianna. Why am I blaming myself? I didn't cheat on him ! It was the other way around! Finally, Brandy released her tongue and stood on her chair. Eyes swivelled to her and she took a ragged breath, collecting her courage. \"Cheers to the cheater, John Tucker!\" Brandy raised her glass, \"You look at me and whisper your little 'Omigawd! He cheated on her!' Do you even look at the cheater? Isn't it his fault?\" \"And, Adrianna, don't count on staying with John for long. He has already picked his next girl to cheat on you with.\" John, who had just inconspicuously grabbed a girl's butt as she walked by, looked up to see Adrianna glaring at him. With a startled look written across her face, she slapped John and stormed off. Brandy gave a hearty laugh and challenged John with her eyes. \"To the cheater! To John! Cheers, John.\" Brandy grinned and watched John through slitted eyes. Take that, Johnny boy! Payback is a bitch ! John tried to play it off cooly, flicking his jacket collar and turning around. Mid-turn, he stumbled and fell, his face bright red with indignation and humiliation. He stomped out, his ears between his shoulders and his tail between his legs. \"Cheers!\" everyone echoed and Brandy enjoyed a chuckle. As the students calmed down, Brandy's eyes sought out Sydney. \"Thank you!\" she mouthed. Sydney nodded, smiling, and raised her glass to Brandy. My, my, my. Mr. Johnny Tucker got what he deserved. Haha! I got bored and wrote this, so if some of it doesn't make sense just tell me! R&R.; Yours, Fel ","Summary":" Disclaimer: John Tucker isn't mine, but that's fine. Brandy and Sydney I own, and they aren't on lo"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"New Year's Eve","Author":"writergirl2003","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4707126","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My first John Tucker Must Die story... Beth and Kate are absolutely amazing together, and there needs to be more stories about them! Many more! Obviously I do not own JTMD or any of the actresses involved. Notice I did not say actors, because I don't care about the males. However, if I owned Brittany Snow and Sophia Bush... well, let's just say their personal lives would be very different. This story is for my beautiful girl, Kelsey. I love you, sweetheart! I cannot WAIT to spend New Year's Eve with you!! \"I've always thought New Year's Eve was kind of lame,\" Kate confided softly, as she slipped another piece of popcorn into her mouth. She pulled her feet under her, and sighed softly before allowing herself to glance at the other girl. \"People just use it as an excuse to go get drunk off their asses, and then use that as an excuse to act like morons.\" Beth chuckled lightly before shaking her head and taking a sip of her Diet Coke. \"Not true,\" she pointed out, grinning at the other girl, \"I mean, look at us. Neither of us are drunk, or making idiots of ourselves.\" Kate grinned before shrugging. \"Maybe it's just guys then.\" Beth rolled her eyes. \"That's a definite possibility.\" She swiped a potato chip before swinging her legs off Kate's bed and moving across the room to pull her cell phone from her purse. Flipping it open, she glanced at the time, before her lips parted slightly, and she smiled at the other girl. \"It's almost midnight.\" \"Ooh!\" Kate grinned, moving to reach her remote control, before pressing a button and watching the television screen light up. She grinned sideways at Beth as music and lights greeted them, and the cluster of people in Times Square bustled around. \"It's almost time for the countdown, then!\" Beth rolled her eyes playfully. \"Don't tell me you watch this stuff, Kate. It's just a bunch of sluts and their stupid boyfriends waiting to make out when that big, shiny ball drops.\" She studied her short fingernails, \"So stupid.\" Kate laughed, hitting her playfully. \"Right. Like you wouldn't love to be there in all that action, kissing the person you love.\" She flushed a little, before shrugging, \"I don't know. I guess it's just it's kind of romantic.\" Suddenly self-conscious, she scratched at her bed comforter with her fingernail. Beth smiled softly then, her dimples pressing into her cheeks. She shook her head. \"No, it's cute.\" She grinned before biting into another potato chip. \"Have you ever been kissed at midnight?\" The question caught Kate somewhat off guard, and she made a small noise in the back of her throat before deciding to speak. \"Um, no.\" She smiled at Beth, \"I usually spend my New Year's just like this.\" She motioned towards the television, \"Just me, and the entire population of New York City.\" She laughed softly, \"I know, it's pathetic.\" Beth watched her, the corners of her lips turning into a soft grin as she studied the other girl's sweet face. She was hesitant to reply, to ruin this moment between them, though after another moment, Kate turned, directing her attention to the television. \"I can't believe Carrie and Heather decided to go out tonight,\" Kate spoke softly, though not really committed to the conversation. Honestly, she was glad neither of the girls were here; Carrie spent all her time discussing statistics and numbers, and Heather was constantly going on about how hot every guy she saw was. It was nice to have a break from both of them. She honestly preferred having Beth all to herself. \"Yeah, screw 'em,\" Beth grinned, somewhat breathless as the countdown began on the television. Ten . Beth couldn't pull her eyes away from Kate's sweet, perfect face. She watched the television so peacefully, and for a moment, she looked like a little girl, soft and innocent. Nine. Beth's fingers curled against her own leg, and she swallowed. In an attempt to calm her sudden and unexplainable nerves, she reached for another potato chip before crunching it loudly. Kate looked back, grinning gently at her, which only caused Beth's heart to beat quicker. Eight. Beth pressed her lips together, and took a drink. She was going absolutely insane , and with only seven seconds left to spare. Seven. She flipped her phone open, and glanced at the time. 8:59. It would be another three hours until the state of Washington celebrated the new year. Six. Kate leaned back on her hands a little, her eyes still glued to the TV. \"I love this part,\" she grinned, \"It's so exciting.\" Five. \"Yeah,\" Beth responded, her voice quiet and weak. Her heart pounded in her chest, and her face felt flushed. Four. If Kate realized that Beth was suddenly breathless, she didn't let on. Pressing her lips together in excitement, her eyes reflected the glowing light of the silver ball. Beth suddenly wanted nothing more than to touch her. Three. \"Kate,\" Beth said quietly, reaching out to touch her friend's shoulder. Two. Kate turned, furrowing her eyebrows somewhat, studying the other girl's face. \"Yeah?\" One. Moving closer to her friend, suddenly, as the crowd began to cheer and scream, Beth's lips were pressed against Kate's. The kiss was soft, and she let her eyes close, though only for a second, before worriedly opening them to study her friend's face. Auld Lang Syne played on the TV, and she let the music fill her head as she pressed her lips harder against Kate's. The kiss was gentle, sweet, anything but intrusive, but Beth suddenly worried that Kate would freak out when she pulled away. She wanted anything but that. A moment later, the kiss ended. Beth pulled away slightly from her, and Kate's lips parted in protest to the abrupt end before her eyes slowly opened. Keeping her face close to the other girl's, Kate smiled, her breath heavy and shallow. \"Happy New Year,\" Kate whispered softly, grinning breathlessly at the other girl. Beth smirked, her lips still dangerously close to Kate's. \"It's not New Year for us yet,\" she reminded her quietly, \"We still have three hours left.\" Kate blushed somewhat, chewing on her lip for a moment before glancing back up to meet Beth's dark eyes. \"Then I guess that means we have to kiss again.\" ","Summary":" My first John Tucker Must Die story... Beth and Kate are absolutely amazing together, and there nee"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"The one for me","Author":"Det-du106","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12518469","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first JTMD fanfic. I don't own the movie or any of the characters. Kate had always been invisible. She didn't really know if it was a good or a bad thing. It had its perks and its flaws. One good thing that came out of being invisible was that you could notice everything that was happening around you. The reason was simple. No one noticed you. You were invisible. She really only had one person who saw her. Who saw Kate. That person was her mother, the mother everyone took notice too. Especially boys. Kate had lost count on how many boyfriends her mother has had these past few years. Not that it would make much of a difference if she kept count. It would keep happening over and over again. They had recently moved to Portland Oregon and one of the first things she noticed was John Tucker and his three girlfriends. A tip if you want to have three girlfriends. Don't take them to the same restaurant. It's the easiest way for people to find out. Especially since some students actually worked. She wasn't so sure that John minded people knowing, as long as his girlfriends didn't find out. She let out a small yawn as she walked into P.E. this was probably her least favorite class. If she only knew that it would turn into her favorite. Why? Because she met Beth McIntyre. It all really began because of John and coach Claypoole. The woman had acute angina, but John probably didn't know that. It wasn't his fault completely, he had no idea that it was pre-existing. \"Coach Claypoole is in the hospital, so we're combining all first period gym classes.\", with her words loud groans could be heard from the girl inside the gym. \"Yeah, yeah, I know. We all hate each other.\", \"No we hate you.\", the coach however decided to ignore the girl's words, probably used to them by now. \"Okay, Jennifer, Alison, Molly, Sarah, Denise and Kimmi, this side.\", she pointed towards one of the sides of the net. \"My name is Lucretia!\", a girl clad in black said blankly. \"On this side, I want Beth, Carrie, Heather and what's-your-face?\", that was one of the bad things with being invisible. Not even the teachers knew who you were. To them, you were just one of the kids in the school. \"I'm Kate, Kate.\", she stood up and walked towards her side of the net. \"All right, ladies... let's play ball!\", \"You're Heather, right? I'm Kate.\", \"So?\", with that the head cheerleader walked away. Kate had no idea how it happened but one minute things were quite calm and suddenly Carrie got a ball on her head. It all escalated quite fast. Soon balls were flying all over the place. As soon as a cart full with balls were knocking them to the ground Kate grabbed the coach's whistle and blew. \"Just stop! This guy is cheating on all of you... and instead of taking it out on him... you're beating the shit out of each other?!\", \"Language! Detention, you, you, you and you.\", the teacher pointed to her, Heather, Carrie and Beth. It was the first time Kate had ever gotten detention. She didn't know what would happen when her mother found out about this. She had never really gotten in trouble in school before. Now she had gotten detention because of three girls she didn't even know. All because those three idiots took all their anger out on each other instead of the idiot who actually deserved it. Kate didn't really have much to do during the time waiting for detention. It was hard when you didn't have any friends. Usually she would be on her way home by now. That was the place she felt the most comfortable. She took a deep breath and walked into the library, there was no harm in being early, right? She frowned slightly as she heard someone singing to himself. She didn't know that someone else had gotten detention. Of course she didn't know much about who usually showed up here. She didn't really care about that. Kate let out a sound when she noticed a brunette boy sitting by the table closest to the window. She hadn't expected someone to be there. He seemed to be very into his music and she couldn't help but wonder if he ever heard the term of being quiet inside the library. She guessed not. \"Uh... sorry, it's uh...\", the boy began as soon as he noticed her. Kate could see that he was nervous. He was probably embarrassed that someone walked in on him. \"Cheap Trick, I understand.\", she said with a small smile gracing her lips. \"Yeah, yeah, it is.\", he quickly put away his headphones. \"Yeah, you can't really hum to Cheap Trick.\", she said jokingly. \"No, once you've started... you're kind of obligated to-\", \"To belt it out.\", she cut him off. \"Yeah, I'm Scott.\", the boy went quiet for a while. \"You're from... chemistry, right?\", Kate was slightly shocked, normally people didn't recognize her just like that. \"Yeah, yeah, I'm- I'm Kate.\", she stuttered slightly. \"So, um, where is everybody?\", Scott looked at her with a strange expression on his face. \"Detention?\", \"You- you came early to detention?\", \"Oh, um, well, it's, you know... I would hate to m-m-miss a minute... of being... detained.\", she said nervously. Suddenly she let out a disgusted sound as she saw and heard what was going on on the other side of the window. John Tucker flirting with yet another girl. \"Oh, wow, that's not, uh, usually the reaction he gets from girls. It's generally more like a...\", Kate smiled slightly as Scott tried his best to impersonate a girl. \"Yeah, okay. 'Jerk' isn't really my type.\", \"Yeah, you're right. He can have his jerk moments.\", at this she frowned. \"Oh, I thought he was you guys' ... god, or whatever.\", \"You're close. He's my older brother.\", his words left her stunned to say the least. He didn't seem to be anything like his brother. He seemed to be so much sweeter and not the cheater his brother were. Siblings really can be different. Of course she didn't really know him yet, but she could tell. \"Oh. You're the other Tucker.\", she almost wanted to smack herself at her words. Probably wasn't the best thing to say. Compare someone to it's sibling. Never turned out well. Or so she heard. \"What is that? Is that, like 'the loser Tucker'?\", she noticed a slight irritation in his eyes. \"Oh, no, no. That's not what I meant. I just... you don't look...\", \"Hot, buff, or capable of inciting an all-girl smackdown? No, you're right.\", \"Naw.\", \"It's- it's cool, I'll let you in n a secret though. My mom... says I'm special on the inside.\", \"Good for you.\", this time she actually let out another small smile. Happy that he didn't seem to hate her for her words. \"Yeah.\", with that Scott grabbed his bag and left the library leaving Kate with a small smile on her lips. As soon as he was gone the three other girls entered one by one. This was going to be a long hour, that much Kate could tell. \"Alright, detention has begun. I'll be right back, and no talking.\", with that the teacher left the room leaving Kate alone with the three girls. \"So, I talked to John.\", she suddenly heard Heather say. \"It was so sweet. He felt bad for you. He said that you were just jealous because... we share something special, something that... we didn't have to label because it's-\", \"Because it's our unspoken bond... and I love how secure you are.\", Beth interrupted the cheerleader. Kate couldn't help but find this whole situation annoying. \"And it hurts me to hear you question it?\", by now it was clear to Kate how angry these girls were. She didn't know if they were more sad than humiliated. Not that she really cared though. \"Because you're the only girl for me?!\", the last part all three girls said together. \"Damn! He said the same thing to all of us.\", Heather whined making Kate let out a small sigh. This was going to be a long hour. \"Figures. He makes up with us... and then he hooks up with us...\", Beth seemed to be the angriest of them. She was probably more fragile than anyone thought. When Kate came to think about it. These girls really didn't seem to have any real friends. They only had people to hang out with. She didn't know what was better, being invisible or hanging out with people who only hung out with you because of the status. \"You guys hooked up?\", Carrie said mockingly. \"John and I share something special.\", she noticed the brunette scrabble something onto her paper. \"Oh, what, that you've both been in your pants?\", Kate couldn't help but think that things were getting a little too far. \"We share a vegan/nonviolent outlook on life.\", the girl sounded quite proud of it. Kate had no idea how Vegans survived. She had nothing against them but she would never be able to survive without her meat. \"Hippie slut.\", Heather said with a fake cough. \"Oh, nice, Heather. It's not like everyone doesn't know... that 'Little Miss Cheerleader' brings it on.\", \"Look-\", Heather was quickly interrupted by Carrie. \"You too?\", \"John and I belong together. He is the team captain, and I am... the head cheerleader.\", \"I'm sorry what kind of cheerleader?\", if this was what it was like to have some kind of status Kate was happy she was invisible. She wouldn't want to live like that. Fights between different clicks. They must get tired of it. \"Oh, like he'd ever take either of you two seriously!\", \"Don not lump me with her!\", Brooke pointed towards Heather. \"Oh, so, what... now you're better than me?\", Kate had enough. She couldn't concentrate on anything she was doing with these girls fighting. \"Shut up.\", she suddenly heard herself say. \"What?\", Heather was the first to speak after the interruption. \"Excuse me?\", Carrie followed right on and just as she finished the small sentence Beth let out a 'what?' too. \"Sorry. S-sorry.\", Kate said quietly, not liking the attention she had at her at that moment. \"You have something to say?\", Heather sassed, \"Uh... no, it's none of my business.\", Kate played with her pencil. \"What?\", she could tell that Beth was getting impatient. \"Okay, let me guess. Does he always use pet names like 'baby'... and 'sweetheart'?\" Yeah, it's not out of affection. It's so he won't mix up your names.\", Kate noticed that the girls finally was starting to take things in. \"And-and he's all about an unspoken bond... or something special, but never about a relationship. A-and the whole arrangement was your idea... so you feel guilty that he cheated.\", \"Oh my god. You're dating John too.\", Heather suddenly interrupted. \"No, uh... no, I just knew a guy like him, Skip.\", \"She's right.\", Carrie suddenly said. \"I mean he's always making me feel guilty.\", \"Yeah.\", Beth agreed quietly. \"It seems to me... that if a guy treats you like that, I'd-\", \"You'd break up with him, blah-blah-blah-blah.\", Heather interrupted. \"John would have another girlfriend in a second.\", Beth said. \"No, I didn't say 'break up'. I'd get even.\", she nodded to herself. If there was one thing she hated it was cheaters. \"Who are you?\", Heather suddenly asked. Before Kate had time to answer Beth answered for her. \"I know! You're that girl who wigged out last year and got sent to rehab!\", \"No, I...\", \"Then you got taken away for bulimia.\", \"No.\", \"Fat camp?\", this one she said more like a question. \"No, my name's-\", \"Hey! No talking!\", the teacher said finally coming back from his little errand. \"My name is...\", \"No talking!\", at that Kate gave up. It would have to wait. If they still wondered once this hour was over. During the rest of detention Kate sat in deep thoughts. Glancing over at Beth a few times. She knew that it was a lot more to the girl than she let show and frankly Kate would like to get to know her better. Kate knew that after this, they would probably never speak to each other again. This was he first time in a long time someone else but her mother had spoken to her. Kate found it kind of refreshing. She knew that she didn't want to be like them though. Popular. People often lost themselves whenever they became that, they were scared to show the others who they really were. You never knew who your real friends were. Kate would never be able to live like that. Ever. Her eyes soon found themselves on the clock. Time seemed to be so much slower during detention. She really hoped this only happened once. She didn't need anymore of this. She snuck another look towards Beth who only seemed to be playing with her pencil while watching the clock tick by. \"Hey, honey! I'm in a big hurry, I've got a... big date tonight.\", Lori, Kate's mother almost tripped over as she tried putting on her shoes while walking. \"Drummer?\", Kate looked up from her papers too look at her mother. \"Doctor.\", Kate raised an eyebrow. \"Well, veterinarian. Technician.\", \"So you're dating a dog nurse.\", there was a slight humor in her voice. Her mother and her ways of finding men. It didn't take long before Kate could hear the doorbell fo off. She shook her head slightly. Her mother really needed to find someone who actually wanted a stable relationship. \"You've... got a friend at the door.\", she suddenly heard her mother yell from downstairs. \"What?!\", she couldn't help but whisper for herself as she got off the bed, heading downstairs. She noticed her mother standing in the hall with a blonde girl. It didn't take long before her mother's new boyfriend also showed up at the door. \"Have fun, girls!\", she said as she rushed out of the house, grabbing her purse on the way. \"Kate, right?\", Carrie asked as she turned around to look at the blonde girl. To say that Kate was shocked was an understatement. This wasn't normal. \"Yeah, Kate.\", it didn't take long before the other two showed up too. First Heater and then Beth. \"I want to bring down you-know-who.\", was the first thing Heather said when she had opened the door for her. Beth was a completely different story. She used her words in quite a different way. You could hear the anger between her words though. \"Normally I'm opposed to the slaughter of animals... but in John Tucker's case, I'll make an exception.\", Kate couldn't help but shake her head slightly. This had been the strangest day of her life. She had never experienced anything like this before. She wasn't sure a lot of people had either. ","Summary":" This is my first JTMD fanfic. I don't own the movie or any of the characters. Kate had always been "},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"what if","Author":"TMIHerondales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11536149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm not going to do this anymore, it's not right. I've basically become what he was, but at least I'm not cheating. He asked me to be his girlfriend, and luckily for me, it was at a time when we were properly alone, no stupid boob cameras. Why on earth should I be doing this for them? If I get out of it now, tell john the truth, maybe things could be alright. But what if I tell them this, they won't be my friends anymore, but there only using me really if you think about it, and I'm now popular enough to have my own friends. How will they react to this new though? Oh god, they'd probably continue and break his heart without me, we've been doing this for long enough and his birthday's parties tonight. I have to tell him now, so much for a good birthday, but if I don't do this it could turn out worse. I'm going to do it. I turn the corner and spot heather and Carrie walking towards me in the crowded hall, they see me too and wave, my eyes dart away from them and I pretend I didn't see them. I dart into the next hall before they can catch up to me. I see my locker and go to it to get my class books before I change my mind and put them back in. The bell rings, I have to go to class, but this can't wait. I pull out my phone and text him. \" I really need to talk to you asap, is it an important class right now?\" He texts back within 30 seconds, I smile. At least someone likes me, but too bad it's only when I'm an asshole. \" Nothing important, you want to meet at the front near the car park? \" \" Yeah, I'm on my way \" I put my phone in my pocket and shut my locker. I dart to the meeting point, taking a bit of time to collect myself before I turn the corner and see him waiting there on the steps, his just pulling out his phone when he sees me. His face instantly lights up. My heart aches; I can't believe wha I did. I sit down next to him on the steps, he puts his arm over my shoulders, \"hey Kate, what's up\" I force a smile, \"hey.\" I take a deep breath and look at him, I can hardly do that because of what I've done, so I cowardly look away, \"look, john\" I can hear the fear in his voice when he talks, \"no, please say you're not breaking up with me, look, I've never been like this with anyone else, it's\" His words become muffled before he stops talking when I place my hand over his mouth and give him a weak smile, \"I'm not breaking up with you,\" I say and see him visibly relax, \"but, that doesn't mean we won't break up now.\" He looks so confused, \"but, if you're not going to break up with me, and there's no well in hell I'd break up with you, then that can't happen.\" I bite my lip, \"maybe you'll feel different after I tell you this.\" He stares at me in disbelief, \"youyou cheated on me?\" My eyes widen, \"oh god no!\" He still looks confused, and I prepare myself to tell him, \"but, it's still bad. Look, I knew all about what you used to do, dating multiple people, how you managed to not get them to notice, hell I was even the waitress for you every time you took heather, Carrie and Beth out to dinner at the same place.\" He opens his mouth to talk but I shush him and continue, \"When those guys found out about this, they fought each other, but I managed to get them to stop and hate you instead, and they turned to me to get revenge on you. At first I gave the general idea and they made and carried out the plans, like the std thing, and the emotioness, but that wasn't working and then you go and break up with all of them. The heather said, we should have just broken his heart, and that when I became the plan.\" I stop and look at him; I can see him thinking this through, his thoughts processing this information and finishing the story himself, \"wait, so this has all been a LIE, A GAME!\" His voice raises, but only a little, it's not a shout. I sigh and run his hand through his hair, \"I guess I deserved it anyway.\" I shake my head, \"that's not true anymore.\" He looks at confused and I continue, \"It's true that in the beginning you deserved it, but now, you really don't seem to, but that's only because of what's been happening thanks to me.\" I feel like and absolute piece of shit, and he seems to sense how I feel. His previously withdrawn arm drapes of my shoulders again and pulls me into him, I feel his lips kissing the top of me head on my hair. He shouldn't be doing this, \"you shouldn't be doing this; I was the asshole to you.\" He shushes me before I can continue, \"you're not an asshole, you had a reason to do it, and at least I'm a better person because of this.\" I stay quiet and let this sink in, I still don't agree with me not being an asshole. I swallow, \"the plan was that we were going to test you at the away game, and then break your heart at your birthday party tonight, the others don't know I've told you though, there still scheming.\" He pulls me tighter to him, \"well it not going to happen now, you don't have to worry about that.\" I sigh, \"I don't actually know how we were going to break it to you, but Carrie was documenting it, so probably don't have any videos at the party, just in case.\" He smiles into my hair, \"I could just not invite them at all, save them the trouble.\" \"That doesn't mean the footage won't get around school.\" I say. \"It'll be fine.\" He whispers. Then I get an idea, Carrie and the others are in class, and her laptop and everything is still in out secret room, \"wait, I think ii could get rid of it, unless she has a copy somewhere else, which I doubt, I know where it is.\" I pull away from him and stand up, turning to go, but he grabs my hand and stands up facing me, \"you don't have to worry about it if you don't want to, but I have a question, are we still together?\" I bite my lip, \"only if you want to.\" His face lights up, \"thank god.\" And he pulls me to him; our lips meet, for our first real unscheming kiss. ","Summary":" I'm not going to do this anymore, it's not right. I've basically become what he was, but at least I"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"The Day The World Stopped","Author":"Meliegirl1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5875681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Day The World Stopped Disclaimer: I own nothing!!! Beth's eyes darted in a million different directions while she was sitting in John Tucker's jeep. She took in the messy back area, and she thought she could see the top of a bra (that wasn't hers incidentally) peeking at her from under John's letterman jacket. Her chest tightened and her eyebrows furrowed. She didn't necessarily like John Tucker that much, but no one likes the feeling of being cheated on. Her jaw clenched, she let his fingers brush across the soft skin of her exposed thigh. \"You seem tense baby. Want me to fix that for you?\" John asked, scooting close to her and putting his arm around her. Beth closed her eyes. Baby. Kate's words resounded in her head. \"Let me guess, he always uses pet names like 'baby' or 'sweetheart?' Yeah. It's not out of affection, it's so he doesn't mix up your names\" She was so obviously right. Beth wondered who John was thinking of right now. Carrie possibly, or Heather. Or even- Beth couldn't bring herself to think that. Kate was so far beyond him in intelligence. He was so beneath her. Kate deserved someone who wanted only her, who would hold her when she cried or when she was scared. John Tucker could not provide her with any of those things. As far as Beth was concerned, Kate deserved the best the world had to offer. True, she wasn't actually dating him, but still. Beth didn't know exactly why she was here with him. She never truly liked him, he was just there. He was convenient. Maybe it was because she was so desperately confused. She needed reassurance about who she was. If Beth was being honest with herself, Kate Spencer did things to her that no one had ever done before. Beth was pretty sure that everyone knew of her totally alien feelings for Kate except Kate herself. Beth was so confused. She didn't want to act on the feelings for fear of losing the friendship they shared. She didn't want to push her away, which would absolutely kill her. The only reason Beth went to school anymore was to see Kate's happy smile and shining eyes. Kate was the only reason Beth survived. Carrie would drop snide hints when all the friends were out together about Beth's feelings for Kate. Kate was totally oblivious to it. Heather tried to push them together as many times as possible, but it would all fall through at the last second. Beth couldn't help but \"accidentally\" brush against Kate as they walked the hallways together. It sent a thrill down her spine that was totally foreign to her. \"Sweetheart?\" John asked again, seeming uncomfortable. Beth realized she had not answered his previous question; she had been too lost in her musings. Beth turned to look at John, the boy that had brought Kate and herself together. She supposed she should thank him for that. He began to lean closer, hoping to get one final hookup from the brunette. John was thinking about Kate Spencer, not Beth. But who was he to refuse a hookup with one of the finest girls in school? He thought she was acting weird though. He was never one for big speeches; he always got straight to the sex with Beth. She never seemed to mind, so who was he deny her? John started to think something was up with his former flame though. So he voiced it. Being with Kate had taught him one thing, when girls are silent, they need to talk. Well, not all girls, but girls like Beth. \"Um, Beth? Is something up?\" he asked, removing his arm from around her tense shoulders. A dark line appeared between her perfectly manicured eyebrows. \"I don't know John\" she whispered back. \"I mean, are you okay? You seem to be off somewhere.\" She shook her head slightly. \"I'm honestly just too confused. I feel like I'm feeling too many feelings for one person to bear. I just don't know how to handle it.\" \"Well, what are you thinking about? Who are these feelings centered toward?\" Beth remained silent. She wasn't sure John would take too lightly to her having feelings for his girlfriend. She bit her lip and looked out the window. She saw small pinpricks of light through the foliage of the trees. She sighed. \"Will you just take me home John? Please?\" she asked him. John became concerned. He had never seen this side of Beth. He was worried that something was happening to her, something she had no control over. \"Sure, no problem.\" He told her, starting the jeep and driving away. At her home, Beth's thoughts were even more clouded with Kate. She knew the other girl had no idea how she felt about her, but it was probably for the best that way. Beth knew Kate would probably freak out, but the lust she felt for the other girl was nearly uncontainable when they were close. Beth needed advice, and there was only one person she knew who would give her sound advice, Carrie Schafer. Beth pulled out her cell phone and hit the number 2 on her speed dial. It rang a total of 5 times before Carrie's chipper voice answered. \"Carrie Schafer, how can I help you?\" Beth rolled her eyes. Carrie would answer her personal phone that way. \"Carrie? It's Beth. Can I come over?\" \"Wha- um, sure thing Beth. Are you okay?\" \"I just really need to talk to you about something. It's driving me crazy.\" \"Yeah Beth, sure. Come on over.\" Carrie sounded worried. Beth hurried to her car and drove to Carrie's, only to see there another car parked there. Beth waked to the front door and knocked briskly twice. The door was thrown open and Carrie stood there, with Heather flanking her. Beth blinked in surprise before shooting a glare at Carrie. Carrie simply shrugged. Heather had been over to help her study for midterms when Beth called. But Carrie had a feeling she knew what Beth wanted to talk about. Kate, it was always Kate. Heather and Carrie knew about the mutual attraction between their two best friends and had been waiting for them to act on for a while now. Carrie knew Kate hadn't realized the depth of her feelings for Beth. Beth had obviously realized there was nothing platonic about her and Kate's relationship and that was why she was here. \"Will you two please help me?\" Beth asked her two friends, who exchanged knowing looks. \"Come on in Beth.\" Carrie said, gesturing her into the house. \"Okay, you two have to promise not to freak out okay?\" Beth said, nervously rocking back and forth on her heels. Heather and Carrie exchanged another knowing look before promising Beth they would not freak. Beth took a deep breath, preparing herself for admitting her biggest secret. \"I like Kate.\" Heather rolled her eyes and Carrie smiled. \"Well duh!\" Heather exclaimed, throwing her hands up in the air. \"Yeah, Beth, we both knew, you weren't too subtle about it\" Carrie said. \"Besides, we totally get it, Kate's a hottie and you have you're whole hippie thing going on-\" \"What does being a hippie have to do with me liking Kate?\" Beth asked, slightly offended. \"Well, aren't hippies all about 'open love' and not discriminating against liking someone of the same sex?\" Carrie said, raising an eyebrow. Now Beth saw where she was going with this. \"Oh, well, I guess you're right.\" \"Of course I'm right.\" Carrie scoffed. \"I'm always right.\" Heather rolled her eyes and flipped her hair over her shoulder. \"Well, what are you going to do about it?\" Heather addressed Beth. \"I don't know, that's why I need your help.\" \"Well\" Carrie started, \"How long have you liked her?\" \"Since we kissed in John's truck.\" \"Wait! You two kissed and you're not together? What the hell Beth?!\" Heather interjected. \"It was to show her how to kiss John, Heather! It wasn't meant to raise, you know, feelings for her! Besides, you saw it on the boob cam, don't you remember?\" Beth snapped. \"Um, no I definitely do not remember that.\" Heather grumbled. \"Okay, enough you two! Beth, why don't you just tell her?\" Carrie asked. Beth's eyes widened and she shook her head violently. \"No! What if she freaks out and never wants to talk to me again. I don't think I could bear that you guys.\" Heather rolled her eyes again. How in the world could Beth be so blind? It was so frigging obvious that Kate was into her too. These girls needed their eyes checked, seriously. Heather just wanted them to be together so she would stop having to feel the sexual tension between the two of them every time they all hung out together. It made for awkward evenings. Beth put her head in her hands. \"God you guys, this is all so confusing! Why can't it just be simple?\" \"Because life isn't simple Beth, get used to it.\" Heather commented quietly. Just then Carrie's phone rang. Confused, she answered it. \"Hello?\" Her eyes widened. 'It's Kate!' she mouthed to the other two. Beth's stomach hitched and she bit her lip. God, Kate Spencer was going to kill her. Beth would kill to just taste her one more time. The brief kiss with Kate in the car left her breathless. Her lips had been hesitant against Beth's, driving Beth crazy. She had longed to reach out and caress her face and had been about to, if not for that stupid boy interrupting the moment. Beth wanted Kate to kiss her again. She wanted to mark Kate as her own; she wanted to be able to caress Kate's beautiful face without interruption. \"Are you serious Kate?! When?!\" Carrie's frantic voice cut through Beth's reverie, bringing her fully back to attention. \"What?\" Beth asked, feeling knots in her stomach. \"Yeah, Beth and Heather are here. Hold on. Kate's moving.\" \"What?\" Beth's voice was almost a whisper. She felt like her whole world was crashing down on her. She couldn't lose Kate. \"When are you leaving?\" Carrie asked her. \"Oh! Yeah, sure, hold on.\" Carrie wordlessly held the phone out to Beth. Beth took it, her mouth suddenly dry. \"Katewhy?\" \"My mom met another Skip. She's moving usagain.\" Beth closed her eyes, pain tearing at her insides. \"KatieI don't want you to go.\" \"I don't want to go. But I want you guys to be there tomorrow when I leave. Please?\" The pain in her voice made Beth want to reach out and hold her. \"Of course we'll be there Kate.\" \"Thank you Beth\" The next morning Carrie, Heather and Beth all rolled up to Kate's house to see her off. As soon as she emerged from the house, Kate made a beeline for her friends. She sidestepped Carrie and Heather and pulled Beth toward her. They embraced, and Beth buried her nose in Kate's blonde curls. She swallowed back tears before releasing Kate. Lori came out of the house. \"Come on Kate, honey, we need to get a move on.\" Beth glared at the older woman, hating her for taking Kate out of her life. Kate gave one last sad wave to her three friends, before turning and walking slowly to her mother's car. \"Are you an idiot Beth?! Tell her!\" Heather screamed, punching Beth in the arm. \"Seriously Beth, it's now or never!\" Carrie stressed, shoving her forward. Beth's throat tightened, it really was now or never. She had to tell Kate, or she would always regret it. \"Kate, KATE!\" Beth called out, running forward. Kate turned, with tears swimming in her gorgeous blue eyes. \"Beth?\" \"Listen, this probably isn't the best time for this, but I just need you to know.\" \"What?\" \"I'm about to do something very very stupid, so you should probably move now.\" Kate didn't move, she wanted to see what Beth was going to do. A pleasant squirming in her stomach told her that she was about to do the thing Kate had been yearning for. Beth's breathing hitched, and she grabbed Kate's chin, pulling her forward. She pressed her lips gently against the blonde girl's. It was like a replay of John's jeep, except there were more people watching. Kate's lips were hesitant against Beth's, driving Beth completely crazy. She reached out and cupped Kate's face in her left hand, stroking along her cheekbone with her thumb. Kate began to respond to the kiss, moving closer to Beth and gently biting her lip. Beth melted at the intimate contact. Carrie and Heather were witnessing this from the sidelines but they felt like cheering. In fact, they turned and hugged each other, squealing with happiness and jumping up and down together. \"Kate, come-oh!\" 'Damn it Lori' Carrie thought, watching with apprehension now. Beth tried to break the kiss when she heard Lori behind them, but Kate kept her securely in place. She tucked a flyaway strand of dark hair behind her ear and sucked intimately on Beth's bottom lip. Beth whimpered at the contact, and was disappointed when Kate broke them apart. \"If there's one thing you've taught me, it's that I take control.\" Kate winked at a stunned Beth. \"WellI guess we're not moving then Kate, you can unpack.\" Lori said, smiling a little at her only daughter. \"R-really mom?\" \"Yes, how often do I get to see my little girl happy? Skip will just have to stay out of the picture.\" Beth felt a beaming smile working its way onto her face. Kate turned and faced her, staring into her shining hazel eyes. \"I'm staying.\" Kate told her, her own smile luminous. Beth turned and shot a wink at Carrie and Heather, who smiled, before turning back to Kate. \"You're staying.\" She said, leaning down and recapturing the blonde's lips again. Fin[Chapter 2] Knowing You: Disclaimer: I don't own John Tucker Must Die, or any of the characters affiliated with it. I also do not own the actors and actresses portraying the characters. Beth had been gone for 3 months. Three long, painful months. Kate Spencer hadn't realized how much she would miss the bubbly brunette. She missed the late night sleepovers, the way Beth's dimples stood out the most clearly when she was looking at Kate. The only thing Kate and all her friends knew about Beth was that she had been sent away to some camp to control her \"wild behavior.\" Beth did have her wild streak, but no one would really say it was totally out of control. No one knew when Beth was supposed to come back. Her phone was taken away, so no one could get in touch with her. She had just disappeared, without a goodbye, without anything. Kate realized that life without her bestfriend was hard. Okay, life without your bestfriend is undoubtedly hard, but life without whatever Beth was to Kateeven harder. Kate got the light tingles all down her body whenever Beth smiled at her, or even smiled in general. Sometimes Kate felt as if Beth subtly flirted, but that honestly didn't mean anything. Beth flirted with anything if it amused her. Kate thought Beth enjoyed the light flush that would appear on her cheeks with the flirting by the way her eyes shone. \"Kate?! You with us?!\" a voice broke through her reverie. \"Wha-oh! Yeah, yeah I'm here.\" She nodded briskly once. \"You sure?\" Carrie Schaeffer asked her, raising an eyebrow. \"Yes.\" Kate nodded again, her eyes traveling to the Jeep that had brought on the barrage of memories. In John Tucker's jeep was where it had all started. The kiss had changed Kate's perspective on the world. Beth had tasted of mint and the raspberry of her lipgloss. Kate had felt the slight tingle of Beth's lips on hers for the rest of the night. It was all Kate had thought about for about 2 weeks after it had initially happened. Beth seemed oblivious to the fact that it even happened. It was like it was nothing, like she'd done it 20 times before. Kate secretly wondered if Beth had done that before. It was Beth they were talking about. \"Kate!! You're zoning again!\" Heather smacked her on the back of the head to snap her out of it. \"OW! Heather! Did you need to hit me that hard?!\" Kate exclaimed, rubbing her head. \"Well! Stop fantasizing about Beth and join in the conversation!!\" Kate felt herself go 10 different shades of red. She felt the familiar tightening in her chest whenever this was brought up among her friends. She was afraid Carrie, Heather, and worst of all, Beth, would disown her as a friend if they ever found out about the weird feelings. \"Woah, KateI was kidding. No need to get all defensive on me, girl!\" Heather said, backtracking. Kate made a split second decision. She was going to tell her friends about this. If they called her weird and ignored her, well, she would figure that out if it happened. Her eyebrows furrowed, she grabbed Carrie's (who was closest) wrist and hauled her into the bathroom, with Heather tailing close behind. \"Alright, I have to tell you something\" Kate began hesitantly. \"What?\" Carrie asked, exchanging a bewildered glance with Heather. Kate hesitated; she was having second thoughts about her split second decision. She ran a hand through her blonde locks, furrowing her eyebrows and trying to figure out a way to word what she wanted to say. \"GuysI kind oflike Beth.\" \"Um, friend-like?\" Heather asked, quirking an eyebrow. \"No, not friend like. Um, romantic like.\" Kate cringed, waiting for the backlash. It was silent for a minute, before Carrie said, \"Wellokay!\" Heather rolled her eyes at her friend. \"Kate, Beth has been undressing you with her eyes ever since we met you. You have nothing to worry about.\" Carrie laughed at the comment. \"Seriously Kate. We sort of had an idea, but we didn't want to bring it up in case you would get all weirdly defensive, like out in the hall.\" Kate blinked; it was not the reaction she had been expecting. \"You guys aren't all weirded out or anything?\" \"We've been dealing with the sexual banterand the sexual tension ever since we started hanging out. I'd say we're used to it.\" Carrie said crisply. Kate ran a hand over her face. \"What the hell am I going to do about this, guys?\" Heather rolled her eyes. \"Well, whenever she comes back, you should probably tell her this. Just a thought.\" \"What if she freaks out though?\" \"Trust me Kate, this is Beth. Nothing can possibly shock this girl. Plus, she totally wants to have sex with you.\" Carrie shrugged, wearing a shit-eating grin. Kate felt herself blush again, and cleared her throat uncomfortably. Just then, her cell phone rang; a shrill sound that made all three friends jump. \"Hello?\" Kate asked into the receiver, shrugging at Carrie's questioning look. \" Kate? Hey, it's mom. I just wanted to let you know that Beth's mom called and she's coming back this weekend.\" \"Mom, I'm at school, this couldn't have waited until I got home?\" \" Well, I figured you'd want to know since you two totally have a thing going on\" Lori said to her daughter. Kate's eyes widened. \"MOM! Geeze, how does everyone know?!\" \" It's not that hard to figure out, sweetie.\" \"Okay, okay, thanks for telling me, bye.\" Kate said in a rush, snapping her phone shut. \"Um, care to explain?\" Carrie asked, narrowing her eyes. Kate rolled her eyes. \"It was my momshe said Beth was coming home this weekend.\" Carrie and Heather squealed. They started jumping up and down, startling Kate into speechlessness. \"Oh my God, Kate! You have to do something when she comes back!!\" Carrie squealed again. \"What?! No way! I'm not good with this kind of stuff guys! I have no idea what to say or do or anything!\" \"KATE! Calm down okay? That's why you have us. We know how Beth operates, we know what she likes, what she goes for. You'll be fine as long as you're with us.\" \"Guys! I didn't even know how to talk to John Tuckera guy! Girls are so different! I'm totally gonna screw this up!\" Kate was becoming frantic. Heather reached out and grabbed Kate's shirt, yanking her closer to her. \"Kate Spencer! We are your friends. We are NOT going to let you screw this thing up, you got it?!\" Kate nodded; Heather was scary when she got like this. \"Alright, we need to break the boob cam back out and put Kate through the crash course of hardcore flirting.\" Carrie said, pacing back and forth across the bathroom tile. Kate fiddled with her fingers nervously. She wanted Beth, but dear lord, Carrie and Heather were going to kill her. Kate waited patiently in the crowded airport, her shirt ridiculously low on Heather's insistence. The boob cam was hooked in the same place it was when the John plan was still in affect. Her skirt was high on her thighs. Kate felt exposed and stupid. Carrie and Heather were hidden behind a trashcan close enough to where Kate could still see them. They were both ridiculously excited about their little plan. Kate looked over to their hiding place, visibly shaken. Her two friends nodded vigorously to urge her on. Kate looked away, grimacing. This plan was going to fall through, she could feel it. She shifted on her feet as she started to scan the airport for Beth. She stood on her tiptoes and would feel a thrill whenever she'd see a head of brunette waves. But Beth was nowhere to be found. \"Kate?!\" she heard from behind her, in a voice she knew and loved. Kate turned and saw Beth for the first time in three months. But it wasn't the Beth she remembered. The spark that once lit her eyes was gone. She had dark bruise like circles under her eyes, with a matching bruise running along her jawline. A shiny pink burn adorned her neck, but her face broke out in a genuine smile when she saw Kate standing there. Beth dropped her bags and walked forward, pulling Kate toward her and hugging her tightly. The taller girl buried her face in Kate's blonde hair, inhaling deeply and sighing. \"God, you smell good\" she murmured into it. Kate tightened her own hold on her best friend. \"You don't smell too bad yourself.\" Kate felt rather than heard the soft chuckle from Beth. \"Where are Carrie and Heather?\" Beth asked, never lessening her hold on the other girl. \"They couldn't comegrounded.\" Kate murmured into Beth's neck. \"Hmmmm, that sucks\" Beth said, finally releasing her friend, but not moving too far away. Kate caught a sudden movement out of the corner of her eye and looked toward the source. Carrie was holding a makeshift sign that said 'Say the line!!!!!!!!' Snapping her eyes back to Beth, Kate moved closer to her, watching as the taller girl's smile started to spread across her face. \"Well, it doesn't suck too badly, because that means I'm here with you\" Kate felt like a moron saying that, but it apparently had to be done. Shock registered on Beth's face for a full minute before she smirked. Her eyes traveled downward, taking in the lowcut shirt and short skirt. She grabbed a handful of Kate's shirt and pulled the blonde to her slowly. She brought her lips to her ear, taking the shorter girl's earlobe in her teeth and biting gently. \"You need new advisors Katie, I taught Heather that line.\" She took Kate's earlobe in her teeth again, giving it one last bite before letting a small laugh escape her lips and turning away. Kate stood motionless as Beth brushed gently past her. Now she really felt like an idiot. She looked over to the trashcan where Carrie and Heather were hidden. They made frantic motions for Kate to follow Beth. Before Kate could even turn, she heard an amused voice call, \"Coming?\" She turned and saw Beth shoot a wink at her. Flushing slightly, Kate walked over to her, studying her bruised face. Beth, smiling, pushed her fingers through Kate's and led her outside. Kate took the lead and led the brunette to her car, opening the door for her. Beth gave an amused chuckle and flopped into the passenger seat. On the drive home, Beth had her eyes closed. The music was blaring softly out of the speakers and the two girls sat in comfortable silence. \"So, Katie, what's with the obvious flirtation?\" Beth asked, cracking one eye open to look at her friend. Kate rolled her eyes. \"Well, it was kinda meant to turn you on, according to Carrie and Heather\" Kate said, deciding not to pull punches about the situation. She glanced over and saw that Beth had closed her eyes again. \"You know Katie, you don't really have to try that hard.\" Kate flushed dark red. She could feel the heat creeping up her face. \"See?\" Beth whispered, running the tips of her fingers across the heated areas. \"You don't have to try hard at all.\" Kate glanced sharply toward her friend. She saw that Beth's eyes had opened and she was leaning toward her. Seconds later, Beth's face was buried into Kate's neck, with her lips pressing gently on her pulse point. Kate's hands gripped the steering wheel so hard her knuckles turned white. \"Don't take me home Kate...\" Beth murmured into Kate's neck. \"What? Why?\" \"Just don't\" she sighed, nuzzling the soft skin. \"Okaywhere do you want me to take you?\" Kate asked. \"Anywhere Katieanywhere.\" Kate pulled up to her own house and helped Beth get all her bags from the back seat. Beth still looked tired, and the spark that usually lit her eyes was nowhere to be found. Kate would do anything to get it back. \"Mom?!\" Kate called, walking in the front door. She got no answer. Beth stood silently behind her, leaning against the door frame. \"I guess no one's here. You can crash here tonight if you want.\" Kate said, turning to see Beth's relaxed form. \"OkayI think I'll take you up on that offer.\" Beth winked at her, pushing herself off the door frame and walking toward Kate. Beth cocked her head to the right, reaching out and tracing Kate's jaw with her fingers. She placed her index finger under Kate's chin and traced her lips with her thumb. Beth smiled softly before leaning forward and touching her lips to Kate's. It stared soft but became more passionate as time passed. Beth leaned forward, making Kate lean backward until her back was touching the counter. Beth got handsy, trailing her fingers down Kate's neck and across her collar bone. Her hands traveled lower, trailing across Kate's cleavage. Beth jumped a little, pulling her lips off Kate's and looking down. Kate, realizing what Beth was looking at, began to freak out. \"Oh, God, Beth uh-\" Beth yanked the boob cam out of Kate's shirt and muttered, \"First five minutes\" Kate closed her eyes and shook her head, flushing again. \"Carrie, you're boob cam is going to be thrown somewhere out of Kate's window, good luck finding it.\" Beth opened the window and threw the tiny camera out of it. She turned to Kate again, who was blushing furiously. \"Why am I not surprised?\" Beth asked, pulling Kate closer and running her finger over the blush. Kate didn't have a chance to answer, because Beth was attacking her neck with her lips. Sighing, Kate helped Beth in her quest to get her shirt off. Both half naked, they backed up into a wall, with Kate's back touching it. Beth hiked Kate's leg up to hook around her hip, running her hands across her tight stomach. In the aftermath, Kate was lying on top of Beth, with her head buried in her neck, absentmindedly tracing patterns on her right shoulder with her left hand. Kate's hand traveled up toward her neck, her fingertips grazing the burn very lightly. Beth's sharp intake of breath alerted her that it was still tender. \"Sorry, I'm sorry!\" Kate whispered, placing a kiss on her collarbone. With a slight groan of discomfort, Beth sighed out, \"It's okay KatieI'm fine.\" Kate looked up to meet Beth's hazel eyes, and was surprised to see they were just as dead as before. \"What happened Beth?\" Beth's jaw clenched. \"They break you down Kate, they break you down and reshape you how they want you.\" \"Who?\" \"The camp I went to. They break your spirit, and reshape you into the 'dream child' your parents want you to become.\" Beth smiled slightly, glancing down at Kate's shocked face before continuing. \"I wouldn't be broken. I stayed as true to myself as I could in those months. Those people who ran it got so angry.\" She let out a snort of mirthless laughter. \"They took me and beat me downliterally.\" She pointed to her bruised jaw. \"They weren't going to let me be the same person as when I entered that hell hole. I refused to be broken. So they would take me in a room and break various parts of me until I broke fully. It didn't matter to them whether they broke me physically or emotionally in that room, as long as there was a notable change when I left.\" She shut her eyes tightly and sighed shakily. \"I finally broke Katie. That's why I'm home. I'm willing to do anything to get myself back again.\" Kate pushed off of her, causing Beth to open her eyes. \"SoI was a distraction?\" Kate wasn't mad, she just wanted to know. Something sparked behind Beth's eyes and she pushed herself up and got on eye level with Kate. \"I-I mean I'm not mad or anything, I just wanted to, you know, make sure I knew what to do tomorrow-\" \"KATE!! Are you stupid?\" Beth was angry. \"You could never be a distraction! Do you have any idea how long I've thought about doing that?\" She leaned forward and hugged the blonde girl. \"Godyou are so moronic sometimes\" she murmured into the soft skin of her neck. Beth fell back onto the pillows, her eyes back to their dead state. Kate bit her lip and laid down next to her. \"BethI love you.\" \"What?!\" Beth snapped her head around, clearly shocked. \"Oh, oh, that was word vomit! Ughh I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that-\" \"Katiequiet.\" Beth said softly. \"What did you say?\" \"Ummm, I love you?\" Beth's face broke out into a smile and she pulled Kate on top of her, pulling her face down. With her lips at the blonde's ear, Beth whispered, \"I kinda love you too blondie.\" Kate smiled and pulled Beth's face around to kiss her. The spark in her eyes was back. Beth was back. AN: Anymore ideas for oneshots, just review or message :] ","Summary":" The Day The World Stopped Disclaimer: I own nothing!!! Beth's eyes darted in a million different di"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"In Love with the Other Tucker","Author":"yuucy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7477644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yuucy: Hello? If I owned the movie/story \"John Tucker Must Die\" then it wouldn't be a chick-flick!  I'm usually more into action/horror/fantasy. And of course I also don't own any of the characters or any other thing in the movie. Introduction (Kate's P.O.V.) Some people might have thought that things would've changed after the \"John-Tucker-Killing-Plan\", but these people were totally wrong. Well, of course I was kind of popular the next weeks after his birthday party but it also was pretty sure that in the end I would be invisible again. The party was five weeks ago and I highly doubt that more than ten persons at this school know my name. But that's okay, because I still have Heather, Beth and Carrie. And guess what, they've actually become pretty good friends! We tell each other everything! Okay, that was a lie. Of course I wouldn't admit to them that I've got a crush on Scott, John's little brother. Why not? Because they'd definitely come up with some weird plan again! And also I don't believe he thinks of me like that. I'm sure he just sees me as a friend. But I also got some pretty good news. My mom finally found a guy who's serious about her! And this time it's not just her, thinking that he's okay. I actually think that he's the right type of guy for her, and if I say something like this it has to mean something. I think his name was Phillip but everyone just calls him Phil. So at least everything is turning out good for my mom. But what should I do now? As I said before, I \"like\" Scott but I can't talk to the girls about it! So how am I supposed to know what to do? I mean, lately I've been getting totally nervous around him! And we've got Chemistry tomorrow! Arrggggh! Why is being in love so complicated?[Chapter 2] (I) Little Surprise Yuucy: I already said it in the introduction, but I think I'm going to repeat it just to make sure everyone knows... I don't own the movie or anything that is in the movie \"John Tucker Must Die\" (Kate's P.O.V.) It was lunch break right now and I, the no-one, was sitting at one table with the head cheerleader, the girl every guy wanted, and one of the smartest girls in school. But nobody cared about us or our differences because they already got used to us four being friends. Carrie, Heather and Beth were talking about the latest fashion and usually I would join them, but right now something (or somebody) else was on my mind. Just some moments ago I saw Scott sitting under a tree with one of his friends. They were listening to music and I don't know why, but suddenly, I really wanted to know what they're listening to, and what they're doing, and  \"Kate?\" I heard someone calling my name. \"Shh, she's daydreaming about the younger Tucker\", another female voice giggled. \"Awww, how cute\" That was Beth's voice. \"But maybe it would be better for her to come back to reality now\", and with that, Heather snapped her fingers in front of my face and pulled me out of my \"trance\". \"You should stop fantasizing about him and just go and ask him out already!\" Beth said in a kind of harsh voice. \"Whom should I ask out?\" I asked as innocently as possible. I still had some hope that my friends didn't know about my crush on Scott, although that was nearly impossible. \"Oh, you know exactly whom we are talking about\" Carrie said smirking. \"Girls, I already told you that there's nothing going on between me and Scott.\" And that actually wasn't a lie. \"We are just lab partners in Chemistry, okay?\" \"Yeah, sure\" Heather said sarcastically and with that our lunch break was already over, so we had to get to our next classes. When I got into the lab, nothing really happened. I sat down and took out my notes when I heard someone whisper my name. \"Hey Kate\" Of course it was Scott and I actually shouldn't have been that surprised, but the way he greeted me this time kind of shocked me. He leaned over me from behind and quietly whispered into my ear. I turned around quick, only to find his face way too close to mine. He stared into my eyes as if he was searching for something but then, his eyes suddenly got wide and he turned away from me. \"So everyone, attention please!\" our Chemistry teacher Mr. Smith shouted. (A.N. Sorry, don't really know the name of the teacher) He started writing something on the board and normally I would've just taken notes but right now my head was filled with everything, but not Chemistry. I carefully looked at Scott and he wasn't taking notes either. He just stared at his block and- is it my imagination or is he blushing? Just as I tried to figure it out the teacher called my name and everyone in class seemed to stare at me. \"Would you mind looking to the board instead of Mr. Tucker?\" he asked with a smirk. God! Why did this d*mn teacher have to say that now? I could hear some girls behind me giggling and some of the guys in class also looked like they had problems not to laugh. But at least Scott didn't say anything. So now I couldn't really think of him anymore, but had to concentrate on Chemistry or otherwise Mr. Smith would make another comment. The lesson got over pretty slow and in the end I hadn't really talked to Scott once. But he also didn't try it. I mean, it was like he was ignoring me, or was he maybe just embarrassed? \"No, that isn't possible\" I thought after the lesson was over \"What should he be embarrassed about anyway?\" And with that I went out of the school building and home, where I'd meet up with the girls later. Yuucy: So what's going to happen next? I don't even know it yet, but I hope that I'll come up with something good. So, look forward to the next parts of the story! ","Summary":" Yuucy: Hello? If I owned the movie/story \"John Tucker Must Die\" then it wouldn't be a chick-flick"},{"Movie":"Leap Year","Title":"Irish Hospitality","Author":"Elfinium","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13003413","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Declan O'Callaghan pried the lid from the top of the paint can and scratched his head. 'What colour are we calling this then? Is it a greeny blue or a bluey green?' His wife, Anna, was busy surveying the wall of one of the inns guest bedrooms with a professional eye. Dressed in a t-shirt and a pair of Declan's old overalls tied by the arms around her waist, she turned to him, hands on hips. 'It's Marine Splash if you must know.' She said, daring him to argue. 'Marine Splash is it?' He said, pulling a face. 'And who would name a colour Marine splash?' Anna rolled her eyes and turned back to the wall, hands outstretched as if to project her vision. 'This is going to be a feature wall. It will tie together the theme of the room.' She said. Not realising Declan now stood behind her she turned around, running straight into the loaded paintbrush he held in his hand, leaving a huge blob on her white shirt. Both she and Declan's eyes trailed to the paint before they returned to make eye contact. 'Sorry.' Declan cringed with what he hoped was an innocent little boy smile. Anna's eyes narrowed. 'You did that on purpose.' She accused. With a sigh of resignation, Declan bent to dip the brush in the paint once more before presenting it to her. However, before Anna could make good her revenge, his index finger pulled back the upended bristles before slowly releasing them. Little splatters of paint speckled across Anna's face. ' That I did on purpose.' He said, stifling a laugh. In shock, Anna blinked once, then twice before finally launching herself at her husband. Already prepared for an assault he dodged neatly before grabbing her around the waist and lifting her easily off the ground. Wrapping her legs around him and her arms locked around his neck, Anna allowed herself to be thoroughly kissed, the paintbrush now dropped and abandoned. 'This isn't going to get the room done.' She said with a sigh as her lips were finally released. 'Ack, it'll all get done in the end.' Declan said with a shrug as he lowered her to the ground. 'I know, but the sooner the rooms are done the sooner they can start earning us some real money, and you did say I could run the B&B; side as I liked?' She said, gazing up at him. 'I did that, I just didn't realise it was going to involve me doing this much work.' He complained. She giggled and stood on tip toes for another kiss, a kiss which soon deepened when she pushed him back onto the dust-sheet covered bed. All thoughts of painting began to be forgotten when from below there came the sound of knocking. Anna's head shot up. 'There's someone at the door.' Disengaging from his wife, Declan sat up. 'That is what knocking normally indicates.' He said drily. Slapping him playfully on the chest, Anna got up, 'Who would be out in this weather? It's pouring down.' She frowned. 'They could be some guests, caught in the rain, we've already got those two rooms done, I think the paint fumes would have gone by now.' She said excitedly as she dashed out of the room and down the stairs two at a time. Declan followed at a more sedate pace. 'Be sure to check they're married.' He said with a chuckle. 'Yes, because we all know how that turned out.' She responded. 'Right is right rain or no rain.' She mimicked in an Irish accent. At the large inn door, Anna smoothed her hair before throwing it open. 'Welcome to the Ca' The words died in her throat as the sight on the other side. 'Who is it darlin'?' Declan asked as he leant an arm against the doorpost. 'Jeremy.' Anna said, her eyes as big as saucers. She glanced up at Declan. 'It's Jeremy.' She said again. 'So, I see.' Declan said coolly. 'Anna?' Jeremy said, his raincoat held above his head. Behind him was a woman, hunched under her own coat. 'I don't believe it! Can we come in?' He indicated the weather. 'What? Oh yes, do come in out of the rain.' Anna said automatically ushering them in. Declan had wandered over to the coffee machine and was pouring himself a cup. 'What is it with you Americans, you just turn up, you can't pick up the phone and call first?' He said, taking a sip and grimacing at the hot liquid. 'Um, yes, Jeremy.' Anna asked, her hands clenched in front of her. 'What are you doing here?' 'Belinda and I are visiting Ireland and thought to see some of the country while we were here, I didn't realise you were living here.' Jeremy said indicating the pub. 'Um. You seem to be covered in paint?' Anna hands immediately flew to her face as she realised how she must look. 'Oh, yes, we were painting.' She said obviously. The woman identified as Belinda stepped forward and extended a hand. She had straight black hair, cut into a sensible bob, glasses which were starting to steam up slightly in the warmth of the inn and a neat, well put together outfit. 'Dr Belinda Roseburg.' She introduced herself. 'Nice to meet you.' 'Nice to meet you too.' Anna said as she shook the proffered hand in a slight daze. Declan merely raised his cup in acknowledgement to the woman and lounged back against the bar. Anna shook her head as if to clear it. 'So, you're visiting Ireland, how lovely. Have you hired a car?' 'No.' Jeremy said with a glance at Belinda, 'We had a driver drop us off, I'm afraid that's us stranded, we were hoping there would be somewhere we could grab a bed for the night?' 'That was taking a bit of a gamble wasn't it?' Declan cut in. 'After six months you just decide to drop in on your former fianc and expect us to offer a warm welcome? You must have known we're the only B&B; nearby.' 'I didn't know Anna was here. Anyway, you seemed to have offered Anna a warm enough welcome when she dropped in unannounced.' Jeremy said, an edge to his voice. 'So much so she packed up and moved to Ireland.' Declan straightened up, an unpleasant glint in his eye as he towered over the American. 'Fortunately, I can drive you. The Doolies run a fine B&B; and they'll be able to put you up there until you can be on your way.' He said icily. Anna, glancing back and forth between the two men suddenly grasped Declan's arm. 'Can I see you in the kitchen please, honey?' She said sweetly. Declan scowled at his adversary. 'Declan, honey.' Anna said, tugging on his hand. 'Kitchen please.' Reluctantly the Irishman followed his wife. 'What!' He exclaimed as he picked up an apple from the counter and took a bite. 'Have you forgotten the Doolies are in Australia visiting their daughter?' She said. 'Ok, so I'll take them to the O'Roukes.' He countered, taking another savage mouthful. 'Sheila Cleary's daughter is getting married this weekend and the O'Roukes are housing most of the guests, there won't be a spare bed between there and Dublin.' Anna said patiently. 'That is if the car will make it that far.' 'She's a classic.' Declan's scowl deepened. 'They are not staying here.' 'Why not?' Anna cajoled. 'There's nowhere else. They've got money to give to someone for a room, why not that someone be us?' 'Nope.' Declan said, firmly. 'Think about it.' She wheedled, wrapping her arms around his waist. 'Think about the money.' 'Your ex fianc, the man you left for me, turns up out of the blue with some new woman and you don't think there is anything strange about that?' He asked, exasperated. 'It's not ideal, but I don't see why we should lose out when we have potential paying guests?' She said, eyes big and hopeful. 'It's not like I'm going to go running back to him is it, I chose you, and he's here with a new woman?' She seemed to consider this for a moment with a frown before shaking it off and continuing. 'There's no reason why we can't we all just be grownups about this?' Declan looked down into her eyes and knew he'd already lost the battle. 'Fine, but on your head be it Bob.' He said eventually. Anna clapped her hands in delight before pecking him briefly on the lips. 'You won't regret this.' She said as she skipped back to the bar. 'I regret it already.' Declan said, viciously dropping the remains of the apple into the bin. 'Oh no, this isn't going to be awkward at all.'[Chapter 2] 'We'll be delighted to accommodate you.' Anna said brightly. 'We certainly don't want to cause any trouble.' Jeremy replied, with a quick glance in Declan's direction which indicated quite the opposite. 'I'm sure you don't.' The Irishman muttered under his breath. Out loud he asked innocently. 'Will it be a double or two single rooms you'll be wanting?' 'Two singles please.' Belinda said, holding Declan's gaze a little too long. Declan raised an eyebrow. 'Two singles it is, and very admirable if I may say so in these decadent times.' He said with an exaggerated accent. 'Why, we've known those who'll share a bed within a few days of meeting, haven't we love?' When Anna glared back in reproach, he muttered 'Diddley ei' and winked in her direction before going to collect the keys. 'He won't be long.' Anna said to fill the silence. She was suddenly very aware how dishevelled she must look, especially in comparison to her sleek countrymen. The overalls and paint splatter must look awful, not to mention meeting your ex fianc with no makeup and make out hair. She couldn't help the blush rushing to her cheeks. 'Have you known each other long?' She asked to cover her embarrassment. Her ex fianc glared out of the window at the pouring rain. Anna wondered if he'd caught Declan's jibe. 'Jeremy and I work together at the hospital.' Belinda said with contained smile. 'Yes, Belinda has been a great comfort.' Jeremy added, shaking himself from his reverie. He moved to place a hand on her shoulder. 'A great comfort.' Yes, he'd definitely heard. She could crown Declan sometimes. The man in question, returning to the room, noticed the slight discomfort from Belinda at Jeremy's touch, and the frosty expression on his wife's face, best to make himself scarce. 'I'll show you to your rooms.' Declan said, 'This way.' He picked up Belinda's bag and strode towards the main staircase. 'Shall I book you a table for dinner at eight?' Anna asked as Jeremy collected his own bags. 'Declan really is an excellent chef; his food is to die for.' She enthused. Even if the insufferable man wouldn't understand tact if it punched him in the face, she thought privately. Jeremy merely nodded. 'That would be nice thank you.' Bags in situ, he made his way towards the staircase before turning back to her. 'And Anna, it really is nice to see you.' 'You too.' She said with a smile. 'I've put you two next to each other,' Declan said, opening the first of the newly refurbished rooms. 'But don't be getting up to any hanky panky now.' He added, putting down Belinda's bag and waggling a finger at her. 'I don't think there will be any er hanky or panky.' Belinda said primly. 'Oh, I don't know, two people, thrown together in unfamiliar circumstances, all sorts of strange things can happen.' He said with a sly grin. 'Jeremy and I are friends.' Belinda supplied. 'Ack, that's the worst kind, all sorts of feelings under the surface.' Declan teased with some glee. 'I can assure you' Belinda insisted until she was interrupted by Jeremy bustling down the hall with his luggage. 'Can I give you a hand there?' Declan asked. 'I can manage.' Jeremy snapped back. 'Suit yourself.' He replied as he opened the second door for the American to enter. 'See you at dinner.' 'What on earth were you thinking?' Anna demanded, storming into the kitchen. Now showered and in a pretty summer dress, she stood with her hands on her hips and fury in her eyes. Declan continued to chop onions and refused to be cowed. 'I have no idea what you mean.' He said innocently. She stamped a foot. 'Declan O'Callaghan, you know exactly what I mean, that crack about sharing a bed.' 'Ack, that. So, I never said anything happened now did I?' He said waiving the knife at her. 'You didn't say anything didn't either!' She cried in frustration. He looked affronted, placing his hand on his heart. 'Why I happen to believe the things that happen between a couple in the sanctity of the bedroom are private.' Anna opened her mouth and closed it again momentarily stumped what to say. Bloody infuriating man. 'But but but' 'But but but' He mimicked, 'Is a bus reversing?' 'Aaaargh!' She screamed before turning and storming out of the kitchen. 'Declan one, Americans nil.' He said with satisfaction, before resuming his preparations. Having time to cool down, Declan began to feel a slight pang of guilt at his teasing. Well, what did she expect if she insisted on putting the cardiologist under the same roof as him, he was only human after all. Leaving Alec in charge, he wandered along to the bar area which also doubled as a reception of sorts, picking up one of the evening confectionaries on the way, the one he knew she couldn't resist. Anna was reading something behind the counter. Walking up behind her he reached over her shoulder and placed the sweet in her eye-line. She viewed it suspiciously. 'What's this?' She said coolly, not turning around. 'Rum, date and pecan cheesecake with dark chocolate shaving... your favourite, and a peace offering.' He replied. 'Am I forgiven?' She turned to face him, blue eyes flashing. 'You're not sorry, are you? So absolutely not.' He shrugged. 'Fair enough.' And moved to take the cake away. 'I don't think so.' She said, placing her hand over his. 'He just you know.' Declan said awkwardly. 'I know, I know, but could you just try to be a little less you around him?' She asked. 'Who da hell would you like me to be, Jeremy?' He snapped, pulling his hand away in annoyance. 'No, of course not.' Anna said quietly, 'It's just, I do feel a bit bad about it all.' She put her arms around his waist, resting her head against his shoulder. Almost as a reflex, Declan returned the embrace. 'I know Bob, I'm not sure I feel great about it either, but, it wasn't as if we planned it. The heart wants what the heart wants.' He said, kissing the top of her head. 'I never really understood that before, you know with Ryan and Kaleigh, but I think I do now.' Anna looked up, their gazes locked. 'You do?' 'I do.' He confirmed, before bending to press his lips to hers. A noise from the stairwell broke the spell. 'Here comes your man now.' Declan said, his eyes widening as he stepped reluctantly away. Anna turned to see Jeremy and Belinda approaching. They had obviously made some effort to be casual. Jeremy in some chino's, a polo shirt, socks and deck shoes, Belinda in a maxi dress and sandals. 'Good evening.' Jeremy said, with exaggerated humour. Declan looked at his watch, but, with great effort, declined to say anything about it being only six in the afternoon. 'Good evening.' Anna said, deliberately. 'The rain appears to have stopped, for the time being at least, so we thought we'd take a walk around the village before dinner.' Belinda said, smiling. 'Perfect.' Anna said, 'It's beautiful once the rain has washed everything clean. I'd take an umbrella though, just in case, you'll find one in the hallway.' The four of them stood in an uncomfortable silence until Belinda gave a small cough, spurring Jeremy into action. 'We wondered,' He began, with an uncertain glance at the brunette, 'If to say thank you, you'd consider joining us for dinner?' 'No.' Declan said quickly as the last word left Jeremy's lips. Anna glared briefly at her husband before explaining. 'Declan will need to be in the kitchen, obviously, it's the busiest time for him. We tend to eat together once the rush has gone, but thank you so much for the invitation.' She smiled mischievously. 'However, we'd be happy to join you for breakfast?' Declan was about to comment when Anna's elbow make sharp contact with his rib. He let out a small oof. She continued before he could recover himself. 'Alec will be doing the morning shift and he makes a fine full Irish breakfast so we'd love to.' 'We would?' Declan said doubtfully. 'We would.' Anna responded firmly. 'Breakfast?' Glances were exchanged between Jeremy and Belinda. 'Yes of course, that's fine.' 'Don't you have to be at Ashling's in the morning petal?' Declan said, careful to avoid any more assaults on his ribs. 'Oh that's not until ten, I'll have plenty of time. In fact, I may give her a call and put it back an hour, she won't mind.' Anna said waving a hand dismissively. Noticing the two guests' interest, she leant forward conspiratorially. 'Ashling is teaching me horseback riding.' 'Horseback riding?' Jeremy coughed. 'You're terrified of horses!' 'There's nothing to it, as kids we used to muck about on ponies all the time for the craic. But this one.' Declan pointed a thumb at his wife. 'She wants to learn to do it properly . I say if you get from one end of the ride to the other still on the horse, job done, am I right?' 'That's terribly dangerous Anna, people really hurt themselves, what if you should fall?' Jeremy said, shocked. 'Ah the fallin' off is the easy part, it's the hittin the ground that troubles ya.' Anna said laughingly with a plausible Irish accent. She smiled up at Declan. 'That's ma girl.' He replied with a grin at his own words repeated back to him. Jeremy was still reeling. 'You're right,' Anna explained, noticing Jeremy's dismay. 'I was quite scared as first when Declan arranged for us to go riding on our honeymoon as a surprise, but my pony was so sweet, and it was so much fun, I couldn't help but want to go again.' Jeremy choked, the blood rushing to his face, his eyes bulging. 'Honeymoon?' He gasped. 'Yes?' Anna looked from Belinda's ashen face to Jeremy's purple one. 'Are you alright?' Before realisation dawned. 'Oh my god, you didn't know?' She said, her hand flying to her mouth. 'You've known him six months and you're married!' Jeremy wheezed. 'Technically it was two months before we married but' Declan was cut short by a nudge from Anna. 'Not helping.' She said from the side of her mouth. 'Two TWO!' Jeremy said before he began to hyperventilate. Belinda took a brown paper bag from her purse and handed it to Jeremy, who began to breathe heavily into it. 'I'm sorry, I thought Libby had told you?' Anna said, mortified. Jeremy came up from his bag. 'Libby knew?' 'She was at the wedding, along with my Dad.' Anna added. Jeremy's eyes bulged even more. 'But but Ron wasn't there.' Anna said hurriedly. Declan placed a hand on each of his wife's shoulders and steered her away. 'Now who's not helping.' He said quietly as they left Belinda to deal with things. 'See you for breakfast.'[Chapter 3] Sitting at their table, Jeremy perused the menu. 'What are you having?' Belinda said, looking up. 'I don't know, it'll all taste the same to me anyway, this home-style food always does.' He said dismissively. He gazed over to where Anna was talking to a guest. 'Can you believe she got married?' He said incredulously. 'It would appear she did. I think I might try the coq au vin.' She said, closing her menu. 'It's so not like her.' Jeremy continued, warming to his point. 'This is what I was trying to explain to you. All this' He waved the menu to indicate their surroundings. 'This is just not Anna. She has to plan everything, and as for horseback riding' He pulled a face. 'Perhaps she feels differently away from the constraints of home and career?' Belinda said. 'That's exactly my point, we had the perfect apartment, the perfect jobs, we were happy. There must be some medical explanation, that's all I can think of.' The customer Anna had been talking to began to raise his voice, arms flailing in angry gesticulation. 'Listen, you idiot American bimbo, I told you I am not prepared to wait until nine thirty, I expect me and my family to be seated now, this minute!' 'I'm sorry Sir.' Anna replied, quite calmly but easily audible in the now hushed restaurant. 'As I explained, you have a party of six and no reservation. We are fully booked this evening and unfortunately, I can't fit in such a large party. However, as I offered, I can ask the chef if he is happy to accommodate you on a later sitting.' 'Are you stupid or just really terrible at your job?' The man raged, leaning across the counter. 'There is a table, right there.' He pointed to an empty table. 'We could have been seated by now.' 'You are correct, there is an empty table, which is reserved for a party for eight thirty, they will be seated shortly because they booked in advance.' Anna said firmly holding the man's gaze with a steady one of her own. 'Now you listen to me' The man really was starting to shout. 'This is getting out of hand.' Jeremy said making to rise to his feet. Belinda waved him to be seated and nodded with her head towards the other end of the bar. Declan stood leaning against a pillar, for all intents and purposes, enjoying a pint. He had one ear very firmly on the heated exchange at the other end of the restaurant. 'The owner is a personal friend and you'll be looking for a new job in the morning!' The man was finishing as he towered over her. 'Now, you listen to me.' Anna said so firmly the man actually took a step back. 'I have tried to be accommodating but now you are being just' She hesitated. 'Just downright rude. You do not have a reservation and now you will not be having any dinner at all. I suggest you and your family leave immediately before I have you removed.' She folded her arms. 'And as for your great personal friendship with the owner, as I don't remember seeing you at our wedding I can assume that you are full of' She hesitated again. 'Full of poo. So, I suggest you go now, and please don't hesitate to never come back which sucks for you because our food is amazing.' With much grumbling and urged by his wife the man and his family reluctantly left. Anna wandered to the other end of the bar where Declan was just finishing his drink. 'Someone scuttle out to tell you I was in trouble?' She said, her temper still up. 'No. I came to have a drink.' 'In the middle of the dinner orders?' She said sceptically. 'I was thirsty.' He said with a shrug. 'I could handle it.' She said. 'I didn't say you couldn't.' He replied. 'Ok then.' Anna said moving away. 'Ok then.' Declan moved towards the kitchen. 'Declan?' 'What?' He turned around to find her standing behind him. Reaching up on tip-toes she kissed him on the cheek. 'Thanks.' He grinned briefly before returning to the kitchen. 'For what.' He called over his shoulder. 'Didn't do anything Bob.' Anna, smiling to herself, returned to her post. 'Time to get up.' Anna said, pulling at Declan's arm. His head was buried firmly under the covers and he refused to move. 'Declan!' She said, pulling back the duvet. 'Declan's not here.' He replied, shoving his head under the pillow. 'Well, he'd better be considering the events of last night?' Anna said flopping down on the bed. A very sleepy Declan appeared with a huge grin of remembrance on his face. He stretched, an arm snaking around his wife as he pulled her towards him. She nestled into his shoulder. 'Do you think they're a couple? Maybe a new couple?' Anna mused. 'They're in separate rooms so they obviously haven't got to the sleeping together stage.' 'Look the woman said they're friends, end of.' He added, kissing the top of her head. 'Aren't you curious?' She asked, looking up at him. 'Ugh give me strength.' He muttered. 'What does it matter if they're friends or a couple or nothing at all, it's none of our business unless you're jealous?' He opened an eye. 'Is that it, you're jealous?' 'Of course not.' Anna snapped trying to pull away, but Declan's arm held her tight. 'Mrs O'Brady Callaghan, tell me true. Are you jealous of yon man and whoever that woman is?' Anna leaned up on one elbow, so she could look him in the eye. 'No, I am not jealous.' She said. 'Good,' He replied pulling her back into his embrace. 'So, stop blathering about it and give me five more minutes.' 'I'm afraid Jeremy won't be able to join us for breakfast.' Belinda said smiling as she sat opposite them at the table. Declan turned to Anna and gave her a long stare to indicate his irritation. 'That's ok, it's not like any of us had to get up especially after a really long night.' He said bitterly. 'I'm afraid it was work. His colleague wanted Jeremy's opinion on a procedure and they were going to conference call directly into the theatre.' Belinda explained. 'He could be some time.' 'Of course.' Anna said brightly. 'I'm sure we three can enjoy a nice breakfast together.' 'Speaking of which, I was wondering if I could join you for your horseback riding this morning?' Belinda asked as she poured the coffee. 'Oh.' Anna exclaimed. 'I um well yes of course, if you would like to.' 'I would very much. I imagine it's a wonderful way to see the countryside, do you think your friend would mind?' Anna gave Declan an enquiring look. 'I'm sure she'd would be more than happy to accommodate you. Do you ride yourself?' 'Oh yes.' Belinda said smiling at Declan a little longer than Anna thought appropriate. 'But not for years.' 'I'll give Ashling a call, you'll be grand.' He said, as their meal arrived. Mounted on their ponies, one of the stable girls rode in front as Belinda and Anna rode side by side behind. A few snippets of small talk later, they rode in silence. 'He must be something special?' Belinda asked eventually. 'Declan?' Anna gave a wry smile. 'He's something all right.' Belinda raised an eyebrow. 'But to come all this way, give up everything?' 'I don't really think of it as giving up anything, more gaining everything.' She warmed to her theme, gazing off dreamily into the distance. 'Declan is infuriating, stubborn, difficult, funny, sweet, kind, brave, but in the kind of way that makes you want to be brave too. He's unpredictable, always surprising me and yet no matter what, I know he's always there if I need him.' Realising that she was gushing, Anna blushed. 'You mean like last night?' Anna looked confused before realisation dawned. 'I mean exactly like last night.' 'But he didn't intervene?' Belinda asked. 'He wouldn't.' Anna said with a wave of her hand. 'Not unless he had to. I can stick up for myself. He often says, 'You've got that sharp tongue in your head haven't you woman?' She laughed. 'And of course, I have no problem standing up to him! But if there's a real problem that I can't handle on my own, I know he'll be there to back me up.' Belinda nodded. 'So, what's the story with you and Jeremy.' Anna asked just as their guide turned around in the saddle. 'Are we ready for a trot then ladies?' She said with a smile. Anna's curiosity would have to wait.[Chapter 4] 'You!' The exclamation came from the other end of the corridor. Declan was about to turn around and walk the other way, but he was blowed if he was going to be avoiding someone in his own pub. He folded his arms and waited for the American to reach him 'If it's breakfast you're wanting, you're a bit late, and a bit early for lunch but I could get you a hang sandwich if you wanted.' 'I don't want a sandwich, I want to talk to you.' Jeremy said, ill-advisedly poking a finger into Declan's chest. The later looked at it for a second before batting it away. 'I thought you probably might at some point.' Declan said in resignation. 'What is it you want to know?' 'Did' Jeremy stuttered, 'Did you sleep with Anna?' Declan shrugged a shoulder. 'Well we are married so' Clenching his fists to control his temper, Jeremy tried again. 'I meant before. Did you sleep with Anna when you brought her to Dublin? I want the truth.' Declan rubbed his beard, considering. 'Well, in truth, yes, we slept two nights together and we did share a bed for one of them.' He held a finger in the air. 'However, absolutely nothing happened, well apart from sleep obviously.' 'What!' Jeremy exploded. 'We were stuck in the middle of nowhere, it was pouring with rain, there was one bed in this little b&b; and so we made the best of it, but we were both fully clothed.' He decided to omit the part about their first kiss at the dinner table and the fact that he'd spent most of the night desperately wanting to do it again. 'Nothing happened.' He reiterated. 'You stand there and calmly tell me you shared a bed and expect me to believe it was all perfectly innocent?' Jeremy said. 'I do. It was.' The American stared up at him incredulously, waiting for Declan to say something else, but all he received was a blank expression. 'You honestly expect me to believe that?' Jeremy said eventually. 'Yep, it's the truth.' 'Why would I just accept your word?' Declan rubbed his beard again and took a step forward. 'I don't expect you to take my word, but you do know Anna?' 'I thought I did.' Jeremy pulled out a chair and sat down. 'Now I've a question for you.' Declan said. 'Just what the hell are you doing here? And don't give me any bollocks about not knowing she was here, you knew exactly where she was. Have you come to get her back?' There was no malice in his tone or even concern, it was just a straightforward inquiry. 'I suppose I've come for some answers. I thought I knew exactly who she was, but now?' He shrugged. 'We had this perfect life, just signed for our dream apartment, she loved her job, it was all going exactly to plan, I'd even proposed for god's sake. Then suddenly, there we are at our housewarming party and the fire alarm goes off. Obviously, I'm picking things up and Anna is just standing there, staring around the room like she'd never seen it before. By the time I got downstairs she was nowhere to be seen, and when we finally get allowed back upstairs she'd packed her suitcase and left. I later found out she was even the one who set off the fire alarm!' 'I'm sorry.' Declan said, perching on the edge of the table. 'Believe it or not, I do know how you feel and I am genuinely sorry that happened to you.' 'I just don't get it. We spoke later, on the phone when she was here, and she tried to explain, but I don't think she even gets it.' Jeremy continued. 'What did you pick up?' Declan asked. 'What? When?' 'When the fire alarm went off, what did you save?' He asked. Jeremy made a non-committal face. 'I don't know, laptop, video camera, valuables, that kind of thing.' Declan nodded slowly. 'And Anna, she didn't take anything?' 'No, she went to pack. Why what did she tell you?' 'Nothing. Absolutely nothing at all.' Declan said quickly. He patted Jeremy on the shoulder. 'If its any comfort, I don't think any of us really understand women.' 'This is why I had to come, the only thing I can think of is that's she's had some sort of episode.' Jeremy said. 'I'm sorry, she's had a what?' 'Some kind of episode, a kind of mental breakdown if you will.' Declan stared at him for a second. 'You think she's gone doolally?' 'It's the only reasonable explanation. She had this perfect life and it was just too much for her. Of course, I've always wondered if there might be something in the genes, you've met her father?' Jeremy continued. 'Yes, lovely awl fella but you wouldn't trust him as far as you could throw him.' Declan said. 'Exactly. Anna has always had to work hard and now she'd finally got everything she wanted, her mind must have snapped. That's why I brought Dr Roseburg, she's a psychiatrist.' Declan shook his head slowly. 'You've brought a psychiatrist to assess your ex because she must be mad to have left you?' 'Not exactly.' Jeremy said, getting to his feet. 'Just, well, all of this' He indicated the Carragh, 'It's not the Davenport.' Declan folded his arms, 'That's as may be, and perhaps if it's not to your liking you'd better pack your things and get the hell out of my pub.' 'What? Now I didn't mean any offence' Jeremy began. 'Well lots were taken, you come here, claim my wife's mad, insult my home and you wear ridiculous trousers. I want you and your shrink out, now.' Declan turned to leave. 'If you're so confident Anna is well, why don't you let us stay and prove me wrong.' Jeremey said. Declan stopped. 'There's nothing wrong with her.' 'Then let me prove it. What are you afraid of?' Jeremy goaded. 'I'm not afraid of anything, certainly not you anyway.' Declan replied now facing the American. 'Then let Dr Roseburg finish her assessment.' 'Ok, but on one condition.' 'Name it.' 'You leave straight away and never contact Anna again?' Jeremy nodded. 'Agreed.' Declan spat on his palm and held it towards Jeremy, who eyed it uncertainly. He nodded towards the hand until Jeremy reluctantly shook it. 'You've got until tomorrow afternoon.' Declan said, before striding away. After their conversation, Declan couldn't shake the uneasy feeling. He could never give her expensive things, diamond earrings, the latest expensive gadgets and while he had no doubt he and Anna were mad for each other, and she seemed happy and more importantly sane, with the arrival of her former fianc, would she remember how perfect her life had been, and how would the one she had now measure up? 'Why don't you tell me about your father?' Belinda asked as the girls walked back to the Carragh from the stables. 'Daddy, what about him?' Anna asked, confused. 'Jeremy mentioned you had a difficult relationship?' Belinda said with a small smile. 'Daddy is Daddy. He's not perfect but then none of us are.' Anna replied. 'You never did tell me about you and Jeremy?' 'We're friends.' Belinda said smartly. 'How is your relationship with your father, how does he like Declan for example?' 'They get along fine. Believe it or not, when Declan wants to, he can charm the birds out of the trees. Daddy, of course, has always thought he could do the same, with much less success. While he was here he was trying to give Declan all kinds of business ideas and opportunities, all of which Declan listened to patiently, but I know he wouldn't give him a dime.' Anna said fondly. 'You don't think Declan and your father are similar?' Belinda asked. 'Not in the slightest.' Anna laughed. 'I know Declan's children will never have to make money to pay the bills, they will always be able to rely on their father.' She finished firmly. 'You and Declan are planning on having children?' Belinda asked. A deep blush rose from Anna's shirt, burning to the root of her red hair. She brought a hand to her mouth as if to stuff the words back in. 'I I mean we haven't really discussed anything yet, I suppose I thought we would have them kind of planned it, maybe and boy and a girl.' She floundered. 'Please don't tell him I said anything.' They'd reached the front door, Anna's hand rested on the handle. 'You're afraid of his reaction?' The psychiatrist said, raising her eyebrows. 'No, not at all. I would just rather bring it up with him myself when he's in a good mood.' She said smiling and pushed the door open. Judging by the noise coming from the kitchen, that time would not be now. Iain, the waiter, came out of the kitchen at a run, nearly colliding with the two women. 'What on earth is going on?' Anna asked. 'I wouldn't go in there missus.' He said, scampering off like a frightened mouse. 'Excuse me.' Anna said to Belinda before heading towards the commotion. Entering the kitchen, there was an obvious ceasefire for the moment, Alec looked up, his face full of relief as Anna arrived. 'I'm just going to get the um' He began, obviously stumped for something to say. 'Yes, you do that,' Anna said, ushering him towards the door, meanwhile, Declan was using a cleaver on a shoulder of lamb as if he was murdering it. He looked over his shoulder at the retreating Alec before muttering 'Eejit.' Under his breath. 'What's the matter with you?' Anna asked. 'Nothing's the matter with me, what's the matter with you ?' He snapped. 'I'm fine. Why are you being so testy?' 'It's the beast in me.' He growled. 'What on earth has happened?' She asked, confused. 'I've only been gone a couple of hours.' 'You tell me, how was your morning with Dr Belinda?' 'She's a strange one.' Anna said, 'Really nosy too.' Declan made a sound through his nose that sounded like a snort. 'So what did she want to know?' 'Lot's of things, about Daddy and you and me, I suppose Jeremy put her up to it.' She said with a shrug. 'I suppose he probably did.' Declan said venomously. 'And what was her conclusion?' 'Was she supposed to come to one? Declan, will you talk to me?' Anna said. 'You're in Ireland, we don't talk about all our feelings here, we just take things as they are without over analysing everything!' He said, returning to the lamb. 'Yes, and that's obviously working out great for you. You know where I am when youve finished your tantrum.' She said crossly before turning on her heel and marching away.[Chapter 5] Leaving the kitchen, Anna noticed Alec and Iain lurking behind the bar. She strode towards them as they tried not to meet her eye. 'Which one of you is going to tell me what happened while I was out?' She said sweetly. The two men pointed to each other. Anna sighed. 'Ok, eenie, meanie, minee mo.' Ok Iain, you're up.' She said, her eyebrows raised in question. 'I don't know missus.' The waiter said miserably. 'But there was something?' She said. 'Decco was talking to yer man, then he came back in like a bug had flown up his arse.' Alec cut in suddenly. 'Which man?' Anna asked. 'Yer man, the American one.' Iain said. 'He's not my man but what did the American say to him?' She asked. 'No idea.' Alec said, 'but he weren't happy.' So he'd spoken to Jeremy, she could imagine how well that went. She glanced back towards the kitchen. There was absolutely no point trying to get Declan to talk to her when he was in this mood. Oh well, she'd just have to find out what went on from contestant number two. 'Either of you boys know where the American is at the moment?' 'He went down to the shop in the village.' Alec said. 'Thank you.' She said, determined to go and find him. Dissecting the lamb for the Irish stew had taken some of the sting out of Declan's temper. He still felt uneasy and couldn't quite shake the notion that Jeremy couldn't be trusted. Presumably, the bloody shrink would have completed her assessment by now, especially as she'd spent the whole morning with Anna. He paced the kitchen. It was no good, he was going to have to find out once and for all. Taking off his apron he made his way towards the guest quarters. At the door to Belinda's room, he nearly changed his mind. No, if his heart was going to be broken again he had to know one way or the other. He raised a fist and knocked. When there was no answer after several minutes, he turned to go, just as the door opened. Dr Belinda Roseburg looked surprised at her visitor, but not entirely displeased. 'I'm sorry, I was in the shower.' She said with a smile indicating the flowery silk kimono style dressing gown she wore. 'I'm sorry to disturb you, I can come back later.' Declan said hurriedly. 'Don't be silly, it's not every day I have a tall dark handsome stranger knocking on my door. What can I do for you?' Declan hesitated. 'Look, Jeremy told me everything, how you're here to assess Anna, he thinks she'd gone round the bend.' 'That's one way of putting it certainly.' Belinda said with a short laugh, 'Though we rarely say that to our patients.' 'I just need to know what you're going to tell him.' Declan said. Belinda considered for a moment. 'You'd better come in.' She said, opening the door wider. Anna could see Jeremy in the distance as he came out of the shop. She noticed the way he wiped his hands on a towelette which he then dropped gingerly in a waste bin. He seemed so primped and preened, even first thing in the morning he looked as though he was newly laundered. She had never known him smell of anything other than aftershave, never seen him the remotest bit disheveled, he seemed sterilized. She inhaled, remembering waking up to the male aroma coming from Declan. She'd once accused him of smelling, simply because, in her world, men reeked of paco rabanne or jean paul gautier, it made her smile, now she couldn't imagine anything sexier than Declan au naturel. 'Anna!' Jeremy said spotting her. He speeded up his walk, reminding Anna of a well-dressed duck. 'Jeremy.' 'Did you come to meet me. Look sorry I couldn't make this morning, Bill needed a consult.' He was already taking his phone out of his pocket. Anna put her hands up, turning her face away. 'I don't need to see it thank you.' With a shrug, he put the device away. 'I came to see if there was something to eat.' He said indicating the shop. 'Do you know they don't even have an organic section?' He said shaking his head. 'I asked and the man looked at me as if I'd asked for the moon.' 'All the produce is organic, it comes from local farms.' Anna said. 'Anyway, if you were hungry you could have ordered something at the pub.' 'Hmmm, I'm not sure what that chef would put in it.' Jeremy said pulling a face. 'Don't be ridiculous. Much as Declan might not like you, he's too proud of his food to contaminate it.' She said indignantly. 'Speaking of which, you had a little chat with Declan earlier?' 'Oh, he told you, did he? Well, I suppose it doesn't matter now, the results will be in soon enough and I'm quietly confident I will be proved right.' Jeremy said with a smug smile on his face. 'Results, what results?' Anna asked. There was a bench, she sat down. Jeremy peered at the seat next to her before eventually taking a handkerchief out of his pocket, carefully spreading it out before sitting himself. 'What results? Anna said again. Jeremy took her hand in both of his and gazed earnestly into her face. 'Sweetie, you've been very sick.' She snatched her hand back. 'Don't be silly, I'm fine.' Placing a fist next to his mouth, Jeremy closed his eyes for a moment before continuing. 'Now this might be hard to hear but, I believe you've had some kind of nervous breakdown.' Anna opened her mouth to speak, but he continued. 'You must admit, you've not been yourself. Things you've done are so extreme and out of character. It's not like you. I can only imagine that the excitement of the Davenport and getting engaged was just too much for you, too overwhelming, and I understand that.' 'You do, do you? Anna said icily. 'But don't worry sweetie, we're going to get you some help. Dr Roseburg will have completed her assessment and will give us the findings later on today, we can then start to get you the help you need and I'm sure we can find a sympathetic judge to get this marriage nonsense sorted out, after all, you weren't in your right mind.' He tapped a finger against his lips in thought. 'There might even be criminal proceedings.' 'What the' Anna began. 'You think I've gone mad!' 'Not mad sweetie' 'Don't call me that!' Anna got to her feet. 'And you said this to Declan, you told him I only married him because I was insane?' She paced up and down, her voice getting higher with each circuit. 'Well I obviously didn't tell him the last part, I didn't want him to punch me in the nose.' Jeremy said with a smirk. Anna stood in front of him, bristling with fury staring at his smug face. She didn't know where it came from but suddenly her right hand was balled into a fist and traveling towards Jeremy's face where it connected with a satisfying crunch. 'Ow!' He howled as his hands flew to his injured nose. 'That's for every interrupted dinner.' She began, hopping from foot to foot with adrenalin, 'and for every cancelled date, and for every photograph of people's insides, and for being rude about my father but mostly for telling the man I love I only married him because I'd lost my marbles!' She finished with a stamp. 'You punched me!' Jeremy said nasally. 'And if you're still here by the time I get back, I'll do it again.' She snapped before almost running back to the Carragh. 'Where's Declan?' Anna said, bursting into the kitchen. Alec shrugged. 'Dunno missus.' 'He was heading up to the guest bedrooms.' Iain said helpfully. Barely pausing for breath Anna hurried up the stairs, just as the door to Belinda's room opened and Declan stepped out. 'Thanks Belinda.' Declan said. 'Was glad I could be of service.' She replied, folding her arms around her dressing gown. 'What on earth!' Anna exclaimed glancing back and forth between the two of them. 'Anna.' Declan said in delight before suddenly realising what she was seeing. 'This is absolutely not what it looks like.' He added, now in horror. 'It looks like you're coming out of a half-dressed woman's room.' Anna said incredulously. 'Ok then it is what it looks like, but it's definitely not what you think.' He said, approaching her slowly. 'You son of a' She began before bursting into tears, turning tail and running back down the hall. 'Excuse me.' Declan said to Belinda before taking off after her. He caught her at the bottom of the stairs. 'Will you stand still a minute and let me explain.' He said as he struggled to get a grasp on her. 'How could you.' She said through tears. 'I couldn't, well I obviously could, but I didn't, I wouldn't' He said, narrowly avoiding an elbow as it swung past his head. 'Let go of me.' She said. 'No, not until you've listened to me, you big eejit, will you stop wriggling woman!' He said in exasperation. Finally beginning to tire Anna stopped. 'You have one minute.' She sniffed. Declan took a deep breath and placed a hand on each of her shoulders. 'Jeremy thinks you're doolally and hired the Dr to poke about in your head and see if you are. Personally, I think that ship has sailed.' He added. Anna raised an eyebrow in warning. 'Ok, ok. I didn't really know what to think, except I knew you were normal, well normal for you, but I didn't trust germy not to fake the results so I went to see Belinda myself just to see what she was going to tell him.' He gabbled. 'She just happened to have gotten out of the shower after your ride but I didn't really notice that because I was too worried about you.' He gave a big toothy, hopeful grin. Anna's eyes narrowed. 'And assuming I believe you, which I'm not sure I do, what were her conclusions?' 'You're fine.' He said holding his hands out. 'I know.' She said. 'You know?' 'Jeremy told me about Belinda, I punched him in the nose.' She said, wiping her eyes. 'Fair play that woman.' Declan said, impressed. 'You swear you weren't doing anything else with Belinda?' Anna said, sniffing. 'Cross my heart and hope to die.' Declan said, drawing a big cross on himself to demonstrate. Reluctantly Anna allowed herself to be drawn into his arms, her own eventually circling his waist as he bent to kiss her. It seemed an eternity before they finally broke apart. 'Ugh that was a horrible feeling.' Anna said as she rested her forehead against his. 'Were you jealous Bob?' He asked innocently. 'Of course I was jealous you big eejit!' She said slapping him on the chest. 'It may be petty, but I thoroughly enjoyed giving your man his marching orders today.' Declan said. Anna was changing in their room and he lay back on the bed watching her, hands behind his head. 'Especially with his nose like a watermelon.' He sniggered. 'I do wish you wouldn't call him that.' She said snippily before eyeing her husband suspiciously. 'But he did deserve it.' Anna crossed to the bed and sat down. 'Do take your boots off the bed.' With a sigh, Declan sat up, his feet on the floor. 'I suppose I can't blame him for thinking you'd gone round the twist, you had everything, money, perfect life, perfect everything and you skipped out on it all for this.' He indicated the room. Anna bowed her head, her hands clenched in her lap. 'And you're thinking I might do it again.' She said quietly. Placing a finger under her chin and raised her head. 'Like you said, you had everything you ever wanted, but they were just things. I'll never be able to give you that so I just want to be sure you're happy, you still feel you made the right choice.' Anna scrunched her nose. 'It was as though my eyes were suddenly opened. I realised that this was going to be my life, beautiful apartment, gorgeous dinner parties and expensive things.' 'Doesn't sound too terrible.' Declan said with a small smile. 'Perhaps I'll leave you here and go and marry Jeremy myself.' Anna placed a hand on his cheek. 'It was going to be my life, wonderful as it was, but missing one very important piece, it didn't have you in it.' Leaning forward she pressed her lips to his, a kiss which was immediately reciprocated. As they parted she rested her forehead against his. 'I realised that all the things in the world didn't matter, as long as I could be with you.' 'Oh.' He said smiling, 'I think I can tolerate you a bit longer.' 'That's good, best we get started painting the nursery.' She said with a nervous smile. 'Definately.' Declan replied before his brain caught up with his ears. 'Wait, what?' ","Summary":" Declan O'Callaghan pried the lid from the top of the paint can and scratched his head. 'What colour"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Almost The Same","Author":"autumnrose2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7549874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This didn't really happen, I know, but since Will had his fling with Viola, I thought that his wife deserved to have some fun of her own... \"You do know that the time you spend with me is sheer foolishness, and that you would be wiser to attach yourself to one who is in the bloom of youth, one who can give you children.\" Dawn was just beginning to break on this lovely morning in Stratford-on-Avon. The children were still asleep, and Anne lay with her head on Gilbert's shoulder, her arm loosely slung across his abdomen, a sheet only partially concealing their nakedness. He was ten years her junior. When she had first come of marriageable age, he had barely been weaned. \"But I don't want a woman in the bloom of youth. I want you.\" Gilbert gently tilted her chin up so that he could look directly into her eyes. \"You know as well as I that you can never truly have me, not as long as Will yet lives.\" \"If not for the fact that my brother is two years older than I...\" Anne felt his frustration and pitied him as she also desired him. They both knew that firstborn sons were wed first, just as the firstborn daughters of those prematurely departed from this world put their own lives on hold to finish raising their younger brothers and sisters. Besides, Susanna had already been on the way. Gilbert had been but sixteen, the down on his chin only just beginning to turn to stubble. \"Alone in London, Will is a free man. As you know, he has his dalliances.\" \"It's the way of men. It's only to be expected.\" \"Yet it hurts you, nonetheless.\" She didn't say anything. \"If only it were I who was wed to you, I would never let you out of my sight for one day, never mind many months at a time.\" \"I know that, dear Gilbert.\" Her finger lightly traced patterns on his bare chest. In the quiet stillness of the morning, it was easy, very easy, to imagine that she was in the embrace of her husband rather than that of her brother-in-law. Gilbert's touch, his kiss, his caress, were almost the same as Will's. Almost the same. Gilbert wondered whether he would ever regret never having married, never having sired children of his own. Although he loved his nieces and nephew dearly, the idea of Anne's belly swollen with his own child filled him with longing. The two of them lay together, peacefully content, yet knowing that this blissful time together must come to an end soon, that the children would soon be awakening. Susanna and the twins, Hamnet and Judith, were blissfully unaware of the true nature of the relationship between their mother and their uncle, and it must remain that way, for some day, eventually, their father would return home. ","Summary":" A/N: This didn't really happen, I know, but since Will had his fling with Viola, I thought that his"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Ending Worse Than Anyone Planned","Author":"Waterwolfwritter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9252534","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In case you haven't seen the movie, the fact are not that historical accurate and it kinda has creative liberties Those same liberties were taken here. XxXxX Will just looked down at the letter in his hand. It was addressed to Romeo from sir Thomas Kent. It had just arrived. It was just so weird \"Are you ready Mister Shakespeare?\" asked a boy who was helping with his latest play. \"Yes.\" he said He walked on to the stage. It was the first time that the twelfth night. He was just about to deliver the first line when his eyes fell upon his wife. He locked eyes with her for a split second and delivered his first line. XxXxXx \"I have a letter for you Mister Shakespeare.\" said the boy from earlier \"From who?\" Will asked \"Ann.\" said the boy handing him the letter. \"What is your name boy?\" asked Will \"Lawrence.\" \"How would you like to run a letter to Ann for me?\" said Will \"Any thing for such a great play write. One day I want to play a part in every play you have ever written.\" said Lawrence \"A shilling and that will be all. Sucking up will not increase your chances of a tip.\" said Will \"Ok.\" said Lawrence a little disappointed XxXxXx Ann opened her letter from her husband. Does this mean I can come home? Or do you still thing of me as a burden? You can fetch me anytime. You know of where I am as you always have. Will XxXxXx Will opened his letter from Viola. My dearest Romeo, I have the most wonderful news. My husband has fallen ill. They say he will not last long. I sent word to my father. I should be there within a month of this reaching you. Your Love, Viola Will almost sang with happiness. Then Will opened the letter from his wife and almost melted away with sadness. William, You wrote the best play in years. Your new muse seems to work great for you. She must be wonderful for you to write in such a way. Your son has died. His funeral will be in two days time. You are welcome to say your good byes to him. He was your son as much as mine. The girls are fine. I have our first almost married to a man. If you would like to meet him, he will be at the funeral. Ann His only son was gone. Yet his only love was coming back. XxXxXx Will met the man trying to marry his oldest daughter. He found nothing wrong with the man himself. \"Do you love him?\" Will asked her. \"No.\" his daughter answered \"You will not marry him.\" Will said and she did not. XxXxXx Viola knocked on his door a month later. She was a little bigger than normal. \"I lost my only son.\" he said \"You might receive a new one.\" said Viola \"Ann would never touch me again.\" said Will \"I never said she would be the mother of that child.\" said Viola XxXxXx Will watched his son being raised by stranger. His son bore the name of Wessex. His son was being raised by the Wessex family. They claimed that Viola should surrender her son to them because they lost their son. The queen allowed it. She said that the only person who should object would be the father of the child. Which Shakespeare could do nothing about with destroying Viola's reputation XxXxXx Viola married Tilney, the man that fathered all of Rosaline 's children. She was sold like property again to him. Viola had Will's last son. She died giving birth to him. Tilney raised him thinking the child was his. Rosaline's husband died. She married Tilney and lived Happily Ever After. Will just wanted to curl up and die. Instead he wrote Hamlet and Macbeth. He lived and saw the only children he could claim as his own marry people they loved. It was the only thing that he could make end happy. He never returned to his wife and never had any say in what happened to his sons. XxXxXx His daughters buried Will next to Viola. They knew he loved her. That was the only way they could repay him for his only kindness to allow them to marry out of love. XxXxX Written quickly. I wanted happy but it turned out sad. Hopefully next one will be happier. ","Summary":" In case you haven't seen the movie, the fact are not that historical accurate and it kinda has crea"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Lovers Torn","Author":"LostOrchids","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2920004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lovers Torn Based on a true forbidden love A man so valiantly placed A woman so deridingly chaste Duty called them to be who they have become Honor prevented them from making a run No one expected their courtship to prove A love deeper than what passion could move It started with a smile of the lips This led to a secret and stolen kiss One of them promised to a man of worthy status The other his friend driven to this madness Only time would tell what would become of it And how will the young lovers make of it? Such innocence and beauty had been found In a place where chaos had been sound Torrid kisses reigned heavily in this dream In community nothing could be seemed Though the obsession started becoming great It would be decided how it ended by fate Now it had become out of hand Making love throughout passages in the land A simple look could not go denied No matter how hard they fought or tried Their love had become a scandalous affair That threatens to rip apart the city's care The man knows his love for her is everlasting The woman has no love for anyone but her man of passion Though their love is strong It would never lasted forever or that long One choice all that remains And it brings them the worst of pain His goodbye was fervent and long Her goodbyes soiled with tears of wrong With one stroke she took her life Along with her love, he ends his strife Only one lesson can be learned from this It's never over, but it started with one kiss Author's Notes/Comments: This is a prelude to my novel that I will be coming out with soon. Though, it reflects much of the story of Tristan & Isolde or Romeo & Juliet, much of the passion that went into writing this are past experiences or myself or close friends. The novel will be a different kind of love story, so please stayed tuned and hopefully, I will find more inspiration to write more. ","Summary":" Lovers Torn Based on a true forbidden love A man so valiantly placed A woman so deridingly chaste D"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Life Changes in a Heartbeat","Author":"girl with the far away eyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3955192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dearest Viola, I know I promised to write you, but I have been held up by...other affairs. I hope this letter finds you healthy and very much happy with your new husband. Will Shakespeare Viola closed the letter, holding back tears. \"Are you alright, dear? Viola?\" Wessex put his hands on Violas shoulders and looked at her concerned. Viola didn't fall for his act. She wiped the escaped tears away and walked outside. She was standing on a balcony, like the one back at the Lesseps estate. That was where she had first spoken to Will. She shook her head. She wouldn't think of him right now. She fought with her thoughts until her nurse came out to get her. \"Are you alright Viola?\" Viola nodded and let the nurse take her back inside. The band was playing a slow classical song. Wessex took her arm and dragged her onto the dance floor. He pulled her close to him and whispered, \"Don't do this here, Viola.\" Viola normally would have retorted, but the look on her nurses face refrained her from answering. She was silent for the rest of party. When she got home, she left Wessex in the library and wrote a reply to Will: Will, I also have been busy here. Mostly keeping house. There is no theater, so it is rather dull. Wessex has kept me from going to church on Sundays, so I no longer have somewhere to turn to for comfort. There are no maids here, so I content myself with talking to Nurse. I long for you everyday. Yours always, Viola De Lesseps Viola got up early the next morning to give it to the young paper boy, before Wessex could wake up. She waited in the kitchen for him, so she could start breakfast. He came in and sat down in his favorite chair at the head of the table. \"Did you get my mail Viola?\" he asked. Viola's heart sank. She had forgotten to get the mail from the door. She shook her head. \"Well then don't just sit there, go get it.!\" Viola went to get the mail at the door. There was a few letters for Wessex, one for her nurse, and one from Will again. She stuffed the letter from Will and her nurses in her bodice and rushed back to the kitchen. She handed the letters to Wessex who didn't thank her, and sat back down. Wessex took his time reading the letters, which greatly annoyed Viola. She wanted to be alone so she could pass along the letter to her nurse and most of all, read Will's latest letter. Finally Wessex finished the letters and called Nurse for breakfast. Nurse brought out apples, pears, peaches, mango's, and plums. There was only water to drink. Viola didn't touch her food. \"Are you not hungry or are you just angry?\" Wessex asked setting down the napkin he had just wiped his face with. \"I am not hungry. May I go to my room now?\" \"You may go to our room now.\" \"Yes. May I please.\" Viola stood up and exited the kitchen. The walk up the stairs to her room was a very long one. the stairs were cold enough to gnaw through to her feet. The bedroom was cold and gloomy, but at the moment, it was all that Viola had to call home. She silently tip toed to her bedside counter and opened the cabinet. inside there was a small box with beautiful carvings and drawings on it. She took it out and opened it. There was a letter inside addressed to her. It was the first letter that Will had ever written to her while she was married. Dearest Viola, It has been 2 tortuous weeks without you. I do not know how much longer I can stand this separation. I love you with all my heart, and I can not see you with any man besides me. I will find some way to get you back my sweet. But until then, you have my heart. Will Viola slowly put the letter back in the box and sat down on her bed. There was no way that Will could ever some save her from the life she was being forced to live, and she knew it. All she could do was hope that Wessex didn't find out about Will's communication with Viola, or else Will would be killed for sure. There was a small knock at the door. \"Miss Viola? May I come it?\" \"Yes.\" a little girl poked her head around the door and smiled. \"Miss Viola, I lost my first tooth!\" The tiny girl ran to Viola and opened her fist to show the tooth. It was one of her front teeth. \"Oh Mary! That's wonderful. You must make sure to put it under your pillow like a good little girl, you might get a surprise.\" \"Really?\" Mary looked excited. \"What is the surprise?\" \"If I told you it wouldn't be a surprise now would it.\" Viola smiled. Mary always made everything better when Viola was in a sad mood. The door opened again and the nurse came in. \"Mary! Child you musent go running off like that, you scared me 'alf to death. Oh, hello Mrs. Viola.\" \"Nurse, I told you. Just Viola. None of this Mrs. Please.\" \"Masters orders. I will get in trouble if I do not call you that.\" \"Nurse, he is not even in the room. Please call me Viola. It will make me much more happy.\" Viola picked up little Mary and sat her on her lap. 'Mary, child, your hair is a mess. What have you been up to.\" Mary just giggled. \"Come now Mary, you have to help me peel onions for dinner tonight. Come child.\" Nurse grabbed hold of Marys hand and pulled her off the bed. Mary followed her dismally. Before she went around the corner into the hall, she looked back at Viola. Viola smiled and winked at her and Mary grinned. Then she was gone. Viola took up the box that was still lying on her bed and put it back in the bedside cabinet. It would be a while until she could look at it again, but of coarse, she did not know that yet, for this story is only just beginning. ","Summary":" Dearest Viola, I know I promised to write you, but I have been held up by...other affairs. I hope t"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Will & Viola","Author":"gala-granger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2289842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tras cinco aos en Virginia, lord Wessex y Viola de Lesseps vuelven a Londres. Se quedaran allrnpor un tiempo en la casa de los padres de Viola. Al llegar a la casa se reparten besos y regalos en medio de una confusin. Viola va a saludar arnsu nodriza. sta le cuenta lo que ha sucedido en la casa en ese tiempo, y por supuesto, le rncuenta que se dice que desde la partida de Viola, Will Shakespeare no ha visto a mujer alguna, rnpero ha escrito muchas obras y todas para ella. Al escuchar sto, a Viola la inunda una rnfelicidad incontrolable. Sus viejos recuerdos vuelven a ella. Ese deseo de verlo a Will era lo rnque la mantena bien todos los das que haba pasado en Virginia. Un fuego dentro suyo arda rnconstantemente y nada iba a poder apagarlo hasta que viera el rostro del poeta. Mientras Viola hablaba con su nodriza, Wessex hablaba con el padre de Viola. Wessex estaba muy rnfeliz por haber recuperado su fortuna, pero Viola no le haba dado hijo alguno para que la rnheredara. El padre de Viola le haba dicho que si no le resultaba til, se la devolviera. Y esornfue lo que Wessex hizo. Por supuesto que fue desterrado de Londres y debi proseguir solo. Viola simulaba estar triste por el abandono, pero en su interior saltaba de alegria. Ahora podarnvolver a los brazos de su verdadero amado, a los brazos de Will Shakespeare. E igual que ahora, la noticia del abandono fluy rpida como el ro de boca en boca hasta que lleg a los odos rnde Will. ste se senta agonizar desde que Viola haba dejado Londres, pero la noticia lo volvirna la vida y sinti que renaca de entre las llamas. Viola fue a ver al poeta que alentaba sus das y lo encontr en medio de un lo de papeles y rntinta. -Nos volvemos a ver despus de todo -dijo ella alegremente. -Luego de tanto tiempo en el que sent que mora -dijo l. -Pero en un perodo en el que las palabras fluyeron como un ro, en el que la torre de tu rnimaginacin fue reconstruda a partir de las ruinas. -Simplemente pensaba en mi musa y eso me inspiraba. -Y quin es esa musa tuya? -Es la ms bella de las mujeres y la nica que ha logrado engaarme, haciendose pasar por un rnactor. Se abrazaron fuertemente. Se miraron a los ojos y se besaron. -En todo este tiempo lo nico que me mantena viva era el pensar en el poeta que capturo mi rncorazn. -En todo este tiempo lo nico que me mantuvo vivo fue el pensar que mi musa estaba conmigo, que rnaunque lejos se hubiese ido, ella segua conmigo. Los dos estaban muy felices de poder estar juntos de vuelta. Ninguno iba a dejar que nada los rndetuviera, esta vez se iban a casar. Aunque slo haba un pequeo problema: Viola no se poda rncasar sin el permiso de su padre. Pero con o sin permiso, la pareja estaba dispuesta a casarse. -Amado padre, amada madre -salud Viola. -Hija nuestraqu deseas? -habl el padre. -Deseo casarme -contest Viola. -Entonces buscaremos al joven correcto para ti -observ la madre. -No, deseo casarme con un joven al que amo -habl Viola. -Y quin es ese joven al que dices amar? -pregunt el padre intrigado. -William Shakespeare, el poeta que conquist mi corazn -respondi Viola. -William ShakespeareEl escritor? El no es digno de una dama como mi hija -reproch la madre. -Pero yo lo amo y hara cualquier cosa para unirme en sagrado matrimonio con el -se defendi rnViola. -Hija ma, no creo que ese poeta del que hablas sea lo mejor para ti -argument el padre. -Aunque no parezca, yo me quiero casar por amor, no por conveniencia -dijo Viola perdiendo la rnpaciencia. -No sabe lo que dice! Todava est mal por el abandono de su esposo -la madre casi se desmaya. -Nada de eso, madre, yo slo vine a avisarles que me voy a casar con William Shakespeare, el rnhombre que conquist mi corazn. -Bien, si eso es lo que quieres, como jefe de esta familia no te dejo salir de este, tu hogar. rnSi intentas escapar, sabras lo que es la ira de tu padre. Viola sali llorando de la habitacin en donde haba estada hablando con sus padres. Su nodrizarnla condujo a su habitacin y trat de calmarla. Esa misma noche, Will fue a visitarla. Viola le cont lo sucedido. Will decidi que deban rnescapar a su casa. Viola junt unas ropas y juntos bajaron silenciosamente por el balcn. rnCruzaron el ro y se dirigieron a la casa de Will. ste le cedi su cama a la frgil dama, rnmientras que el mismo se acost en suelo. A la maana siguiente se vistieron con ropas de fiesta y se dirigieron hacia la iglesia. Al rnllegar encontraron a los padres de Viola. stos se haban percatado de la huda de su hija y se rnhaban dirigido a donde creyeron que iba a ir su hija y ese tal William Shakespeare. -Conque usted es el que ha conquistado el delicado corazn de mi hija que ha sido herido -lo rndesafi el padre de Viola. -Yo slo me enamor de ella y la segu en su juego de amor hasta el fin -respondi Will sin rntomar el desafio. -l fue el que me enamor y el que me hizo creer en que el amor existe -dijo a su vez Viola. -Veo que ambos estn perdidamente enamorados y vestidos para la ocasin, as que no me queda msrnremedio que dejarlos unirse en matrimonio, pero si le llegas a ser infiel, las vas a pagar -dijornel padre sin dar ms vueltas. Se casaron y finalmente pudieron unirse para siempre y vivir felices. FinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfinfiN Aunque sea un poco corta, espero que les haya gustado mi continuacin a la maravillosa pelcula rnque es \"Shakespeare Apasionado\". Quiero contarles algo que me ocurri luego de haberla visto. Yornera muy pequea y la noche despus de haberla visto en la tele so que Viola y Will trataban dernjuntarse en una pasarela de madera armada en medio del mar cristalino. Corran el uno hacia el rnotro, pero no se podan agarrar: lord Wessex los separaba. Finalmente ambos lo arrojaban al mar rny lograban abrazarse. Es algo extrao pero realmente me sucedi. Gracias por haber llegado hastarnac (jejejeje). Gala-Granger ","Summary":" Tras cinco aos en Virginia, lord Wessex y Viola de Lesseps vuelven a Londres. Se quedaran allrnpo"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Viola's Heart","Author":"PurpleIvy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7522551","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing of Shakespeare in Love. Viola stood near where the queen had exited the theatre. Hearing Lord Wessex voice the question that had been plaguing her. How was this to end? The dalliance that never should have been. She loved Will, he belonged to another and she newly wed to Wessex. \"As Stories must when love's denied: with tears and a journey,\" the Queen spoke her final ruling on the matter. Viola's heart starting to break she tried to hold back her tears. How was she to leave? Her heart left behind in England her body transported to Virginia, with a man she loathed? The queen had continued on. While she in her reverie, was commanded to give Will his prize, the wager on true love. How fitting. Her hand used to deliver the final blow to her heart. She ran to seek him out, yearning to be in his presence again, feel the light of love left between them before she was torn away. Her set to sail on the ocean of abandon with the mourning tide. Their final words brief, of never aging love her hand clasped in his dark curls, feeling the fissure of her heart finally tear beyond repair she ran from him while her legs would still carry her. The agony of their love would forever be seared in her mind. His soul broken shown through his eyes, would gradually destroy the strength of hers. ","Summary":" I own nothing of Shakespeare in Love. Viola stood near where the queen had exited the theatre. Hear"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Sonnet 36","Author":"Phantoms Little Lotte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3691827","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: After watching Shakespeare in Love, I became very interested in Shakespearehis life and his writing and all of that. I had read several plays by him before, but never really realized how beautiful they were until I had seen them acted out. I went to a book store and bought a book of sonnets, and when I arrived at Sonnet 36, I couldn't help but think how completely perfect it was in relation to SiL. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own the characters from Shakespeare in Love, nor do I own Shakespeare's 36th sonnet. A comedy. The Queen wanted a comedy? Will Shakespeare tore up his latest attempt at anything humorous and sat back in his chair, defeated. Impossible. How could he write anything with even a tinge of humor after the woman he loved and adored-- -- his muse-- -- was gone? How could he write anything without thinking of his beloved Viola De Lesseps? She was his essence, his Juliet, his Aphrodite. His reason for living. He gazed down at the ink stained paper below him and winced. Though it wasn't terrible , it would never do. Kit Marlowe, God rest his soul, would've spat on the paper had he read it. He banged his fist on the table and ran a hand through his short hair. Letting out an exasperated sigh, he let his mind wander back to his Viola. How she had to leave and how, no matter how many times he had said goodbye, it would never do. He would've given anything for her to stay with him forever, to hold her in his arms and to stroke her golden hair. No one, not even himself, had captured the emotions of his Romeo as Viola had on the stage of the Rose. Crumpling up the paper in front of him yet again, he pulled out a fresh sheet and began to write. ' Forget The Queen', he thought bitterly. 'She can wait.' He wasn't scribbling a comedy or a tragedy, but a sonnet. Tears fell from his hazel eyes and he dabbed them quickly before they smeared the ink. As his thoughts came to close, he let the quill fall, ink splattering on the table and on his tired hands and wrists. Reading over what he had written, he held a beaten hand over his heart and clutched to his tunic. It was unlike any sonnet he had written before. It wasn't sugary sweet or glazed with lies of 'true love' or 'happy endings'. It was realand for the heart-broken playwright, it was the most tragic thing he had ever produced. 36 Let me confess that we two must be twain, Although our undivided loves are one: So shall those blots that do with me remain, Without thy help, by me be borne alone. In our two loves there is but one respect, Though in our lives a separable spite, Which though it alter not love's sole effect, Yet doth it steal sweet hours from love's delight. I may not evermore acknowledge thee, Lest my bewailed guilt should do thee shame, Nor thou with public kindness honour me, Unless thou take that honour from thy name: But do not so, I love thee in such sort, As thou being mine, mine is thy good report. ","Summary":" A/N: After watching Shakespeare in Love, I became very interested in Shakespearehis life and his w"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Write Me Well","Author":"cj.chrisjames.zc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12816147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A shakesperean sonnet from the perspective of Viola de Lesspes to Willian Shakespeare Write Me Well I knew all the words to your work by heart I speak it with much truth and honesty I have always understood your from of art Being your lover is my profecy The river constantly dividing us As Thomas Kent my heart belongs to you But us being together musn't last As Viola our affair can't be true You have promised me immortality So write me well my love remember me It all ends well but it's still a mystery I know for sure there'll always be we Thou wilt ne'er age for me nor fade nor die I'm s'rry mine own love but this is goodbye ","Summary":" A shakesperean sonnet from the perspective of Viola de Lesspes to Willian Shakespeare Write Me Well"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Tristan and Isolde","Author":"Elikolani07","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2986124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey its my first fan fiction that I had a chance too post. I love too here feed back. Be gentle. Thanks I wanted too write a different ending too the story of the movie. I just didn't like how it ended in that way. Enjoy! \"Tristan, please don't die hear not tonight,\" Isolde kisses him on the lips passionately. 'I never believed love a - at first sight until I saw you! I loved you since,\" Tristan replies as he gasps for air. , Isolde leans over and whispers in Tristans ear, \"I didn't get a chance too tell you but I've got a child growing in my belly. Please don't leave me. Please! Tristan eyes grew wider, 'Keep our child safe.\" \"No. No Tristan!\" Isolde screams as she weeps. Bragnae runs over and comforts Isolde. Than she kneels down by Tristan saying goodbye placing her hand on his chest. 'Isolde quickly he's still alive,\" Bragnae yells as she raises her head from Tristans chest. Isolde looks around her than goes down by the stream. She cups her hand and gathers water. . She than opens Tristans mouths and pours it in and does it over and over. Bragnae standing over them. \"Its no use. I'm sorry Isolde,\" Bragnae puts her hand on isoldes shoulder \"you have to let him be with god now. \"It's his time,\" Bragnae says as she turns away. \"You need to rest.\" Isoldes turns around and see Bragnae walking slowly back too the castle. She than kneels down besides Tristan and lies next too him on the cold ground. Places her hand over his bloody wound too apply pleasure. Her body becomes numb and falls asleep huddle closely too him Bragnae runs over and comforts Isolde. Than she kneels down by Tristan saying goodbye placing her hand on his chest. 'Isolde quickly he's still alive,\" Bragnae yells as she raises her head from Tristans chest. Isolde looks around her than goes down by the stream. She cups her hand and gathers water. . She than opens Tristans mouth and pours it in and does it over and over. Bragnae standing over them. \"Its no use. I'm sorry Isolde,\" Bragnae puts her hand on isoldes shoulder \"you have to let him be with god now. \"It's his time,\" Bragnae says as she turns away. \"You need to rest.\" Isoldes turns around and see Bragnae walking slowly back too the castle. She than kneels down besides Tristan and lies next too him on the cold ground. Places her hand over his bloody wound too apply peasure. Her body becomes numb and falls asleep huddle closely too him. The next morning arrives and there's a breeze that awakens Isolde. She opens her eyes than sits up and brushes her hair out of the way of her face. She than stops and looks at her hand which his half covered with dry blood. Exhausted she looks over and sees Tristan dead. Scared she pushes herself back from the body and starts too silently weep too herself with her head in her knees. I can't believe this is happening. Isolde ponders too herself in disbelief. The Child inside and what is too become. Tristan never had the chance too see what's growing in my belly. Than she feels some movement on her elbow. She takes her head from her knees and turns toward to the feeling. \"Isolde, I - I couldn't leave this earth w/ out you. I needed to know you were all right,\" Dazed and still delusional Tristan mutters. No I must be dreaming I swore he was dead. Isolde replies too herself. She closes her eyes and re opens them. He's alive. Isolde can barely keep her composure and can barely speak. \"Before god took me I saw this bright light and our baby, I couldn't let go Isolde.\" \"I love you,\" Isolde announces as she kisses him passionately on his chapped lips. Tristan takes Isolde's hand and they both help each other stand up. Isolde bends over in a bit of a pain. \"Are you all right?\" Tristan puzzled look as he holds Isolde by her arm. Helping her keep her balance. Isolde stands back up straight, \"It's our child,\" A tear of joy streams down her face. Tristan places his hand on her stomach, \"Our baby is kicking,\" Tristan replies grinning from ear too ear. He than takes his hand and places it softly on Isoldes face, kissing her softly. Meanwhile at the castle Lorde Marke is pacing back and forth. Than he goes into the eatery room. \"Bragnae, where's Isolde, \" He asks in an un patient tone of voice. \"I'm not sure, Where she's about I haven't seen her,\" studders Bragnae. \"Find her. Go,\" Lorde Marke yells. \"Yes, sir.\" Bragnae Bragnae runs out of the castle, out of the village, and goes racing down toward the stream. She sees Isolde and Tristan in the distant. Finally she reaches them. \"Isolde, Lorde Marke is looking for you right now! Tell Tristan good bye because I'm sick of lying for you,\" Bragnae goes too grab Isoldes arm. \"I can't go back there! Isoldes jumps back. \"You have too you are the kings wife that means you are queen.\" \"I'm with Tristans child, Bragnae. Bragnae responds bitterly, \"I told ya from the beginning this was a bad idea now you fix it. I'm through.\" She quickly walks back too the castle. Isolde says goodbye too Tristan.\" She than runs after Bragnae holding up her skirt so it she doesn't trip. Tristan watches her till she disappears. The two enter the castle. \"Where were you,\" Lorde Marke explains. Isolde turns and glances over a Bragnae than looks back at Marke, \" I was in the market looking things for the Child,\" She replies lying \"Child - chiild, Lorde Marke face brightens up. \"We are with child. I could never be happier,\" Lorde Marke approaches Isolde and kisses her on the lips and backs away,\" We have too make an annoucement. \"Annoucement why?\" Isolde questions Marke. ","Summary":" Hey its my first fan fiction that I had a chance too post. I love too here feed back. Be gentle. Th"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Lord Wessex's Secret","Author":"MrsChipRockefeller","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9617041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was working on the plantation with my family when the master came along. He was so handsome with his brown curls and beard. He treated us all with respect even though we were black. It didn't matter to him whether we weren't white or not. He could see past our skin colour unlike his father, my previous master. \" Martha,\" he called. \" Yes sir,\" I answered looking up into his beautiful brown eyes. \" May we take a walk?\" \" Of course sir.\" We regularly talk walks where we could confide in each other. I knew people didn't like me going off and having this close friendship with our master but I didn't care. I wanted to be of service to my dear master and if he wished to unburden his mind onto me then so be it. People said I was crossing the line but he was the one who had always initiated our conversations. When we were a safe distance away he took me into his arms again and kissed me. We were secretly lovers. I took his bearded face into mine and kissed him back with just as much passion. \" Martha, I can't handle all this sneaking around. Marry me?\" he whispered. \" But Robert what about society? You're a lord. Won't they shun you out of society for marrying a black girl who is your slave?\" I answered looking down ashamed. He couldn't marry me; I was black, even if I did love him. He lifted up my head and looked into my eyes lovingly and determined. \"I don't give a damn. I love you, Martha. No matter your skin colour. What does it all matter anyway? Aren't we all human and children of God?\" \" Oh Robert, but you will be cast out. I can't bear that for you.\" \" Martha, I can't bear to be without you. I don't care for society. I only care for you. Marry me, Martha?\" I couldn't believe he was prepared to give it all up for me. I was so touched that he would give up all his privileges just to be with me. \"Oh Robert, yes I will marry you,\" I answered. \"I love you.\" We then kissed again. \"We'll marry in secret otherwise my father will cast me out and we will be penniless,\" he said. \"If he knew he would try everything in his power to stop me. Regardless if you make me happy or not. I will not let him stop me from having the one person I love most in this world.\" \" Oh Robert,\" I smiled up at him for he was taller than me. \" I do give you leave to tell your father though.\" \" Thank you, Robert.\" He kissed my hand and then we departed. I skipped along so happy to be engaged to Lord Wessex. The youngest Lord Wessex had decided to take a black girl as his Lady Wessex no matter the consequences. I ran up to my father and hugged him. \" What has made you so happy?\" he asked concerned. \" Father I am to be married,\" I smiled up at him. \" To whom?\" He looked even more worried and concerned like I had done something wrong but all I had done was give into my heart. \" Lord Wessex, my dear, dear Robert.\" He looked furious and concerned at the same time. I frowned at my father's disapproval of my love. \" A white man? Our master? Don't you see he will destroy you?\" He held me close to him. How could he misunderstand my Robert so badly? I knew he loved me. He was prepared to be an outcast for me. \" No, father, he loves me,\" I pleaded. \"He's prepared to be shunned out of society for me. You know he's not like other white men. He respects us.\" \" Martha, I only fear for you. Whites and blacks aren't meant to mix. You will be both shut out of society.\" \" I don't care as long as I am with Robert. I love him, father, and I mean to have him.\" \" I see you are determined so have him but he will be your downfall.\" I decided to miss that last comment and hugged him thanking him. Robert and I were married secretly a week later after he'd managed to find someone who would marry us. It had been hard to find someone like-minded to us. It had been hard to find someone who would marry us despite our colour differences. I was quickly installed into the house as his wife and the mistress of the home though I was not accepted by his servants. As I ordered them about in my new position they believed I had forgotten who I was putting on airs and graces. Though it did upset me I didn't mind too much as at night I had my Robert and he was quite the attentive lover. Within two years I was carrying our first child. Robert and I were both delighted to be having a child and hoped for a son to be his heir. We would both love and care for this child. Others weren't so happy we were to have a child. Some thought it was a disgrace. His father finally graced us with a visit but it wasn't a happy occasion. When Robert saw him he took my hand. He wanted to soothe me and remind me he was here for me no matter what he loved me. \" This is my wife, Martha, father,\" he said. \" That's your wife?\" his father spat while I looked uncomfortably at the floor. \" Yes, she's my wife and carrying my child,\" he answered defiantly. \" Robert, may we speak in private?\" His eyes bore into his son who in turn looked to me for guidance. I nodded my head. I didn't want to cause any conflict within the family even if our marriage was controversial. We needed the family fortune for our child. He went off with his father while I waited in the parlour in anxious anticipation. I started pacing the floor nervous about what would happen. Would we lose everything? Would he take him from me? I couldn't bear the suspense. I was about to go down to the study to find out what was going on when Robert stormed in slamming the door and threw himself onto the armchair. I was a bit wary of approaching him in this mood. When he saw me he looked up at me sadly but beckoned me closer. He pulled me onto his lap and held me close. \" I'm not angry with you, Martha,\" he said stroking my hair. \" What happened, Robert? Where's your father?\" I asked gently. \" Preparing to catch the next boat back to England.\" I looked down ashamed and sadly. He lifted my chin up and looked into my eyes saying, \"It is not your fault, Martha.\" He looked off in the distance and I felt there was still more he wasn't telling me as he was still tense. \"Robert, there is more to tell me,\" I asked. \" Martha,\" he sighed. \"I've been cut off. He has cut me off from the family fortune. Also society won't recognise our marriage.\" I burst into tears at the isolation I had brought upon Robert for agreeing to marry him and carry his child. I had always been strong-willed and gone after what I wanted never mind the consequences now I had ruined the only man I had ever loved. \" I will not have you blaming yourself, my love,\" he comforted kissing my forehead. \"You have made me very happy and all I need is you. I don't care what society has to say. Its society's fault if they can't see past the colour of your skin to the beautiful and kind person you are.\" \" Oh Robert...but how are we going to survive? We have a baby on the way and you have lost your money.\" \" We will survive, trust me.\" I smiled at him but I couldn't see how. I trusted him anyhow. Some months later I was having our baby while he was pacing outside our bedchamber. Men weren't supposed to witness the birth and he had been advised to stay outside as it would cause the midwife even more hassle. I screamed in agony as I pushed our child out and they tried to soothe me. The midwife was the midwife for all the slaves as no respectable midwife would deliver our baby. We were isolated but together and that was all that mattered. Finally our child was out. I heard its cries then fell asleep exhausted from the exertion of having just given birth to our first child. When I awoke I found Robert sitting on the edge of the bed with our child wrapped in a blanket in his arms. He was gazing down lovingly at our baby. \" Robert,\" I said gently. He looked over to me and smiled, \"Martha.\" \" Did we have a son?\" \" Yes, I have an heir.\" He handed him to me and a flood of motherly love washed over me. He had his father's hair and eyes while he had my nose and lips. He had a lighter brown skin colour due to his father being white. \" He's beautiful.\" \" I know. I will do all in my power for you and our son. I will not let you suffer for society's sake.\" \" I know, Robert, I trust you.\" He tilted my head towards him and we kissed a slow and gentle kiss while being careful of our son and heir but what was he to inherit? We weren't very rich anymore since his father had cut him off and were trying our best to live off the plantation. We named our son Robert Wessex II and tried to do our best for him. As he grew though we became poorer and poorer causing some conflict in our marriage. I began to get more and more depressed even though I loved my family as I had ruined my husband. He kept trying to tell me I hadn't and I made him happy but he soon got tired of our financial problems. I knew all he wanted was to give me and our son a good life. When our son was five we decided drastic action had to be taken. We couldn't carry on living with all these debts piling up. We had to do something for our son. Our son deserved a better life than one of debts. The decision though would be a heartbreaking one for all of us. It was decided since our marriage wasn't recognised in society he would go back to England and find another wife. He had to marry again for money. We needed the money to bring our son out of poverty. We would sacrifice anything for little Robert even our hearts. Robert caught a boat out a few months later leaving our son and me to try and keep the plantation going in his absence. Though he had taught me how to deal with business in his absence I was not looked up to or respected as he was. All through our marriage they had seen me as his mistress rather than his wife. Our son was seen as a bastard. I struggled during his absence waiting to hear of a new wife. I missed him bitterly and waited to hear of any news that he may send me but being two continents apart it wasn't easy to receive some. I went down to meet every ship in the hope of a letter from my Robert. I waited months on end with no answer. Finally a beautiful lady came to the house. \" Is this the home of Lord Wessex?\" she asked. \" Yes, but he is away from home at present in England,\" I answered. \" Oh good but I know he is away for I am his widow. Are you Martha?\" she smiled producing a letter. I eyed the letter with pleasure. Could it be news from my Robert? Could he be coming home at last? Would he be following her home? She gave me the letter; I thanked her and opened it as quickly as I could then read it. ' My dearest Martha, I am so sorry that you have waited months for a word from me. I did not know if I could trust any of the captains sailing to Virginia to hand this letter to you. I have found a wife to answer our prayers. Her name is Lady Viola de Lesseps well now Lady Viola Wessex I guess. Her father made his fortune through being a shopkeeper and she comes with a large dowry. The money may help pull us out of poverty and give little Robert the life he deserves. The absence from you has been torture to me and I can't wait to see your beautiful face. I should be arriving with Viola. Your loving and devoted, Robert.' I then realised something was terribly wrong as he wasn't with her. Also had she described herself as his widow? It couldn't be, could it? He couldn't be, could he? My Robert couldn't be dead. He was all our son and I had in this world these last seven years. I whispered, \"Widow?\" She looked down and answered, \"Yes, we were involved in a shipwreck with me being the sole survivor.\" I fell to my knees and wept; my love was dead. He was my rock and had held me together while the world shunned us for our love. He was everything to me. She looked at me unsure what to do. My son upon hearing my tears ran to me but stopped when he saw his stepmother. \" Mother, what is it?\" he asked concerned. \" Your father has drowned, Robert,\" I answered. He looked at me distraught. \" Oh dear,\" she said. \"This isn't as simple as it looks, is it?\" I tried to recover my tears to explain the situation. \"Lady Viola, I am the wife society refuses to recognise. Robert and I were married for seven years but he was disowned due to my skin colour. We married for love and had our son two years later.\" \" I'm so sorry. I know what it is like to be unconventional. I had an affair with a married actor playwright. You see I didn't marry your husband for love either. I was ordered to marry him by the queen for my fortune,\" she comforted. \" I'm sorry that we needed your money. We tried so hard to raise our son out of poverty into a life he deserves due to his father's title. Look at him, doesn't he deserve more than poverty,\" I pleaded getting up and hugging my son closer to me. \" Its fine, I could not be with the man I loved due to his marriage. Your son I am sure is a fine young man and no-one deserves to be poor,\" she smiled. \" Thank you ever so much, your Ladyship.\" She made me her companion and took Robert under her wing. We became great friends over the following months and she helped us over the loss of our husband. We were able to share secrets with each other and she shielded me from the bad comments made behind my back and the disapproval of our friendship. Some months later as we were in her bedroom and I was brushing her hair she turned to me. \"Martha,\" she said. \" Yes Viola,\" I answered. \" I plan to take you and Robert to London. I intend to plead Robert's case to his grandfather. He shouldn't lose out on a fortune that is rightfully his.\" \" Oh Viola, I do not want Robert to lose out but he won't accept him into the family.\" \" I believe it is worth the try. Do you not wish to see London?\" \" I do,\" I smiled. I was worried about the long voyage though. It would take us some months to reach London and no-one I knew apart from Viola and my later Robert had ever done the journey. Would my son and I be up to it? Would we be healthy? A few weeks later we set out on our voyage to England. It took months and wasn't always a pleasant experience. Though the ocean was beautiful to look out at with my son by my side sometimes the rocking of the ship against the waves would make me feel ill and I would have to lie down on my bed with my son by my side. Viola and I had been given different lodgings. She had a nice room near the captain while Robert and I had been put into the lower deck along with the servants of the other passengers on the same level as Viola. Viola had tried to save us from being put in here but it hadn't worked. They put me in here due to my colour. Finally we reached London and were reunited with Viola. She escorted me through the streets of London while we were looked down upon. She escorted me in her carriage to the Wessex estate. When we arrived she got me out and we went inside to see our father-in-law. We were announced but he refused to see us when hearing our names at first. After refusing to leave he had us ushered into his study. He scowled when he saw me and my son. \"What are you doing here?\" he asked. Viola responded for me, \"We are here to try and make sure Robert doesn't lose out on a fortune that is rightfully his.\" \" Why would a bastard rightfully have a claim to the Wessex fortune?\" \" We were married in Virginia. Our son was born two years after our marriage. It was not my or Robert's fault that society chose not to recognise our love and marriage. Doesn't he look like his father?\" \" I don't see any resemblance to his father and his father is dead. Leave me to my grief and don't come back. That includes you Lady Viola.\" She escorted me out of the estate but told me not to worry as she would try and get her parents to help. I didn't have much hope but I agreed with Viola it was worth a try. Sadly they refused to help because of my appearance and even disowned Viola for associating with me after she refused to break this friendship. We were cast out into the city of London to fend ourselves. We ended up going our separate ways due to fate. She managed to find a position as a governess but no-one would hire an unmarried black woman with a child. I ended up having to resort to prostitution and travelling from city to city just to put food on the table for the both of us. Two and a half years later we met again and she gave me some money and informed me she was to be married. The money helped for a while but I fell back into prostitution just to try and feed my son and give him shelter. I felt so ashamed of our new life. How I missed my dear late husband? How I missed Virginia too but I did not have enough money to get us a safe passage back to America? Three years later I had made it back to Portsmouth and planned to stow onto a ship. We hid in a local pub listening to gossip while I decided which ship to stow away on. Suddenly I heard someone narrating a story about a pirate that had docked in the harbour for the night. Apparently he had once been a gentleman but had married a black slave for love so was disowned and had a child with her. He'd married again when the son was 5 for money but had been involved in a shipwreck on his way to Virginia. A bunch of pirates had saved him and made him work for them but a few years later he led a mutiny and became the new captain of the ship. This sounded so much like Robert's story but could it be true he was actually alive and had survived the shipwreck as Viola had? Could my Robert still be alive as this pirate? There was only one way to tell if my love was still alive and that was to stow away on his ship. \" Robert,\" I whispered. \" Yes mother,\" he whispered back. \" We must stow away on the pirate ship.\" \" But won't that be dangerous.\" \" Not if I think is true is true.\" \" What mama?\" I didn't answer him but tried to formulate a plan to get on the ship. I decided we would have to creep on deck at night while everyone was asleep and hide till we were sure of our safety. We crept on deck and hid behind some of the barrels on the ship and fell asleep till morning. Unfortunately in the morning my son accidentally kicked the barrel and we heard voices. \" What was that?\" one said. \" It seemed to be coming from behind those barrels,\" another answered. I hugged my eleven year old son close to me scared of what they would do to us when they found us. I couldn't go back to prostitution but I would do anything to protect my son. My son held me close to him just as frightened. Finally they found me hugging my son close to me. \" Ooh, look who's here,\" one of the men said. They grabbed us and started to mock me and muck me around until the captain's door opened. A man with a full head of brown curls bowed out of the door then looked up at the commotion. I recognised those eyes instantly and my heart beat a hundred to a dozen. It was my Robert! He was alive! Tears filled my eyes and I flung myself at him hugging him close to me. \"Robert,\" I exclaimed. He patted my hair while everyone laughed then told them to let us go. \" To walk the plank, captain?\" they laughed. \" Is that how you would respect my wife and child?\" he responded smiling lovingly at me. They looked stunned and he smiled at me then took me into his cabin. \" Where have you been, my love?\" he asked gently. \" Viola told me you were dead so after months of mourning we set sail for London to try and recover some of the Wessex fortune for Robert. Naturally he turned us away and I ended up in prostitution,\" I cried. He looked horrified and I took his hands and pleaded, \"Please Robert I was led to believe you were dead and nowhere else was going to take an unmarried black woman with a child. I had to get money somehow to feed Robert and myself.\" He rubbed my hands with his thumbs and answered, \"My dear, I am so sorry for your suffering. Viola was right to believe I'd drowned as I was drowning and had drifted off some distance when a gang of pirates found me. I was pressed into joining their gang in exchange for my life. When I realised there was quite a good amount of money to be raised out of piracy I persuaded the crew to help me mutiny our captain. When I was made captain I sailed the high seas in search of my wife and son.\" \" Oh Robert,\" I smiled at him slightly with tears in my eyes thinking of all the lost years we'd had. \" Martha, we have a future now. You, me and little Robert. I know it's a life of piracy but we can be free to love at last.\" I smiled slightly at him. We settled into life aboard ship and they treated our son and me with the utmost respect. Robert was even more of the lover than he had been before and we soon welcomed Viola, Arthur, Elizabeth and Samuel into the world. He was a good father as well as a great captain to his crew. ","Summary":" I was working on the plantation with my family when the master came along. He was so handsome with "},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Stage Beauty Drabble","Author":"ofrabjousday","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2978331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After struggling with a scene all afternoon, Dayne and I were in the dressing room, alone. I was Hero to his Claudio  a disgustingly happy couple if ever there was one. I'm sad to say that Dayne and I got along roughly as well as a cat and a dog would, so our scenes together never rang true. I was unpinning my wig when I felt a finger, alien yet warm, slide across my jaw, down my neck. I glance back to find him standing right behind me. \"Lost your merkin, Will?\" My voice sounded shaky. \"I'm not Will. Here, now, I'm Claudio. And you are my Hero.\" He ran a hand into my wig, grasping a handful of hair, and his mouth came down, hard, on mine. Dayne and I still bicker, off-stage. While acting, though, there's a strange sort of pull between us that the others at the theater are hard-pressed to explain. ","Summary":" After struggling with a scene all afternoon, Dayne and I were in the dressing room, alone. I was He"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"for all time","Author":"vega-de-la-lyre","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5631856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Will goes on to live a life of success and legend; Viola never returns home to England and dies of swamp fever six months after her ship wrecks on the Virginian shore. (This, however, is not the end of their story.) 1672. \"Chin up, Will,\" Rochester says. Will pushes away pages of script. \"My muse,\" he says. \"She's abandoned me.\" \"She's not abandoned you,\" Rochester says. \"She's waiting for you. Anyone who sees the two of you for more than two minutes together can see she's panting for you to go after her.\" \"Don't be so bloody literal-minded,\" Will says. \"And don't talk about her like that.\" Rochester claps Will on the shoulder bracingly. \"Go afer her, man,\" he says. \"What, a penniless, no-name playwright, go after the most famous actress on the London stage?\" Will laughs. \"Try another.\" Rochester sighs. \"Well, if you won't take her, then I will,\" he says. \"And you can help yourself to some of London's finest whores.\" He gestures to Nancy, over by the bar. Will shoots him an ugly look. \"Your talents are wasted on these stages, you know,\" Rochester says thoughtfully. \"You're good at the bawdy stuff, you are, but your wit is too refined for the likes of us. I'd like to see you try your hand at something other than one of those comedies you call plays.\" \"I was born in the wrong time, Johnny,\" Will says. He shakes his head morosely. Across the bar, Ned Kynaston raises his mug. \"I'll drink to that,\" he calls. 1749. \"Did you hear about that actress?\" Garrick asks. \"The pretty one. Wessex's wife. Died in childbirth.\" \"I've heard,\" Will says thickly. His eyes are wet. 1864. \"You're going to ruin my dress,\" Viola says. \"Get up.\" \"Mmph,\" Will says, kissing her again. She's wearing some flowing medieval thing, pale blue, her golden hair virginally loose around her shoulders. She looks like a vision, a goddess incarnate. \"Do I have to?\" \"Rossetti will kill me if I damage it,\" she says. \"It cost him the profit from his last painting.\" With a groan, he rolls off her. She threads her hands through his hair idly. \"I don't like you modelling for him,\" Will says, voice muffled against the bedclothes. \"My love!\" Her eyes widen with amusement, and she props her face up on one hand. \"You're not jealous, are you?\" \"Not because of you,\" he says. \"But I know Gabriel. And Gabriel's reputation with his models.\" Viola laughs. \"I can handle Rossetti,\" she says. \"Don't worry on about that . Now get me out of this.\" She stands, and he rolls to sit on the edge of the bed, stripping her of the dress. After a moment she stills under his hands. \"What?\" he says, and then follows her gaze. She's looking at the half-empty bottle of absinthe on the floor by the bed, balanced precariously atop a volume by Baudelaire. He grits his teeth; she hates his drinking and doesn't even know that the drinking is the least of it - she doesn't know about the opium. \"Will,\" Viola says sharply. \"You've too good a brain to be rotting it with this stuff.\" He pushes the bottle aside. \"Come back to bed,\" he says, voice coaxing. 1951. He is due to stand before the House Committee on Un-American Activities tomorrow, and he cannot find a clean shirt anywhere. \"Dammit,\" he says. His nails are black with ink, and his typewriter is gutted and in pieces on his desk; the stupid thing fell apart in the midde of the script for Psychic Martian Zombies from Space , and he's had to write the rest of it out by hand, and his penmanship is terrible these days. His only good tie has a grease stain on it, and his face hasn't seen a razor in two weeks. \"Will,\" Viola says. She's standing in the door to his office, dressed for business in a sharp suit and a low-brimmed hat. She's smiling, but it looks false. \"I'm sorry,\" he says, \"I don't have time to chat at the moment. Your bloody husband is trying to blacklist me, I'm a bit busy trying to, you know, save my career and all that. Such as it is.\" She doesn't answer him, eyes stoic and guarded, and he knows the situation's not any easier on her but still he runs his hands through his hair, exasperated. \"Oh, God,\" he says. \"I cannot deal with you right now.\" \"You could go back home,\" she says. \"To Britain. Keep writing there.\" \"I'm not going to run,\" he says. \"Not this time.\" She smiles. \"Which is why I love you,\" she says, and she tugs at his stained tie, pulling him closer. She smells of powder and perfume, and he is so, so tempted to kiss her but knows exactly how dangerous it would be to do so right now, even without taking into account the surveillance Wessex's men have on him. \"You're going to go through with it, then?\" she asks softly. Will leans back against his desk; she lets go of his tie. \"Yes,\" he says. \"Unless you think you can call him off, I don't have much of a choice, do I?\" She strips off her gloves, delicate eyebrow arched wryly. \"I suppose you don't,\" she says, and he grabs for her at the same time as she reaches for him. He kisses her until her pins are falling from her hair and her scarlet lipstick is smeared across her cheek. \"Run,\" she breathes into his mouth, and when he pulls back and she smiles, the effect is curiously eerie. \"You're not serious,\" he says. She kisses him again, and he draws his hands through her pale hair wonderingly. 2009. Will moans, smashing a hand across his keyboard. The new barista, passing by with a stack of dirty cups and plates, raises an eyebrow. \"Finals?\" \"Creative writing workshop,\" he says. She grimaces sympathetically. \"Remind me again why I waste my money on this shit?\" \"I couldn't tell you,\" she says. She puts a hand on her hip. \"I think those courses are a waste of time, honestly. You've got it or you don't. All that constructive-reader's-group bullshit is just one big circle jerk.\" He snorts in agreement, then passes her his empty coffee mug, then cocks his head. \"Hang on,\" he says, snapping his fingers, \"I know you, don't I? Yentl . Two years ago. Viola, right?\" She smiles. \"That's me, yeah,\" she says. His face sobers. \"Huh,\" he says. \"You're the daughter of the university president, aren't you? What are you doing with a job at a place like this?\" Viola shakes her head, still smiling, turns to go, and then pauses. \"Do you really want to know?\" Will lets the lid of his laptop fall closed and takes his feet off the chair beside him. She laughs. \"I'll bring some more coffee over,\" she says. (This is not the end, either.) ","Summary":" Will goes on to live a life of success and legend; Viola never returns home to England and dies of "},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"As You Like It","Author":"Saber Girls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2275197","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: As You Like It Author: Saber Girl Amidaala Rating: PG Disclaimer: I don't own Shakespeare In Love , but I wish I did. I have memorized practically the complete list of everybody involved in the movie, but I won't list them all here. I know you're out there, though. Thanks for doing such a good job. Summary: I wrote this in about a minute while I was watching the chapter, \"How Do You Love Her\" and Viola asks if Will was the author of his plays. You may or may not agree with his answer in the movie, so I wrote this. I didn't think I would write SIL fanfic, but I've thought of the first lines of this story every time I watched the movie and I do that a lot so eventually I had to write this. Oh, by the way, I do not believe Marlowe is the real Shakespeare. I think it was just a different guy named Will Shakespeare. JK. As You Like It VIOLA: Are you the author of the plays by William Shakespeare? WILL: Well, um funny thing about that VIOLA: You are William Shakespeare, aren't you? WILL: Yes, that is my name -what is in a name- but you see, I didn't actually write the plays. VIOLA: Then who did? WILL: Christopher Marlowe, at your service. VIOLA: But why does he say that you wrote the plays? WILL: Officially, he wants to write all the plays that are performed in the theatre and have no competition. VIOLA: And unofficially? WILL: I have writer's block. He volunteered to write for me. VIOLA: He volunteered? WILL: If your definition of \"volunteered\" is \"blackmailed into,\" then, yeah. VIOLA: Blackmailed? What are you blackmailing him about? WILL: That would be telling. VIOLA: But- WILL: I'm not telling. Make up your own story. Hey, wait a tick- I think I've hit upon something! WILL is sitting at his desk, writing frantically: \"Choose Your Own Adventure\" Plays, by William Shakespeare. ","Summary":" Title: As You Like It Author: Saber Girl Amidaala Rating: PG Disclaimer: I don't own Shakespeare In"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Aaron & Blythe","Author":"LostOrchids","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2932847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ChapternI \"Indon't like it here, something makes me feel uneasy.\" Lawrencenmuttered as he made a stop at a red light. \"Inthink it's rather cute, you know for a small city.\" BlythenTorrance Richter disagreed, as she looked up from the floor to surveynthe area around them. \"Well,nI suppose any place would be better than your home, as you'vencomplained to me about on the way up here.\" He shrugged hisnshoulders, and tapped his thumbs on the leather finish of thensteering wheel. Blythennever commented, because she had been too busy looking around at whatnthis small city had to offer. There were a lot of strip malls andnsmall businesses but no skyscrapers and large parking garages likenshe was used to in New York. Well they had some decent stores aroundnhere like Old Navy and Maurices. Yet she saw no DKNY or any storesnthat she had been shopping at for as long as she could remember. Thatnwas what her life consisted of which was shopping, hanging out withnher friends, clubbing, and seeing what kind of trouble they could getninto at the private school she used to attend. Nownshe was graduated and her father felt that she needed to learn anlesson in money management and get out on her own two feet. Shenargued with her father, Lucien Richter until they both became sonangry that she stomped away and started blasting music so shencouldn't hear her father talking away to her mother. Her mother,nLydia Torrance Richter was the other party that had to hear from hernfather when their daughter decided to become a quarrelsome child. \"Lucien,nmy dear, I am profoundly apologetic that you have to raise anneighteen-year-old girl.\" Would have been her mother's reply,nwhich Blythe always imagined. It was interesting to know howndifferent her mother had been from her father, which made her evennmore curious about how they married. \"Whatnare you grinning about?\" Lawrence arched a brow her way as henturned the corner to her aunt's home. \"Nothing.\"nBlythe answered quickly as she rolled down the window to put hernattention on something else. \"Whatevernyou say.\" He nodded, turning on the signal, as they pulled into hernaunt's circular drive way. Blythenwas about to say something in return but her attention was distractednat the size of the house and what surrounded it. There sat a largentwo story looking mansion covered in growing vines up to the secondnstory windows. In the front of the house was a large balconynsupported by six pillars which made up the walkway underneath. Upntop, the balcony could be accessed by two French doors, and aroundnthe house were large unattended bushes that grew in their maddenednfury. Whennthe car came to a stop, Blythe opened her door and exited thenvehicle. Before she could get a word in edgewise, a woman emergednfrom the house. She waved and said her greetings in a close manner.nWhen Blythe looked, it was hard to believe this woman was hernfather's sister. She looked nothing like him, her frame was smallnand kind of plump, and her almost raven hair streaked with white wasnpiled on top of her head by a set of chop sticks. Her clothing wasnvery modern with her long green flowy skirt and a lighter shirt whichnhugged her upper torso and arms. Aroundnher neck was an expensive looking model of an old school camera.nBlythe smiled, and she was immediately embraced like they werenseverely close. In all honesty, Blythe had only met her aunt once andnonly then it was for ten minutes. She received different things fromnher on Christmas and other occasions. And from the looks of it, hernaunt didn't live alone, so she could be married of have children ofnher own. This was assumed under the condition of her aunt having twonvery large vehicles parked at the other end of the drive way. \"Itnis so good to see you midear; oh you've grown up so much.\" Hernaunt smiled, taking her look at arm's length. \"ThanksnAunt Jennie.\" Blythe smiled, nodding her head. \"Well,nhere are her suitcases and Mr. Richter says that if there is anythingnyou need, please call him.\" Lawrence stepped in to slay thenawkwardness of this moment. Though it would only be temporary, shenwould be in this state for quite some time. \"Thanknyou.\" Jennie nodded towards him as he said his goodbye to Blythenand started towards the car. Blythe responded with the same amount ofnenthusiasm and was directed towards the front door of the house.n\"Come on Blythe.\" Blythencomplied with her aunt's demands as they picked up her luggage andnwalked into the house. When she entered the dual French doors, shenwas entranced by the size of the opening and how high the ceilingsnsat. It was a simple entrance way that looked more modern and cozynthen her father's designer house that looked like something from anmagazine display. And there was nothing comfortable about it,neverything was expensive and probably would break if you just lightlynbrushed it. And now, here Blythe was in the middle of a place she hadnnever been before, and was entering a world where she would have tonlearn to defend on her own. ","Summary":" ChapternI \"Indon't like it here, something makes me feel uneasy.\" Lawrencenmuttered as he made a "},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"The Mystery of Love","Author":"cifling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/789809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: Although the story references real historical people, the characterisation is based on the film 'Shakespeare in Love' which doesn't belong to me. ~~~~ The Mystery of Love ~~~~ London, February 1601. Friends of The Queen's favourite, the Earl of Essex, pay the Lord Chamberlain's Men at the Globe a bonus of 40 shillings to put on Richard II, including its banned deposition scene, on the 7th. The next day Essex rises in revolt against the Queen, but finds no support among the common people and is defeated. On the 24th the Chamberlain's Men are called upon to perform before the Queen at court. There is no record of which play was chosen. Essex was beheaded on the 25th. The Queen dies two years later in her 70th year. ~~~~ \"Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things;rSome shall be pardon'd and some punished;rFor never was a story of more woerThan this of Juliet and her Romeo.\" The last 'O' echoed in the chamber and all there held their breath until the Queen began applauding, whereupon they joined in with desperate appreciation. She beckoned to the actor who had spoken the final words and he stepped down from the stage, coming to bow low before the sumptuously dressed and bejewelled woman. \"An audacious choice of play, Master Shakespeare,\" said the Queen. \"Although not as rash as some you have played recently.\" \"A player must earn his money where he can, Your Majesty, or be whipped as a vagrant.\" The man that spoke appeared in his late thirties, but still had enough good looks to be able to gamble an imploring look from fine, dark eyes. \"If I gave every man his just desert, then who indeed would scape whipping? But why did you choose this play?\" The Queen did not appear angry, merely curious. Will took a deep breath. \"I thought to remind you of when first you saw this piece, Your Majesty. You were pleased to judge this play the very exemplar of the truth and nature of love. They were happier times then for us all.\" A small smile appeared on the Queen's face. \"Indeed they were, Master Shakespeare. Indeed they were. Although I fear it was a sad day for Mr. Tilney, my Master of the Revels.\" \"An easy mistake to make, Your Majesty,\" said Will spreading his hands wide in generous defence. \"Quite so. Your Juliet tonight was very dainty, but I have ne'er seen any to match Thomas Kent.\" \"Neither have I, Your Majesty.\" They shared a moment of melancholy silence before the Queen continued, \"No, not since Lord Wessex was lost with his wife. That was the same year Marlowe died, was it not?\" \"Indeed it was, Your Majesty. Such light was lost that season. If only Kit, Marlowe, that is, Your Majesty.\" He stumbled over his words in his enthusiasm. \"If only Marlowe had lived, what plays you would have had then for your enjoyment instead of my poor shadows.\" The Queen snorted and spoke tartly, \"Do not put yourself down, Master Shakespeare. My brother would have made the better king.\" She held up her hand sternly as he opened his mouth to speak. \"Hah, none of your fol-de-rol compliments, sirrah. He would have been a good king. For one thing, he had the cock for it. But I was the best Elizabeth that I could be and if there should come other queens to bear my name then I shall still be first amongst Elizabeths. Never try to be a pale imitation of another, be true to yourself and be the best William Shakespeare you can be.\" \"We are blessed to have your wisdom over us still,\" he said with a deep obeisance. \"And we are happy in our players that take care to remind us of the nature of true love. Thank you, Master Shakespeare.\" He walked backwards a few steps before turning and disappearing behind the curtain by the side of the makeshift stage. He paused a moment to look back at the glittering figure as if seeing her for the first time. A voice interrupted his musings. \"How went it, Will? Why the grim face? Are we joining Essex in the Tower?\" He turned and looked at his friend Richard Burbage who did not look too concerned so had probably been peeking through the curtain at his audience. \"No. Her Majesty was pleased with the play. I was just thinking that she has been my Queen all my life but how much longer can she endure?\" \"Well hopefully long enough to pay us for this evening. Come, Will, I have a boat waiting for us and a warm bed waiting for me.\" \"A warm bed, eh?\" said William with a smirk as he followed his friend through the corridors. \"So you finally decided between the two lovely Greville sisters? Which is it then, Hannah or Ruth?\" Richard strode out briskly as they entered the gardens that sloped down to the river, so Will had to almost run to keep up. Then Will suddenly stopped short and, cocking his head to one side, said, \"You haven't? You couldn't? Not the both of them?\" Richard turned round, looking highly uncomfortable and seeming to be fascinated by the lights flickering in the palace behind them. \"Well they were both so damned unhappy. And you know I can't bear a woman's tears. And each as well-favoured as the other.\" Will's voice came out almost choked with suppressed mirth. \"So you didn't like to split up a matched pair?\" Richard met his gaze ruefully and Will let his laughter peal out into the cold night air. He stepped forward and linked his arm through Richard's, turning him round and heading down to the place where the boats waited. \"Let's not keep the lovely Grevilles waiting then.\" Richard waited until they were in the boat and the boatman had manoeuvred them away from the bank before attempting a comeback. \"At least I tell my friends where my fancy lies and do not make some dark secret of it,\" he grumbled. \"Dark indeed she is, as like the night as Thomas Kent was like the day,\" replied Will with a wistful smile. The boatman missed a stroke. \"Ha.\" Richard slapped his thigh. \"I knew you'd be thinking on him tonight, and he was indeed a pattern for your loves. Did you tell any of your long-suffering friends about your hidden Juliet?\" Will grinned. \"If I remember rightly, Richard, at the time you were doing your best to break my pate.\" \"I had every right! In fact that reminds me, you still owe me a play.\" Will leaned forward and whispered seductively, \"A noble prince driven mad by a father's death. A ghost seeking revenge. A play within a play. Duels and foul murders. Such speeches, Richard, such speeches.\" Richard had leant ever nearer as Will tempted him and in a beseeching voice asked, \"It is writ?\" Will leant back swiftly, surprising the boatman who had also been leaning forward to catch his words, and said cheerfully, \"Almost.\" \"Argh!\" Richard grasped his hat in both hands and threw it in the river. The boatman made a valiant sweep with his oar which spun them around but managed to trap the hat which he fished out and handed back. Richard looked at it in disgust but tentatively began to wring it out, scowling at Will who was wagging his finger at him. \"You should not be so choleric, Richard. Your hot temper will land you in trouble. I was thinking on poor Marlowe earlier this evening, and wondering what plays he would have written if he could have curbed his passions. Although, of course, his passion was one of his most attractive features.\" Richard stopped trying to pull the hat into some resemblance of its former shape and opened his mouth but no sound came out. Will smiled innocently. \"Oh didn't you know about me and Kit?\" Richard managed to choke out, \"You and Kit? Kit as in Marlowe? But you've never even cast an eye over a pretty boy while I've known you. You're spinning a tale for me.\" \"No.\" \"But why Kit?\" Will shrugged his shoulders. \"Buggered if I know.\" There was a choking sound from the boatman which he managed to disguise as a cough. Will continued, \"Perhaps it was simply his passion. When he decided on anything it was with his whole being. When he decided on me ... Well, I could no more resist him than the sun can flee the west.\" \"But your Juliet, did you not love her?\" asked Richard puzzled. \"With all my heart,\" said Will simply. \"So Kit was just lust?\" \"No, I loved him truly, but we quarrelled. I don't even remember what about now, and he left to find a sweeter blossom.\" The boat knocked against a wooden landing stage and Richard climbed out. He watched with a frown on his face as Will directed the boatman to pull out and make for further down the river where his own destination lay. \"Off to see your secret love?\" \"Yes, if she'll see me,\" said Will as the boatman began to pull on the oars. \"And do you love her with all your heart?\" asked Richard wryly. \"Of course. You cannot start a love half-hearted for then it will be a flower in poor soil and have no chance to bloom.\" Richard had to raise his voice to reach the boat now it had moved into the swift-moving current. \"How do you do it, Will? How do you keep on hoping that love will turn out well in the end?\" The boat was too far out in the river for him to see his friend's features, he could only make out a dark silhouette in the torchlight. But the voice that carried over the water was strong and almost exultant. \"I don't know. It's a mystery.\" THE END ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: Although the story references real historical people, the characterisation is based on "},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Father of Hope","Author":"FossiliZed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11839290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Quelick had been too young to know what times were like before the war, only that they were times of peace and freedom  but he was too young to know what those words truly meant. His parents were killed in the war and he had no other family to speak of. He learnt about deception before he did love. That's what made him different to most Thermians. Thermians only knew love and peace and kindness and acceptance to all things until the war. Deception was a lesson taught much slower to the others, but to Quelick, who was isolated to all things Thermian, had to learn only what he was shown. It was easy to trick people, to bully and to lie, but these talents only served to isolate him further from his people. Even though everyone was suffering, even he was different in suffering, and nothing he could do connected him with others. That was until the historical documents. When they first received the transmission  everyone knew, because Thermians shared everything  no one knew what to think. These were strange, strange creatures, talking in a language no one could understand. But when scientists began to work on a translation and began to conclude that the people on the screens creating and doing and overcoming terrible trails were figures of a distant planet's history, there was a lot of talk and excitement. People began to hope again. These strange creatures were overcoming trails again and again, each one different but so important. Maybe the Thermians could do it to. Then they heard the first translated words: \"Never give up, never surrender.\" Everything changed. Inspired by these words, their culture was rebuilt, modelled after the person and crew who had uttered them. Everyone loved these people  humans, as they came to know them. People loved Commander Peter Quincy Taggart the most. He was the one who uttered the words that saved them all. Quelick loved him too, but there was someone else he adored more. Doctor Lazarus. He was not human. He was Mak'tar. He was different to the others. Quelick idolised him. He had never had a father, but what he felt for Doctor Lazarus must have been close to that. Quelick studied him, copied him, got mad at him, and learned from him  even though they had never met. He forgot about deception, about lies, about hate, and only followed the logical, honest ways of the Mak'tar. A.N: Just wrote this on a whim instead of doing homework. ","Summary":" Quelick had been too young to know what times were like before the war, only that they were times o"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Vacation to Remember","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13016357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Takes place after the story \"Matter of Perspective\". Vacation to Remember Fred Kwan laid down in the quarters assigned to him and his wife Laliari. Unlike the prop beds from the first show which were nothing more than plywood with a fabric covering, these were very comfortable and good firm cushioning. He and Laliari were planning on taking a vacation anyway after wrapping up the filming for the season; when he and the rest of the cast from the show were 'borrowed' to help the Thermians in their troubles with the Harmites, he took the opportunity to stay behind for a week to relax afterward. \"I want to get away from it all\" he told Laliari, who smiled and then frowned. Metaphors were something she was still getting used to, and although Fred was patient in explaining them to her there seemed to be a lot in usage. Even after explanation, some were just too odd to be fully understood. \"Although you cannot get away from it all without leaving your corporeal being, I believe you mean just leaving Earth\" she surmised, proud of her parsing skills. Fred didn't mean Earth necessarily, but he didn't want to take away from Laliari's efforts either. \"That's right, leaving Earth is getting away from it all.\" He returned her smile. \"I cannot thank you enough for allowing me to spend time with my people\" she said. \"I was unaware how much I missed them. I have been so busy trying to assimilate your culture I forgot how good it was to be able to let down my ytrishbu again.\" \"I bet it is; last time you let down your ytrishbu Mrs. Harris next door called Emergency Services because she though she was having a breakdown.\" \"Yes, curtains...that is the word?...are a good thing.\" Just then Quellek walked in. \"Tech Sergeant Chen, I have a question for you\" the Thermian asked. Uh oh, thought Fred. They still don't understand that we are actors, not real crew members of a starship. And that meant that he wasn't really an engineer, no matter how much technobabble he threw at them. \"Yes?\" he asked weakly. Now it was Quellek's turn to look a little uneasy. \"As you know, we have modeled our ship after yours from the historical documents. As such, all of the technology is really yours.\" Fred didn't like where this was going, but Quellek continued. \"We have come up with something of our own design. And...\" he paused. \"And?\" \"...and we would be honored if you were to be present to observe while we tested it\" he finished. \"Observe? Me?\" Time for some flattery. \"The honor would be all mine, Quellek.\" The Thermian almost shook apart from happiness. \"Good. Please come with me to the engineering department.\" \"Lead on, McDuff\" Fred answered as he swung off the bed and followed Quellek out the door. As they entered the engineering section, Quellek had gained enough confidence so that he was explaining their idea. \"During our battles with the Harmites, it became apparent that we needed to develop a way to safely escape an encounter if it became too dangerous.\" \"Right, you're talking about evasive maneuvers\" Fred followed along. \"You have to dodge enemy fire but put distance between you and the other ship. That's what a helmsman does, with headings given by the captain\" Fred added. Anyone who watched space shows knew that. \"You understand, that is good. The idea was to change course rapidly without the delay of making decisions and relaying those orders, in order to facilitate a successful escape. We searched other historical records and came up with an idea that we are testing today called the Space Flume. If you will step over to the large monitor, you can watch the viewscreen as we activate it.\" \"Sounds good. Do I need a ticket for the show?\" he joked. Quellek's questioning look told him to forget it. As he walked to the front of the screen, he noticed the engineering team switched their appearances to plaid shirts and rough corduroy pants with boots. \"All set, let 'er rip. Eh, initiate.\" Quellek gave a subtle signal and the ship lurched slightly as it blasted in a direction toward a planet. Fred gripped the edges of the console tightly as the view swerved to one side at the last second away from the rapidly growing planet. The ship vibrated for a few moments before it lurched in yet another direction. \"We haven't solved the microscopic particle turbulence problem yet\" Quellek noted. The ship lurched again in another direction as the engineering team leaned in unison without leaving the spots where they stood as if their feet were glued to the deck. \"It is programmed to avoid objects larger than half a meter in diameter\" he explained. \"What about objects that are just under that size?\" Fred questioned, his query almost cut off by a thud that resonated through the hull. \"We think the ship will tolerate several such impacts. Theoretically\" Quellek added, looking around as if seeking assurance from the intact walls and ceiling. The ship lurched again. \"The direction and duration of each leg is mostly random, within certain parameters so you don't double back on the enemy.\" At last the course changes stopped and the ship came to a stop. Fred turned from the monitor and stared at Quellek for a full minute blankly. The Thermian waited anxiously for the human's opinion. Fred broke into a broad grin. \"Great! Can we do it again?\" he asked. The team broke into applause, although it looked more like a group of seals flapping their fins for a treat, at the successful conclusion of the test. \"We have succeeded, despite the arguments of some of our mathematicians\" the Thermian smiled. \"I hope they weren't very good mathematicians. But I have to ask...where did you get the idea for the new device?\" Fred asked. \"As I said, we have studied other historical documents for inspiration. We came across the brave, resourceful Bolt family living in what your people call Seattle.\" The Bolt family, thought Fred to himself. Hey, I tried out for that show and failed! \"You got the idea from 'Here Come The Brides'? Their wagons don't travel like that!\" \"Well,\" said Quellek \"we looked at the show from the log's point of view.\" The End A/N: Yes, 'Brides' is an old show but it would fit in with the time period of when the original Galaxy Quest series was supposed to have run. Naturally, you didn't think the Thermians only studied space dramas... In conversation with a friend the word 'flume' came up, and I was instantly seized with the idea of using the word in a story somewhere; this is the result. ","Summary":" A/N: Takes place after the story \"Matter of Perspective\". Vacation to Remember Fred Kwan laid dow"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"no te olvido","Author":"chocomuffin77","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9365041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Captulo 1 Viola se alejaba en el carro de su marido hacia un nuevo desembarco. No se imaginaba cmo iba a ser su vida desde aquel da. Slo le quedaban los recuerdos, recuerdos que dejaba atrs en ese mismo momento. El barco les esperaba en el puerto. No pareca muy estable, pero aquel da no le importaba nada, slo se acordaba de William, a lo lejos, slo con sus historias. -Sube Viola. Dijo Lord Wessex an disgustado por lo que pas en el teatro. - Te puedo asegurar que a partir de este instante no vers ni pisars un escenario en tu vida. Bastante ridculo has hecho ya. -Yo har lo que me venga en gana en todo momento, eres mi marido, no mi carcelero. Lord Wessex la cogi violentamente del brazo hasta hacerle dao. -Te puedo asegurar tambin que cumplirs con todo lo que yo te voy a mandar. Viola estaba acorralada, solo se le ocurra una forma de huir de aquel infierno. Al llegar al barco lo hara, cogera el abrecartas que llevaba en su maletn y no dudara en quitarse la vida. Estaba privada de todo aquello que amaba: el teatro, William El recuerdo de William la hizo entristecerse ms de lo normal, pues un viaje de diez minutos se hizo para ella un eterno viaje sin rumbo. Cuando llegaron al puerto se encerr en el camarote y se ech a llorar. Notaba como el barco comenzaba a moverse y record la misin que se haba propuesto a realizar. Nada ms coger el abrecartas alguien llam a su puerta. -Viola ests ah? Creo que va siendo hora de que cumplas con tu deber de esposa, as que abre Viola estaba muerta de miedo, ella no era una chica fcil de acobardar, pero en aquellos momentos cualquier persona se acobardara. Se podra decir que estaba entre la espada y la pared. Sin embargo pas algo fuera de lo comn en aquel momento. Todo comenz con un ruido estruendoso y un movimiento brusco.[Chapter 2] Captulo 2 El suelo de madera comenz a resquebrajarse. La puerta call y la mirada atnita de Viola aterriz en el cuerpo muerto de Lord Wessex. Estaba aterrada, confusa. Qu estaba pasando? Morira all en ese barco? Entonces fue cuando se acord de Will. Daba igual que aquello fuera su final, al fin y al cabo no estaba con Will y para ella ya nada tena sentido. Comenz a sentir el fro lquido envolvente por todo su cuerpo y justo antes de decidirse a llegar al fondo record el cuerpo muerto de Lord Wessex, la cara de Will al despedirse, el teatro y con l su pblico No, decididamente no iba a rendirse. Todava deba arreglar varias cosas antes de morir. Nad hasta la superficie y se cogi a una de las tablas de madera sobrantes del barco. Respir profundamente y nado hasta que las fuerzas se le agotaron. Viola despert en la orilla de una isla desconocida al menos por ella. Mir a su alrededor y no vio a nadie. Comenz a caminar por la orilla con la esperanza de encontrar algn superviviente, pero tras horas de bsqueda se dio por vencida y lleg a la conclusin de que era la nica superviviente al naufragio. El barco haba chocado con una roca cercana a la isla. Los temores de Viola volvieron a su mente. Estaba sola, y quizs lo estara para toda su vida. Segua sin teatro y lo ms importante, sin Will. Un sonido de horror se oy por toda la isla, lo que hizo que Viola se sobresaltara y saliese de sus pensamientos con rapidez. Un hombre chepudo y con la cara deformada corra hacia ella velozmente. A Viola no le dio tiempo a reaccionar. El hombre se le ech encima y comenz a subirle las faldas con la intencin de agredirla en lo que a su dignidad se refiere. Viola intent apartarlo y pareca conseguirlo. Gritaba intilmente como si alguien fuese a orla. Como un milagro un hombre se lanz a por el chepudo detenindole hbilmente. Era moreno y tena una media melena mal cuidada. Estaba fuerte y vesta como si se hubiese criado en una jungla. Su aspecto bronceado delataba su forma de vivir a la en temperie y era atractivo. Viola no pudo ms que fijarse en la fuerza sobrehumana de este hombre que despus de detener al deforme le tendi la mano en forma de ayuda para que se levantase. Perdona a Max. No sabe lo que hace. Me entiendes? Hablas mi idioma?- dijo el hombre mientras ayudaba a Viola. S.- Contest Viola con inseguridad. Me llamo Eric y este es Max, mi hermano. Siento que se haya comportado as. Es una bestia.- Eric agarr a Max por el cuello y le hizo una llave que le hizo caer en la arena. Max corri al interior de la selva, en el centro de la isla.- y t te llamas? Viola. Viola, un nombre precioso. Me acompaas Viola? -Eric le tendi la mano y Viola an no muy segura de hacer lo correcto la tendi, sin embargo al coger su mano Viola sinti que volva a estar a salvo. Algo en ese chico le recordaba a Will.[Chapter 3] Captulo 3 Eric condujo a Viola a travs de la selva para mostrarle un lugar en el cual cobijarse. En vista de que el largo pelo rubio de Viola se enredaba en las ramas de los rboles, sta cogi la navaja de Eric y sin que ste pudiera reprochar nada se corto la larga cabellera en una media melena que no llegaba ni a los hombros de Viola. El vestido lo rasg, le pareca incmodo tener que andar con esa vestimenta por una isla llena de arena. Al llegar a casa de Eric ste la hizo pasar con educacin. Viola por fin pudo sentarse y pensar. Qu ocurre? Qu ocurre? Se muere mi esposo en un naufragio, aparezco en una isla con un tipo que intenta aprovecharse de mi y estoy en una casa de un hombre que va en taparrabos y te atreves a preguntarme que ocurre? Lo siento, tan slo yo Viola se dio cuenta de la crueldad con la que haba respondido a Eric, al fin y al cabo l la haba salvado. Perdname t a m, estoy un poco alterada. Pasaron unos minutos sin que ninguno de los dos dijera nada. Eric se dispuso a hablar. No deberas cortarte el pelo, tienes el pelo ms bonito que he visto en mi vida. Viola estaba anonadada. Will le haba dicho ms de una vez que tena el pelo ms bonito que haba visto en su vida. Cada cosa que deca Eric sonaba en Viola como un comentario hecho por Will. Viola se qued mirando a Eric fijamente. Ests bien?- pregunt Eric. S, tan slo un poco sorprendida. Eric se sent a su lado. S que ests en un pequeo trance. Todo te parece extrao, pero tranquila, no ests sola.  Eric puso su mano en la de Viola de forma que sta la retir en seguida. No es eso. Es que me recuerdas a alguien.  dijo Viola levantndose bruscamente.  A un amigo.  Un amigo? S. Viola se qued mirando al horizonte. Eric la atraa un poco. Tena miedo. Miedo a no ser fiel a Will, pero al fin y al cabo, Will y ella no eran nada. Todo haba terminado aquel da en que se cas con Lord Wessex. Sin embargo ella le amaba, se preguntaba en ese momento que estara haciendo l. La estara olvidando? ","Summary":" Captulo 1 Viola se alejaba en el carro de su marido hacia un nuevo desembarco. No se imaginaba cm"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"By Grabthar's Hammer","Author":"coolhacker1025","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11733459","Passage":"[Chapter 1] By Grabthar's Hammer by coolhacker1025 \"Jason, is that you?\" asked the man on the telephone as Jason Nesmith picked it up. \"This is him,\" he said. \"Is that you Freddie?\" The reason the conversation was so choppy is that Jason was still in bed, as it was only 6:00a in California. \"Is Gwen there?\" asked Fred Kwan. At Jason's affirmative grunt, Fred continued. \"Put her on, I've some bad news to tell you.\" Jason put the phone down, and attempted to wake up his wife. They'd gotten together after the Thermian incident of '99, and had married a year later. Eventually, Gwen picked up the phone. \"Fred, what is it? It's six in the morning!\" \"Guys, I have some bad news,\" Fred repeated. \"Alex is dead. Succumbed to cancer earlier today. You're the first I've called.\" \"Well, shit,\" said Jason. He hadn't felt this poorly since the Restroom Incident '99, and the hangover that occurred after it. \"We need to get back together. The crew I mean. He'd want us to remember him that way.\" \"On it, Commander,\" said Fred jokingly. \"I was just about to call Tommy and Roc anyway, they should be up already.\" \"Let me know when and where I should meet you,\" said Jason. / A week later, the whole crew met at one of the higher class restaurants in LA. \"Good to see you,\" said Jason to his former castmates. \"I'm sorry that it has to be under these circumstances.\" \"The same,\" answered everyone else. They ordered drinks and a fancy sparkling wine. \"To Sir Alexander Dane, may he rest in peace,\" said Jason. The rest of the people said \"Jason\" as they raised their glasses in a toast. After a while, all of them were quite drunk. \"I can't believe that he's  gone\" said Tommy Webber. \"He played Richard III.\" \"There were three curtain calls,\" added Roc Webber, Tommy's husband. Jason had performed their wedding, after signing up on a website to be able to receive the credentials to do so. Jason had said that it was one last act as 'The Commander,' as he'd mostly retired after the second series and its movies ended. Paramount had managed to get four movies out of the cast, the first of which was a special effects nightmare, and the other three which were considered to be some of the greatest films of all time. It was bittersweet that Jason remembered this now, as the Trilogy had been the Lazarus Trilogy of films. Lazarus had been lured into a trap, and been irradiated and died. His body was then launched at the nearest planet. In the Second part of the trilogy, Lazarus, just like his namesake, had miraculously returned from the dead. The third film of the trilogy, directed by Sir Alexander Dane himself, featured the cast on Earth in 1999 trying to find a way to repower a Beryllium Sphere, whilst also trying to save the Earth of their own time period from an ecological disaster. \"I think that after Quest , Alex was the only one of us to actually have a job,\" said Jason. \"I mean, he just finished that stint on Harry Potter a couple of years ago. And, as he always reminded us, there were five curtain calls for Richard III \" \"I heard that he was going to do Hamlet again, alongside that Scottish dude who played The Doctor,\" said Gwen. She had kept was the member of the crew most active on Facebook, which completely fit her character from the show (who acted as an interface between the crew and the Computer). \"Don't forget those Galaxy Quest reboot appearances he did,\" said Kwan. \"I mean Jason has improved over the years, but sometimes lately it was hard to tell the difference.\" A director from Hollywood, with his company Evil Android Productions , had just released the first two movies of a Galaxy Quest reboot. Alexander had performed a cameo in both movies, in between stints on the West End performing Richard III and other Shakespearean plays. \"I improved a lot over the years,\" said Jason. \"I think that Alex's character was as popular or more popular than mine was.\" \"You certainly did improve, Jason,\" said Gwen, giving him a kiss on the cheek. \"You only do fan appearances if I'm involved, now. I wouldn't have married you if you were still the man you were in '99.\" \"If I win the Powerball tonight, I'm donating a large portion to cancer research,\" said Jason. \"I can donate a large portion and still live comfortably, now can't I?\" \"You live comfortably now,\" pointed out Gwen. \"Our combined incomes are more than enough to sustain us. I mean, we get 5 cents every time a Galaxy Quest Blu-Ray is sold, 20 cents every time another product with our faces on it is sold. That's not even counting the $750,000 we each made per movie they forced us to do.\" \"I'm glad we invested it,\" said Jason. \"Otherwise, I'd be forced to take bit roles in movies I hate just to make ends meet.\" \"You do realise that until the Thermian incident, Alexander hated his most famous line,\" said Kwan. \"It was only when it became meaningful that he didn't hate it any longer.\" \"To Alexander,\" said Jason, toasting again. \"Now, who's calling for the taxis?\" Sir Alexander Dane, OBE 1956-2026 / Alan Rickman, 1946-2016 Yes, there are a lot of Star Trek references here. I see pre-\"Real World Movie\" Jason as William Shatner (except better looking) The Quest movies are obvious parodies of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan , Star Trek III: The Search for Spock, and Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. Richard III was mentioned in the real life movie. The references to investing are because a lot of actors squander their money, failing to realise that the TV work isn't going to last forever. In this time-line, Sir Alexander Dane was 43 at the time of the Thermian incident, and I moved the time-line ten years, as there had to be some time in between 1999 and 'now' for the other actors to be out of work (for the most part) RIP Alan Rickman, and may your memory be eternal! Eternal Memory!  ! To gunman: I fixed the curtain calls thing. I meant from the beginning to have someone correct him on that, but forgot as I was writing. ","Summary":" By Grabthar's Hammer by coolhacker1025 \"Jason, is that you?\" asked the man on the telephone as Ja"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Authorial Intent","Author":"Leaper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7858481","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Laredo's hands are injured, and he is offered biomechanical replacements made of No Dr. Lazarus's father visits the ship, and No A mission takes them to a planet where half the population is liquid, and half No, no, NO!\" Mort Messer paced his L.A. studio apartment, shaking his head. He plucked his half-smoked cigarette from his lips and stared at it in disgust. He ground it out in an ashtray already getting full of discarded butts. Mort lit up yet another, trying to will the ideas to come. Mort was a tall, paunchy man, his greying and thinning red hair tied back in a ponytail. He was a television writer of long standing, a veteran in an industry that was at least three-quarters \"never was\"-es. He'd worked on a variety of different shows, as a regular and a freelancer, but his favorite job by far, and the one that put his name on the lists of various producers across the industry, was as a staff writer on Galaxy Quest . Now there was a show! He was as excited as anyone else about the revival (especially since he hadn't sold a script since that CSI: Miami episode almost five months ago); the second he heard the news, he called his old friend Stan Collins, who had just been announced as head writer on the series. Stan was friendly, but apologetic: \"Sorry, Mort, I know your work, but you'll have to submit and apply just like everyone else. This is a hot property, and I gotta make sure everything's above board.\" All right, sure, Mort had mostly expected that. And why not; it would give him a chance to stretch his sci-fi muscles once more. But as the hours passed, and the Microsoft Word screen mocked him with its blankness, he was starting to wonder if his muse had fled to greener pastures. He knew about the new characters, of course, from the treatment packet: the swaggering ladies man of a security chief (the comic relief, obviously) and the tech engineer, a beautiful alien with a mysterious agenda who starts falling for Chen. They had potential, to be sure, but Mort vastly preferred the original characters, the people he knew and loved. But they were being so stubborn , at least in his mind He was just starting to develop an idea involving a war with the dog-like Hyakons and Commander Taggart's brilliant stratagem involving a high-frequency scanner burst when someone knocked at the door in rapid pulses. His train of thought immediately derailed. Grumbling under his breath, he stalked to the door and opened it. A \"what do you want?\" started to rise in his throat, but it immediately choked itself off. On the other side of the door was a tall, shapely woman in a black pants suit. He recognized her at once; he'd brushed by her in the halls of the studio during his Galaxy Quest days, a moment he'd never forget. He never really saw her again; writers were rarely, if ever, needed on set, but there was no way he wouldn't know her on sight. \"Y-you're Gwen DeMarco\" He knew how much he sounded like a stammering fanboy at a con, but he couldn't bring himself to care at that moment. She smiled sweetly at him, an image from years of fantasies. \"And you're Mort Messer.\" \"T-that's me\" \"Writer of episode 116, 'The Quasar Dilemma'?\" \"Yes\" Her smile grew wider. \"That's nice.\" Mort had only a moment to register the stormy anger that came over her before her punch lashed out and hit him square in the face. He staggered backwards, collapsing to the floor in a chaos of agony. His vision filled only with his ceiling, he heard, rather than saw, Gwen screech, \"That was for the chompy, crushy things, you you hack !\" The door slammed, and her stomping footsteps echoed through the walls as they gradually disappeared down the hall. For long moments, Mort lay on the floor, the hardwood cool against the back of his head. When he finally rose, his chin was starting to turn purple, but his eyes were bright, and his lips were split with a smile (as well as being just split). \"While on shore leave on Garduul IV,\" he whispered softly, almost in wonder, \"Lt. Madison accidentally breathes in the spores of the rare Boreak bloom. She becomes a black widow, a seductress who kisses then kills!\" He leaped to his feet and sprinted to his laptop. Cracking his knuckles, heedless of the pain and the blood starting to leak from his lip, he began to write. ","Summary":" \"Laredo's hands are injured, and he is offered biomechanical replacements made of No Dr. Lazarus"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"A Valentine For Tawney","Author":"Buffybot76","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1236497","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: A Valentine For Tawney Author: Rose Email: buffybot76@hotmail.com Rating: PG Genre: Romance Pairing: Tawney Madison/Dr. Lazarus Disclaimer: I do not own the characters of the movie Galaxy Quest. They belong to Dreamworks and David Howard and Robert Gordon, the writters of that wonderful screenplay. Summary: A little GQ Valentine fic. Feedback: Yes, please Lieutenant Tawney Madison stalked down the passageway of the NSEA Protector that led to her living quarters. She was livid as she went, contemplating life and the unfair events leading up to this moment. Oh sure, she had graduated top of her class at the Starfleet Acadamy. Recieved high honors from all her instructor on her finals. She had even been chosen for the position of First Lieutenant aboard the Protector. She was very proud of that accomplishment... who wouldn't be? It was a fine ship, with a fine crew. And Commander Taggart was... \"Totally conceited and an absolute bastard!\" Tawney bit out angrily to herself. She and the Commander had been flirting back and forth ever since she had first stepped foot onboard the ship. For 2 years they had traded shy glances and sexual inuendos abounded. She had assumed that they were building up to something more, something solid. A relationship based on love rather than just mere physical attraction. That was what Tawney wanted. A love that was neverending and perfect and destined. But how could she believe that now after what she had just seen? She guessed her infatuation with the handsome Commander had blinded her to his more womanizing ways. How silly of her to assume that come Valentine's Day he would declare his undying love for her. Instead, the day had come, and she had walked in on Commander Peter Quincy Taggart kissing the daylights out of a female Ensign in the Briefing Room. \"How could I be so *stupid*?\" She muttered as she made it the entry panel leading to her room. The door slid open silently and she marched inside...and beheld a most surprising sight indeed. There, sitting atop her antique 20th Century-style beurea, sat what could only be discribed as a Valentine. A square box elegantly packaged in wrappings of red, white and pink. Stepping forward, Tawney reached out slowly and picked up the present. It had a small card attached, so she extricated it from its perch within the bow and examined the script and its text. Tawney, I know you were expecting a different sweetheart for Valentines, but I hope that perhaps I will do. If you wish to hear me out, meet me in the Observation Deck at 1300 hours, and all will be explained. Your secret Valentine Tawney's heart sped up as well as her breathing, as she looked at her watch and noticed she had only 5 minutes to get to the Observartion Deck, and it was clear on the other side of the ship. Grasping the box tightly, Tawney dashed from the room and down the passageway, hoping that she wouldn't miss her secret Valentine. As she ran, her mind began going through a list of possibilities. Tech Sergeant Chen? No, he had Laliarie. Lieutenant Laredo? No, he wasn't her type. Plus, she had the sneaking suspicion that he batted for the other team. Security Chief Ingersol, or as he preferred to be called, \"Roc\"? Oh, goodness, no. They never got along. Dr. Lazarus? Tawney scoffed at that idea. The Tev'Meckian was not the type of Officer to do something like this, especially for a human. As far as Tawney knew, the Mak'Tar didn't even acknowledge the Earth custom known as Valentine's Day, so that was the end of that idea. It seemed to take forever, but finally, out of breath as she may have been, Tawney made it to the entry panel of the Observation Deck. Inserting her access card, which hung on an intricate chain around her neck, the lndicator light on the panel changed from red to green as the panel slid open. Taking a moment to compose herself and straighten her uniform--not to mention catch her breath--Tawney walked inside the room. As the panel slid closed behind her, the first thing Tawney noticed was that the flourescent lighting had been dimmed considerably, leaving an eerie, but surprisingly, romantic glow about the room. The next thing she noticed was the shocking spread of material that lay on the floor beneath the Observation Panel in the roof. Looking back down, Tawney saw that there was *actual* food laid out on the red and white checkered spread. One platter held sandwiches, while another held fried chicken. There was a bowl of mashed potatoes and gravy, and even a heart shaped cake for dessert. Two glasses sat beside a bottle of vintage wine, and what looked to be a wicker basket filled with hot biscuits. \"Oh, my!\" Tawney breathed. Looking around, Tawney sensed she was not alone in the room, but could not see anyone in sight. Suddenly, the above panel slid open, displaying the vast void of space beyond the transparent shield. Inky black velvet dotted with sparkling jewel-like stars. The sight was breathtaking. Out of nowhere it seemed, a pair of hands covered her eyes, drawing her body back against a very solid, very manly chest. A squeak of surprise emerged before Tawney could stiffle it, causing a deep, warm chuckle to vibrate against her back as it issued from the chest she was being held against. \"Guess who?\" whispered the deep baritone voice that only one person on the entire ship possessed. Surprised, Tawney broke away, turning to stare in shock at none other than Chief Advisor, Dr. Lazarus. *No way!* Tawney thought to herself. *He couldn't possibly.... He would never.... It just CAN'T be him!* Smiling, Lazarus stood and watched the expressions as they flitted over Tawney's face. Shock, disbelief, confusion and finally... acceptance. \"It's you.\" Tawney could have kicked herself at her statement of the obvious. How dense could she be. *And I thought I was intelligent*, she thought bitterly to herself. \"So it would seem,\" Lazarus replied warmly. Glancing over her shoulder to look at the food he continued. \"It would be an awful shame for all this food to go to waste. You can't imagine how hard it was to get this stuff from the last Star Port, not to mention bribing the Galley chef to prepare it correctly. So what do you say, Tawney? Care to join me for a picnic? Mesmerized, Tawney nodded, allowing Lazarus to take her by the hand and lead her over to the spread. Together, they sank down to sit on the ground and partake of their small feast. She was still surprised that Dr. Lazarus even knew what a \"picnic\" was, much less how to plan one. After a few moments, in which Lazarus poured Tawney and himself a glass of wine, Tawney managed to tactfully say something. \"The food looks delicious.\" Well.... maybe not as tactful as she thought. She tried again. \"You said in the card that you would explain?\" *Oh, wonderful, Madison, get straight to the point why don't you?* Dr. Lazarus handed Tawney the glass of wine he had poured for her. After taking a deep breath, he said, \"Tawney... How much do you know about the Mak'Tar and our rituals and customs?\" The question took Tawney off guard, for she had not been expecting it. Pondering a bit before answering, Tawney came to the realization that she did not know all that much about Dr. Lazarus' species. She had saw it as none of her business and, therefore, never bothered to inquire. Finally, all Tawney could do was shake her head no, indicating how unfamiliar she was with the Mak'Tar. \"Well, Tawney, you might be surprised that the Mak'Tar are not unlike Earthlings when it comes to matters of the heart.\" Imitating a gesture that she had seen Lazarus use on many occasions, Tawney raised a brow to indicate her interest. The humor of it was not lost on Lazarus and he laughed in that pleasingly deep laugh again. \"So... what matter of the heart are we discussing here?\" Tawney asked. Lazarus' expression became guarded and he looked away as he spoke, as if he were unsure of her reaction to what he was about to say. \"There is a Mak'Tar custom that is similar to what you humans call Valentine's Day. It even falls on the same time-frame, the differences being that instead of yearly, our custom is celebrated every ten years. At the time of celebration, our clan are free to seek out their Life Mates, which are revealed to us in a dream the night before the actual occasion.\" Here Lazarus looked at Tawney, his dark hypnotic eyes boring into her sky-blue ones, as he continued to speak. \"I had the dream last night, and do you want to know who I saw as my Life Mate?\" Tawney had a pleasingly good idea that she already knew, but wanted to hear him say it all the same, so she nodded. \"You.\" It is strange how a simple word can totally change your life forever. But that is exactly what this one did to Tawney Madison. Upon hearing it, Tawney felt it as the realization dawned. Lazarus, not Peter, was the one with who she was meant to be with. To share her life and heart and soul. As it unfolded to her, Tawney knew that this was what she wanted. For now and forever, she wanted to be Laz's Life Mate. Looking down, she realized that she still held the gift that Laz had left in her quarters, in her hands. Without hesitation, she opened it to reveal a crystal orb that glowed an array of glorious colors. Reds, golds, blues of all different shades and hues. \"That,\" Lazarus indicated the orb with a nod as he spoke, \"is the Mak'Tar equivalent of a 'Would you be mine?' Valentine. So the question remains, Tawney...\" Here he paused as he shifted closer, taking her chin in his hand and tilting her head up to catch her eyes again. \"Will...You...Be...Mine?\" Silence filled the Observation Deck as they stared at each other. One in anticipation. One in wonderment. Then... \"Yes.\" The word that forever changed Dr. Lazarus' life was uttered. \"Oh, yes!\" Flinging herself into Lazarus' waiting arms, Tawney Madison thought that maybe she had been handed the Universe on a silver platter. And, as their lips met for the first time, she decided that she was right. The End ","Summary":" Title: A Valentine For Tawney Author: Rose Email: buffybot76@hotmail.com Rating: PG Genre: Romance "},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Quellek's Past","Author":"AnimeGirl 144","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9289119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My teacher showed us Galaxy Quest in class one day, and it made me want to rewatch the movie. He showed us Quellek's death scene, and I couldn't help but feel bad for the alien kid. And so I made this rather short one shot that is probably incorrect. I don't own a DVD to the movie, I can't find anywhere to watch it, so this comes from what I've been able to get my hands on. Enjoy. Quellek was a young boy when he discovered the Historical Documents. His planet received the transmission and immediately broadcasted it to the homes of every Thermians. In the time of uncertainty, these videos provided hope. They were based on a spaceship and her crew, overcoming evil, but also promoting peace and understanding among the various alien races. Quellek quickly identified with Dr. Lazarus of Tev'Meck. He was the only alien shown to be a part of the main crew. The young Quellek - after watching the many moments in which Lazarus would prove himself not only as an intellect, but as a caring friend to his fellow crew makers - thought of the Mak'tar as a father figure, given that he grew up without one. It was through no fault of his father; he was killed by Sarris. He never knew his father, outside of what his mother told him, so instead, he relied on Dr. Lazarus to fulfill the role. Quellek was like the many children on his planet who studied the documentations. He paid special attention to Dr. Lazarus, and even defended the man if he heard someone say something ill about the doctor (though he quickly learned to not get into verbal arguments, because Lazarus' lessons taught him this). His society was beginning to model themselves after the crewmen of the Protector , and so it was easy for him to follow through with it and modeled his life style after Dr. Lazarus. When his home planet was destroyed, he fell into being Lazarus' pupil faster. It was known throughout his people that he was the one to go to about anything Lazarus, and when it was decided that they would travel to Earth to gain aid against the monster who had tormented them for so long, Quellek took it upon himself to make the arrangements for Dr. Lazarus. He would see to it that everything was set for his idol. ","Summary":" My teacher showed us Galaxy Quest in class one day, and it made me want to rewatch the movie. He sh"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Once Bitten, Twice Shy","Author":"jackwabbit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9906202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once Bitten, Twice Shy Rated : G Category : Drabble. Jason and Gwen, however you want to interpret them. Setting : Post-movie. Summary : Jason Nesmith might be a slow learner, but he does know a few things very well. Disclaimer : Galaxy Quest doesn't belong to me. It does belong in the movie hall of fame. Note : This one was for William, who knows to always do the math. xxx Just once, Gwen wanted a normal weekend. But she wouldn't get that today. Today, she sat in the ER, waiting on Jason  again. When the doctors were done with him, he sheepishly grinned at her. \"Thanks for bringing me.\" Gwen waved him off. \"Just promise me you won't try to fix the lawn mower again.\" \"And have it best me? No way. Never give\" Gwen cut him off. \"Don't. Even. Say. It.\" Jason clamped his mouth shut for once. After all, Galaxy Quest had taught him two things. One, never wrestle a rock monster. And two, never argue with Tawny Madison. ","Summary":" Once Bitten, Twice Shy Rated : G Category : Drabble. Jason and Gwen, however you want to interpret "},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Alex's Reflection","Author":"The Fishkeeper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6256405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] REFLECTION Sir Alexander Dane sits down in front of the mirror, hours earlier than the rest of the cast to have time to do his own make-up. \"That's the thing about these 'conventions',\" he grumbles, fiercely screwing a bottle of wig glue shut. \"Too cheap to afford someone else to do the damned job.\" He grabs the case of purple powder and smudges it along the edge of his cap. He's done the whole thing so many times it has become ridiculously routine. After putting some finishing touches on his eyebrows, he squints critically at himself. With a grave and regal frown at his face in the mirror, his only audience, he murmurs, \"Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this sun of York. By Grabthar's Hammer, you shall be avenged. Dammit.\" Sobriety disappears into a heavy glower and his fist sweeps across the counter in frustration, knocking the jar of brushes over. He covers his face with one hand, and then lets it slide down to support his chin. His fingers twiddle with the spilled brushes and slowly replace them one by one. Eventually, the actors of the Galaxy Quest cast arrive. Tommy, Fred, Gwen. Not Jason. Oh ho no, not Jason. Too full of himself to turn up with the rest of them. Alex picks up the brush and puts it to his nose thoughtfully, staring at himself in the mirror. His reflection is detached, thoughtful. He doesn't listen to the others' talk. Grand scenes of himself as Richard III replay in his mind. \"How did I come to this?\" he murmurs. A pause. \"I played Richard III. There were five curtain calls. I was an actor once, dammit  now look at me, look at me !\" He throws down the brush. \"I won't go out there and say that stupid line one more time.\" He gets to his feet with an expression of utter disgust, turning away from his reflection. ","Summary":" REFLECTION Sir Alexander Dane sits down in front of the mirror, hours earlier than the rest of the "},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Smiles and Silent Questions","Author":"Carnivorous Moogle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10338736","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mathesar would be the first to admit that human customs are a mystery to him. For this reason, he makes no complaint when Jason interrupts the press and slide of lips-teeth-tongue to roll him onto his back, and straddles him with hunger in his eyes. Instead, he watches with interest as his clothes are systematically unbuttoned, unzipped, and summarily discarded. It is not until he is fully unclothed, his pale skin exposed to the dim light of the candles, that Jason glances up at him as if seeking permission, and Mathesar realizes what it is he's asking. He answers with a smile. This expression, stretching the contours of a foreign face and mouth, should be so, so strange and yet feels so very wonderful, and it never fails to make Jason look as though he is both utterly lost and completely at home. (It's one of the few human emotions Mathesar can easily recognize, being intimately familiar with it himself.) Now is no exception, and Jason understands immediately. He grins, and it is almost the smarmy cocksure smirk that he shows to the world, almost, but there is home and lost and want and need and it is not the same at all. It is Mathesar's smile, the smile he left his ship and crew and all that was left of his home behind for; and when Jason asks him a question inside a wordless question was it worth it? his answer will always be yes. ","Summary":" Mathesar would be the first to admit that human customs are a mystery to him. For this reason, he m"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Mak'Tar","Author":"TFALokiwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11745303","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One hundred twenty-four years since Lazarus first met Commander Peter Taggart. He was often times illogical and irrational, which seemed to rub off on Lazarus on notable occasions. Sole survivor of a genocide left stranded in a time he does not belong: his race intact, alive, even! The genocide had not happened nor had it occurred due to Weo's intervention by eliminating the Meechans homeworld and ditching him on his home world populated by Mak'Tar. And then Weo went to destroy Earth, the planet his 'mate' hailed from, only to be stopped by Cadet Peter Taggart and Commander Lazarus. Lazarus looked down toward the photo in his hands sitting down in a chair. He had drawn a image of his old friend, his mate, and commanding officer in the two years he spent on this world. Tawny had been there to tell Lazarus that Taggart was lost, hopelessly, and that she 'grieved with him' for the loss of their old friend. Lazarus closed his eyes taking himself back to the heartbreaking last conversation he shared with his captain. His admiral. His . . . His everything. They had a argument. Taggart left for a visit to the NTE-3120 NSEA Protector-B. A tear landed on the frame. Lazarus had a bad feeling all along about that ship. Lazarus had told his mate about this feeling, and apparently, Taggart thought Lazarus was jealous because he was an Ambassador who's very busy in fact too busy to visit the ship he served on for five plus years. He walked out believing his mate had some unresolved issues with the ship because of the numerous times his lab was destroyed and Taggart had to painstakingly repair it with the help of the digital conveyor Tech Sargent Chen. Chen was stuck, for seventy-five years, in the digital conveyor until the NTE-3120 NSEA Protector-D along with John De Lancie, tech sergeant, and Commander Johnny Jacobs Striker under the command of Captain Jake Vickerd rescued him. Lazarus opened his eyes. He had failed to save the planet of Klonus, homeworld of Klonuns, from a rogue super nova. Earth was spared of a terrible fate. \"I miss you, old friend.\" Lazarus said. Tawny Madison died at the age of a hundred twenty surrounded by her loved ones. Lazarus, on the other hand, chose to raise the two children he had with Taggart after the man's supposed death. He could feel, somewhere, in his gut, that Taggart was still alive out there. Bob and Sarah, the children, grew up hearing the stories of their other father. Sarah Taggart reminded Lazarus strongly of her father. Bob? He just reminded Lazarus of himself. He chose the Mak'Tar way over the human way. Reptile, who ate living insects. It disgusted his sister Sarah. Now, here he was, far away from his grand children and his children. Ring . Ring . Ring . Lazarus put the photograph on the table then he walked into the room, his hands behind his back military style, and he made his slow stride to the communications room. With a mutter, the screen glowed to life to display a youthful and very young Captain Peter Taggart of the Alternate Original Timeline. He had a grin from ear to ear. He was twenty-seven at this time. His eyes were hazel instead of blue. Lazarus felt a smile trying to come out on his face at the sight of the younger man. He called this version 'Alternate Taggart' in his perspective. Alternate Taggart had his hands on the arm of the chair. \"Hey old Lazarus!\" Alternate Taggart said. \"We are making a quick visit.\" Lazarus raised an eyebrow. \"So soon?\" Lazarus asked. \"We visited you last year on June 1st,\" Alternate Taggart said. \"It is May 31st. We have a big surprise for you.\" Lazarus lowered his eyebrow. \"Is it going to be another birthday party that isn't a surprise?\" Lazarus asked. Alternate Taggart folded his arms with a frown. \"Why you got me, old man!\" Alternate Taggart said. \"Actually, we just want to visit you.\" \"Captain-\" Alternate Lazarus started to say. \"Shhh!\" Alternate Taggart said, darting his eyes in the direction of Alternate Lazarus. Lazarus raised an eyebrow. \"It seems my other self is having difficulty concealing this secret.\" Lazarus said. L. . . L. . . \"Of course, we do,\" Alternate Taggart said, lowering his hand down. \"You should have an award not just a silly old house for doing what you did and we are going to give you one!\" He clasped his hands together. \"You are going to be happy when you see our big surprise.\" Eighty-five years later after being told by Tawny, Lazarus was told by Jake Vikard that he had seen his friend fall into a void, stabbed in the back, by a mad scientist. He did not feel Taggart's death. He should have felt that. Their connection was strong. He had, at one point, felt their connection snap after that radiation trap had brought him to Grabthar's door. His body was sent into a torpedo that crashed on a planet named Hell. It was like hell, quite literately, and his body began to regrow starting from infancy. With a mind. He had spoken to Taggart telepathically, difficulty though, learning it had been months since his death and his mate had become depressed and lost the light that defined him as a person. He had all his memories. Re-configuring their connection was easy and it brought them closer as a couple. Laz . . . \"I anticipate your arrival, captain.\" Lazarus said. Alternate Taggart smiled. \"See you at the landing pad!\" Taggart said, with a wave. The screen turned off. Lazarus should have felt Taggart's death. . . . June 1st. . . . . . Tev'Meck . . . There were Mak'Tar who respected Lazarus and his achievements, some were paranoid that he knew too much, some squirmed at his presence, and most of all everyone had mixed reactions. Some were over joyed that he had not saved a entire planet and lead to their continued survival. Lazarus was left with the reminder that he was trully alone in this world thanks to Weo ditching him. It was Weo's intentions that Lazarus suffer. La . . . La. . . Lazar. . . Lazarus. Lazarus was in fact suffering long before he met Weo. And he was suffering even more. Lazarus looked over, stunned, to hear a voice from the past. There were Mak'Tars sitting by a fountain, their middle fingers meeting each other and their eyes stuck on one another. Their organic frill on the back of their heads made a unique sound by going upwards and allowing illogical air to come out. He was part of a logical species with illogical body parts. Taggart joked that the only one who could get pregnant in their relationship was Lazarus because he had his mothers egg inside prepared for his mating season. They had Sarah and Bob, five years apart. Lazarus shook his head and resumed his pace. Lazarus ! This was illogical. He could see there being a digital conveyor landing building. The Protector had her own specific landing digital conveyor landing pad. True, Lazarus felt happy that his race was alive in this timeline. But he wasn't truly happy without his mate. Peter Quincy Taggart. Taggart hated it when Lazarus called him by his middle name. It was a name Lazarus would tease Taggart with in private. Lazarus walked slowly into the building past the other Mak'Tars. He didn't need the cane to walk. Mak'Tars were reptile like, they could move freely and quickly even in their old age. He could feel the bonds of the other Mak'Tars jolting with life freely and full of energy, joy, and happiness. He came to the Protector's assigned conveyor (one that Alternate Taggart bought out using NSEA currency much to NSEA's dismay) then the door opened for him widely even though it was shaped like a rounded circular door ripped out of A Hobbit movieverse. Lazarus walked into the room that had a circular pad. Lazarus had his hands behind his back and he waited. Lazarus watched two figures digitally appear, their pixels appearing and coming into focus turning into solid three dimensional beings. Alternate Taggart reminded Lazarus greatly of his mate. The one he had lost. Lazarus had gotten these two together with much work on his part. He had to search out the man ditched on a tropical planet with hot ass chicks and danger free. It annoyed Lazarus that this never happened when he marooned Taggart when he went insane because he not been enforced on shore leave. It took some convincing but he did it and worked where he met Chen on the same planet. It made the old Mak'Tar smile seeing the much younger friend still working on 'digital conveyor jump string' which his other self had accomplished a hundred years later. It didn't hurt to help. Alternate Taggart was grinning, his hair freshly combed, and his hands were to his side. \"Hello, captain,\" Lazarus said, then he had a nod toward his younger counterpart. \"Commander.\" \"May we now?\" Alternate Lazarus asked. Lazarus? \"Now.\" Alternate Taggart said. The two stepped aside to reveal a familiar face. He still looked quite young, his brown hair was still engaging in a long term fight with the grayness coming from the side, and his blue eyes stood out to the old Mak'Tar. He was still in the uniform he walked out in in the communication video Lazarus shared with Taggart. A smile grew on the man's face and he came over to the Mak'Tar who was stunned. \"Ooh my god, you look so old.\" Taggart said, putting one hand on the side of the Mak'Tar's face. Alternate Taggart looked over toward his Lazarus with his face saying, 'Hey, why is he touching you? You never let anyone touch you.' mixed with disbelief, confusion, and shock. Taggart's hand slid off the reptilian man's face. There was that glow about Taggart's face. Something that was endearing, trust worthy, and that of a partner. The words were slipping out of the Mak'Tar's mouth. \"I wa. . . I was . . . was told you died.\" Lazarus said. \"Since when? I fell into a void after getting Chen out of the technology section. You don't know how boring it gets floating in a space that has the same dull purple-blue atmosphere, and then, these kids found me!\" He pointed over to the two using his thumb. \"They called it the Texum. I was inside the Texum! And it was the most boring uneventful thing I ever been in!\" Lazarus put a hand on the side of Taggart's face. After a few moments, Lazarus eyes were full of tears, and his stoic demeanor fell as he slid his hand down to his side. \"It is really. . . really you,\" Lazarus said. \"My mate.\" Taggart's middle finger brushed on Lazarus's middle finger. \"Who wouldn't I be?\" Taggart asked. Lazarus wrapped his arms around his mate and cried into his shoulder, sobbing, \"I have missed you,Peter!\" Taggart closed his eyes as he could feel their bond repairing itself. Lazarus, I am here ,Taggart mentally thought, and I am never going to leave your side again. I was wrong. So very wrong . Lazarus's green eyes stood out as the tears were coming out. They're all dead , Lazarus thought, you and I are all that remains of the crew . Lazarus closed his eyes, clutching onto Taggart as though they may be separated again. Lazarus, we have a lot to catch up on , Taggart replied. Alternate Taggart flipped out his Vox. \"Prepare to digitize us up, Chen.\" Alternate Taggart said. \"Yes, captain!\" Came Alternate Chen over the item. Alternate Taggart and Alternate Lazarus share a glance as they were being digitized in a haze of blue. Alternate Taggart had a smug smile about his face and Alternate Lazarus had a 'why is he smiling?' with a raised eyebrow as they were disappearing before the prime versions of themselves now on their knees both at once crying. Lazarus's green eyes opened watching the two vanish before his eyes. The captain and the doctor, just the way it should be. The End. ","Summary":" One hundred twenty-four years since Lazarus first met Commander Peter Taggart. He was often times i"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Never Give Up, Never Surrender!","Author":"BoxOfScraps","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6288082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Heyyyy guys?\" The Adrian Monk looking dude asked as he appeared on the monitor of the ship. The ship was taking massive damage as they tried to evade Sarris. \"Hi guys. Listen, they're telling me that the generators won't take it, the ship is breaking apart and all that. Just FYI.\" There was an explosion and an alien dude flew across the screen behind him and then the screen clicked off. \"We've got to stop!\" Snapeer, Alexander shouted. The ship roared on. \"Does no one listen to the British man?\" Jason tossed his shoe at him and focused on the screen. \"If we stop we...do the opposite of live.\" \"Die?\" Random dude asked. \"Yes, thank you, that's it! Die. Oh...\" Jason realized the urgency. \"Okay, hold the thrust down, we'll blast out of here to infinity and beyond.\" Everyone stared at him for a minute. \"What?\" Alexander nearly attacked him then and there, but held back. \"The thrust isn't meant for that, it's only for quick boosts!\" The thrust was still held down, but after a moment it slows down near a minefield. \"Of course, no one listens to the smart one.\" Just then a One New Message alert popped up on the screen. \"Ooh, I have mail.\" Jason ordered it to be opened and all that it said was Look Behind You . Jason spun around in the chair... And Iron Man stood there. \"Hi.\" Tony Stark blasted Jason off of his chair and looked around. \"I am Iron Man, and...wait, haven't I been here before? Star Trek? Yeah, look-\" He pointed at Alexander. \"There's even that freaky butt-headed dude!\" \"What the hell ? Is this hate on the Brit day?\" Everyone shouted 'Shut Up' in unison and Alexander slumped down in his chair. \"Ha! No one likes you.\" Iron Man said as he blasted the control panel. \"And now you're all going to die, have fun with that!\" \"But so are you.\" A gruff voice said from behind. Batman stepped out of the shadows, holding a pistol. \"Payback time, bitch. And this time.\" He cocked the gun. \"I'm not fuckin' around, Tony.\" Everyone stared at the two as the ship careened into the minefield. They were doomed, but at least they were going out with a bang. Iron Man yawned and crossed his arms. \"Obviously you haven't seen my movies, guns can't pierce my armor, so-\" Batman fired a shot at Tony's leg and it went right through. \"OW! That's...that's ow!\" \"Told you I'd get my revenge.\" Batman started to laugh maniacally, closing his eyes and all. But when he stopped and opened them, Iron Man was right in front of him. Iron Man raised his mask and smiled. \"Gotcha.\" He punched Batman as hard as he could, sending him into the transportation chamber. He flew in there and hit some random buttons. \"Yeah, this...should do something or other.\" Batman stood up and prepared to fire, but his particles began to shift around. \"Aw...dammit.\" Batman disappeared in an instant, to someplace somewhere. \"Well, my work is done. Have fun dying all, I've been Iron Man!\" Tony flew through the roof of the ship and somehow survived the flight in space. The main crew all looked at each other and sighed. Alexander stood up and raised his hand. \"I just want to say...I hate all of you.\" \"We hate you too, dick!\" One of the aliens shouted...right before the ship kersploded into a million pieces. Meanwhile... There was a flash and Batman landed hard on the ground. He looked around for a moment. \"Son of a bitch...I'll get him for this...I SWEAR! Now where am I?\" Then suddenly four creatures appeared out of nowhere. They all laughed and when they emerged from the shadows...four Spongebob Squarepants...es. Then more and more and more appeared out of nowhere. He'd been taken to some horrible Spongebob only planet. \"No...no...NOOOOOOO!\" ","Summary":" \"Heyyyy guys?\" The Adrian Monk looking dude asked as he appeared on the monitor of the ship. The "},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Fake Plastic Life","Author":"Amatara","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7731642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fake Plastic Life When Alexander was eight, he threw a temper tantrum over a school play. It was the kind of story that cried out for reenactment at family gatherings, which his parents did enthusiastically, much to Alex's despair. He'd asked for a speaking part, and had been turned down. Not because there were better candidates, oh no. What Mr Browne had told him, with that bedrock certainty of teachers everywhere, was that, quote, unquote, \"a shy boy like him would do better out of the spotlight\". That had been rather the wrong thing to say. The details had faded with time, but the injustice of it had stuck. So he wasn't a loud-mouth like some others. What difference did that make? What else did \"acting\" mean than putting on the mask of a person you weren't? And what business did anyone even have casting plays if they were too dumb to grasp that simple fact? Still, the whole drama had its upside. When it came to acting, he'd never had to wonder how much he wanted it. He knew the answer, as clearly as he'd known when he was eight and screaming it at his teacher in front of half the school: more than anything in the world. The one downside was that the pay was rubbish. Everything else, from the embossed name tag on his dressing-room door to the adrenalin rush every time the curtain rose, was perfect. Just fucking perfect. Take tonight. It was pouring outside, but he could tuck his feet under the table and sample oysters and champagne, all courtesy of the umpteenth posh reporter who'd insisted on this setting for an interview. If they thought stage actors dined here at their own expense, they were royally mistaken. Far be it for him to set the record straight. It was all part of the game; like the part where he was obliged to stomach the vitriol in order to get to the food. No matter how well he performed, he'd never be good enough to satisfy some of those vultures that called themselves critics. But that was old news. He certainly wasn't about to let it ruin his appetite. Or his spirits. \"So,\" his agent said. \"On a scale of one to ten for ruthlessness?\" She leaned in to pick a kumquat off his plate, and winked. \"This one?\" Alexander gestured at the interviewer, who was speed-smoking a cigarette just outside the front door. \"I'd say four. Barely. That last jibe about  what was it? 'Gratuitous application of pathos'? Just lifted it above the pubescent up to the mildly derogatory.\" \"Admit it,\" she said, suave as hell. \"That last jibe stung .\" Alexander matched her smirk muscle by muscle, but he knew she knew she was right. Bloody woman. Not that he didn't appreciate her frankness. It was his second-favourite thing about her, right after her complete lack of interest in getting into his bed. He'd never got used to the critics, like he'd never got used to perfect strangers throwing themselves at him at the stage door. On most days he just craved one thing: to be valued on an intellectual level, by people who weren't either after his skin, or his privates. They always said to be careful what you wished for. He rolled into TV work like most people did: through a mixture of sheer coincidence and stupidity. That, and some help from Gwen DeMarco, who'd landed him the role. The story of how they met was more cringe-worthy than amusing. He had been attending a premiere on Broadway when, at the reception that followed, several thoughts had struck him at once. One: people notinvolved in theatre tended to be far more appreciative of it than people who were, and far less snobbish. Two: if there was one thing he loathed more than snobbery, he bloody well couldn't say what it was. Three: if one and two were both true, why was he in this line of work in the first place? He'd always thought he wasn't the drinking type. Given a choice between downing overpriced scotch and keeping his wits about him, he far preferred the latter. Which is why it made no sense that his next memory would be of tripping on a doorstep, only to realize there was no way he'd be getting up again. Not under his own power. Gwen had passed him by, taken one good look, and saved him. Not, as it turned out, because she knew who he was. To this day he still couldn't tell what had possessed her, fraternizing with a perfect stranger who looked three sheets to the wind. He was a melancholy drunk, which made it even worse, but she'd listened to his gripes and matched them word by word. She'd been doing commercials, but wanted out. Desperately. As luck would have it, she'd just had a proposal for a TV show, which wait, weren't they trying to cast a British actor as well? The rest, as they say, was history. It was only later that he found out the difference, the real difference, between Gwen and him. In the face of adversity, Gwen was fearless. Gwen thrived. By the time he realized he didn't, he'd already sold his soul. They waited to mention the prosthetics until after he'd signed. Alexander could see the sense in that move. He wasn't sure whether to feel revulsion or awe for the thing, which they claimed was a skullcap but looked more like the alien from Alien , spray-painted purple. One thing was certain: he wasn't wearing the bloody thing . Not ever. They'd have to shoot him first. \"Ah, come on,\" Jason said, pounding his shoulder jovially enough to bruise. Alexander cringed. \"It's a piece of rubber. How big of a deal can it be? And you call yourself a trained actor?\" \"Yeah, man,\" Tommy Webber, proud owner of more hair than the rest of them (minus Gwen) put together, grinned. \"It's not like anyone's gonna see the difference.\" \"Don't be a kid,\" Gwen said. \"Just wear the damn thing!\" Alexander closed his eyes and focused on positive thoughts, starting with the thought of not punching his commander-to-be in the face. Then he gritted his teeth, picked up the prosthetic by two pairs of fingers, and put it on. For some reason, he was expecting it to feel like a victory. Instead it felt like a wearing a dead animal, only stickier. Two months later, he was taking the skullcap home at night. The others laughed, of course, but he let them. Having it close helped remind him that he was playing a part, kept him from bleeding too much into the character or the character into him. There seemed to be a general consensus that TV work made one less of an actor than performing on stage, but that was rubbish. Theatre might be a purer form of acting, but it stopped when you walked out the stage door. TV was different. Once people knew you, you couldn't just drop the act once you left the studio. In front of the cameras, at least, things were clear: you were either in the character's skin, or your own. Outside, you turned into this insane amalgam of both, and there was no telling where that led. Some of them, like Jason, were brilliant at pretending they weren't pretending. But Alexander wasn't fooled. As for the fans: on a good day, they were part of the game. On a bad one, he just gritted his teeth and thought of parallel universes. In some other version of this life, they weren't even there. It took a small miracle sometimes to realize what you had. That, or a minor alien incursion. Sometimes it took both. His fake plastic console on the set felt exactly like that  fake, wobbly, and cheap. But the status lights blinked in their old familiar patterns, and if he squinted, he could almost imagine they were real. To some people out there it was real, in a sense, and he wasn't just talking about the Thermians. To the fans, Galaxy Quest wasn't just entertainment. It was part of their lives. And why should that be any more ludicrous than having a passion for sports cars, or cooking, or bloody football? It was the same for everyone, in the end: you just tried to squeeze your toes into whatever foodhold you could find. That went for Alexander as much as anyone else. If he hadn't realized that before, it had been his mistake, not theirs. He stole a glance at Fred and Laliari, huddled together at the console next to his own, then at Jason, sprawled in the command chair as if he owned it. From across the bridge Gwen winked at him, straightened her jacket and grinned. After a moment, Alexander grinned back. Sparingly. But he grinned. What they had might not be glamorous, but the pay was decent and the company good, and at least he'd never have to moan about lack of appreciation. In some strange, twisted way, the job was all he'd ever wished for. Maybe he'd known that all along. Maybe that was why he'd hated it, or pretended to. But not anymore. It might still set his teeth on edge to watch Jason sweep by his fans with the same ease with which he swept through an alien minefield, but the anger was gone. Jason could have centre stage. Jason was born for centre stage. Alexander had never wanted it, anyway. He could live with playing Watson to Jason's Holmes, as long as that meant he could also bait him once in a while, and be Gwen's drinking buddy, and Tommy's funny-speaking ersatz uncle, and be at liberty to complain whenever he felt the need. That, and get a memorable line now and then. Even if it was a stupid line about a hammer. ","Summary":" Fake Plastic Life When Alexander was eight, he threw a temper tantrum over a school play. It was th"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Here We Go","Author":"irishais","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7442941","Passage":"[Chapter 1] here we go -irishais- Days after the convention, in a whirlwind of calls and agents and meetings, they find themselves famous again, with \"real\" acting jobs all lined up, with contracts just begging to be signed. Jason is fitted for a new uniform- a new costume, he corrects mentally. The first time they descend onto the new set of the bridge, Gwen touches his shoulder in reassurance. The collar of his jacket is suddenly too tight; he tugs at it as he crosses to his chair. \"Break a leg,\" Tommy chuckles, a private joke that the crew will never understand. Jason half-smiles and sits. The grid on the armrest doesn't react when he puts his hand over it, and the lever for the Omega 13 is on the wrong side of his chair. \"No one will notice,\" the director says, when Jason voices his concern before the cameras roll. But he will. Gwen will. Tommy will. Alexander will. Guy will. He shuts his mouth and waits for the countdown. Three, two- xx The first time they sit him in the makeup chair, Alexander almost wants to call the entire thing off. He doesn't, though, and is stuck there for nearly four hours while they carefully apply the Lazarus prosthetic over his hair. It itches more than the old one did; he wants to ask them to fix it, to redo it, but he knows it's only stalling. When he exits makeup, there is a queue of extras hanging out in the hallway behind the bridge set, and for a second, he thinks he sees Quellek. The boy turns, and laughs at something another extra has said. The laugh is natural, human. During one of the last scenes of the episode, a minor character dies in his arms, on the red-dust set of an alien planet. Somewhere behind him, Jason is ducking and rolling, shooting his little gun with as much gusto as he can- it's not nearly as much as Jason used to give, and Alexander thinks that he might be the only one who notices. He opens his mouth to speak. The words are there, hanging on the tip of his tongue, and the actor in his arms is a boy of only nineteen, with a dark, blunted haircut. \"By Grabthar's hammer-\" he begins, and the words die on his lips. He tries again and finds nothing. \"I need a moment,\" Alexander says abruptly, and lets go of the actor. He sweeps off the set without any further explanation, the director's shout of, \" Cut!\" echoing in his ears as he goes. Outside, the air is crisp and cool, one of the few times that Los Angeles isn't blanketed in smog and pollution. He inhales, exhales, inhales, exhales. (I have always considered you as a father to me.) Ten minutes later, they try again, and this time, Alexander makes it through the line without seeing a dead Thermian boy in place of the actor in his arms. The second they finish for the day, he holes himself up in the nearest pub he can find. xx Gwen keeps her communicator in the drawer next to her bed, and sees the look in Jason's eyes when he watches the stars. She has bruises on her arms from where Sarris' men grabbed her, marks that take days to heal. Her old uniform gets carefully mended, and Gwen keeps it in the back of her closet. They do a TV stint, hopping from talk show to talk show to discuss the future of the show and their spectacular (and destructive) reappearance at the Galaxy Con. They are famous again, if only by virtue of destroying the Los Angeles convention center. They ask her about her relationship with Jason. She laughs and smiles and makes suggestive comments, all the things expected of her, but mostly she keeps the details of their lives private, evading all but the most direct of questions. Fans stop her in the street, or coming out of a coffee shop, to ask for autographs and pictures. It overwhelms her, their sudden resurgence into popularity. Occasionally, more so than she would like to admit, she wonders what it would have been like to simply stay with the Thermians, instead of coming back to Earth. She invites Laliari over for dinner sometimes, just to remind herself that the entire thing wasn't a dream. Laliari asks her advice about acting, about L.A., about life on Earth in general. Gwen is as patient with her as she can be, but she does not envy Fred in the least. At least she and Jason come from the same planet . They gather at Jason's to watch the premiere of the show. Guy brings a case of beer, and for a while, everything is relaxed, at ease. Fred makes some jokes about rock monsters and Tommy follows up with a crack about pig-lizards. \"I should've brought my gun,\" Jason comments wryly. There's a moment of silence when the opening credits roll, and Gwen squeezes Jason's hand without even realizing that she is doing it until he squeezes back and whispers that it's okay. Afterward, when the show is over and everyone has gone home, she finds Jason standing in his backyard, staring at the stars. There's a black hole somewhere up there- she knows Jason believes that if he looks hard enough, he can see it. ","Summary":" here we go -irishais- Days after the convention, in a whirlwind of calls and agents and meetings, t"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Touch","Author":"kangeiko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/364254","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TOUCH SUMMARY:nI finally got my arse and wrote what I'd been getting around to fornages. It's probably very disjointed, but at least it's got me innthe fandom, so Not sure how to describe it, though. RandomnAlex-thoughts. Bit of fluff, with some angst thrown in for goodnmeasure. Alex/Jason. RATING:nPG-13. Damn. ARCHIVE:nAsk first. I'm not likely to say no. Thisnis not something I want to deal with. Indon't have time for this. I'venno idea how to cope with this. It'snnot happening. So.nThat's all right, then. \"Alex?\" \"Hmmm?\" \"Youncoming?\" Thisnisn't happening. \"Gimme a minute.\" Pull on a sweater  it'sncold outside. Jason'snwearing extra layers too. Bulks him up a bit. Focusnon the road, Alexander, not on Jason's bulk. Aren't I driving? \"Hey,nAlex, what do you think you're doing? I'm driving.\" Ohnyeah. Focus on the road, Alex. Alexander. Only Jason calls me Alex. Anlittle control, for God's sake. He only brushed against me for ansecond. Yes,nbut before it was only for a second too, wasn't it? What if I'mnwrong? What if I was imagining things? Wouldn't that be better? No.nIt should be yes, there, but it's not. And I can't explain, sonI'm not going to. Anyway. It didn't happen. \"Younokay, Alex?\" Andnhe's looking at me again, lazy-eyed, like we've been sitting herenfor hours and there's nothing else to talk about. I thoughtnheart-to-hearts only happened between women? \"I'mnfine.\" Any ninny can see I'm lying. \"Just didn't get a lotnof sleep.\" Yeah. That must have been it. Henisn't fooled. Like I expected he wouldn't be. Why do I evennbother? \"Uhuh.\"nAnd he stares straight ahead for the rest of the journey. Indon't know why I even agreed to let him give me a lift. It wasnalways going to be a hassle. And this Gwen's bloody party. Incould have asked Fred or Tommy to drop by No.nBecause I'm supposed to be friends with Jason. Right. Bloody hell. NonGwen, I don't want another drink. What I want is for you to drownnyourself in your champagne, or at the very least stop calling menevery five minutes to talk about bloody Jason! \"Um no, Gwen, I'mnfine. I'm not a real big fan of champagne. Really.\" \"Wantnme to hunt you down a beer? I'm sure I have some\" Shenlooks perfect, of course. Did I expect anything less? No. Of coursennot. That would be too much to ask for. What would it accomplish,nanyway? Suzy  or was that Chantelle? Suki? Charlize? Whatever -npounced on Jason the moment we walked through the door. Assistantnproductions manager or something like that. They'venbeen practically spooned together on the sofa for half an hour nownand all I can do is stare at my empty glass and wish that Gwen'snperfect hair wasn't quite so perfect. Well,nthere's no getting away from it. I've turned into a sad old git.nI need to get away from here. Go back home. Sort my life out. Getnaway from  \"Alex.\" -nhim. \"Jason.nTired of your friend?\" Hengrimaces. \"She's like a limpet. It took me forever to get herndetached from my arm,\" Andnwhy do I have to fight the urge to comment that it didn't look likenhis arm she was attached to? \"andnanyway, she's not really my type.\" Oh?nAnd just what is your type? \"Really.\" That's right. Soundnbored. Maybe he'll go away. \"Yeah.nAll bust, no brains.\" \"Didn'tnseem to bother you before.\" Damn, how did that slip out? Ready annapology, Dane \"Inguess.\" He seems a little vacant. \"D'you want another drink?\" \"No.nI'm fine.\" Henproduces a beer out of nowhere and gestures towards the open pationdoors. Damn him. \"Sure?\" Andndamn him again. \"Sonwhat was so important you had to bribe me out of earshot for?\"nAbout the show. Damnit, Jason, do I have to be your silent allynagain? I didn't even agree with you most of the time. I didn'tneven like you Butnhe gets his way, just like he always did. A new series? Sure. Godnonly knows why I agreed to it. Ten more years of being hunted. Hendoesn't say anything, and I have a feeling I'm glaring at him. Good. Thenn Hendoes that again. Onnpurpose. There's no way that could have been accidental unlessnit was. After all, you brush against people all the time, right? Youncould brush against them accidentally like that even twice in annevening. That whole-body brush it's possibly, right? Inguess it was my hesitation he was waiting for. \"Well.nAt least you're not running away. I guess that's a start.\" Hangnon. Isn'tnthis my line? Ultra-virile,nultra-heterosexual Jason woman-in-every-city Nesmith, and he stealsnmy line. Again. \"What?\"nOh, very eloquent, that. Right up there with \"To be, or not be\" nguaranteed award-winner. Andnhe backs off. Just watching me. \"Did I read you wrong?\" Mynmouth is dry suddenly. \"About what?\" Silence. Henlaughs. \"Jesus. I've known you for how long, Alex, and I stillncan't read you. Was this a complete screw-up?\" God.n\"Jason? What's going on?\" He'snstaring at me, at my face, and it's suddenly obvious that he'snnot staring just at my face, but at my mouth. And I have no idea whatnto do except wait for him to say something. Anyway. Softly,n\"was I wrong?\" And he brushes against me again. Inthink I dropped my drink. Hisnhand is on my wrist, encircling and rubbing the inside of it, anfinger surreptitiously over my pulse point. Yeah, I'm off-guard,nJason, you don't need a blood-rate reading to check it! Hensteps a little closer, and all of a sudden I remember why I don'tnwant to deal with this. Why I'm too old to do this. Why I can'tngo through this again. And it's going to be worse. I know it. Funny,nthen, when he steps a little closer that I don't pull away. \"Jasonn\" Stupid to protest. \"Shutnup,\" he says, and reaches up with his right hand to touch my face. Inalways knew he was smarter than he looked. fin ","Summary":" TOUCH SUMMARY:nI finally got my arse and wrote what I'd been getting around to fornages. It's proba"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Galaxy Quest: Quest for the Stellar Nursery","Author":"Mandy Marguerite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5467230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Galaxy Quest nnQuest for the Stellar Nursery Jason Nesmith deliverednhis last line of the script, but his mind was elsewhere. It had beenneight months since they returned from their voyage. Fred had askedneveryone to meet him in his dressing room after the shoot had ended. nThe last time he did this was to announce his engagement to Laliari. nThere was no telling what the news could be this time. \"Laliari is pregnant\"nFred opened confidently. \"Can this even benpossible?\" Gwen said astonished. \"Don't you need the same DNAnor something.\" \"In my species it isnpossible to mate with any species in the hopes of procreating. Thisnis a way for our population to spread and insure that we never dienout,\" Laliari explained to the crew. \"This is just wrong\"nGuy said in the background. \"Well,\" Gwen said,nswallowing hard. \"We will do anything to help. You need only ask.\" \"Well,\" Fred saidnin his usual casual-demeanor. \"We have a little dilemma. See itnturns out that Laliari cannot deliver our child here on earth. Ourngravity is too severe and will more than likely result in Laliari'snmiscarrying or worse still, premature delivery. Plus there arendoctors on her home planet that will be much more capable ofnunderstanding her, um, unique anatomy.\" \"Not to mention ifnwe were to deliver the child here, the government would surely findnout, confiscate and possibly dissect the child along with Laliari,\"nAlexander added dryly. \"Well we're justngoing to have to do something about that,\" Nesmith addednenthusiastically. \"Then what would younhave us do, beam her up to her home planet?\" Alexander answerednsarcastically. \"No, no don't benridiculous. Pods would be too dangerous for a Thermian with child. nCome on guys, we have a shuttlecraft just sitting in a warehouse. nBesides, the shooting for the season has just wrapped up so we'vengot two months off.\" \"That's exactlynwhat I was thinking,\" Fred said with a grin. \"Oh great plan, Jasonnbut are we forgetting that the ship suffered damage from our lessnthan perfect landing into the lot at the convention? I don'tnsuppose Fred can actually rebuild it like the character he plays onnthe show.\" Alexander said with dismissal. \"We could do it,\"nFred fired back. \" I've been talking with Laliari about thencomponents that we will be needing to get the ship operational andnshe has kept in contact with Mathesar who helped in the production ofnthe ship.\" \"Be that as it may,nwe can't exactly get parts for this thing at the local hardwarenstore.\" \"I have a cousinnwho's roommate's uncle works for NASA, he could probably get usnsome of the parts that we will need,\" Guy said. \"And that soundsnquite reliable.\" \"Why haven't younever mentioned this before?\" Jason asked. Guy shrugged. \"No one ever asked,\"nGuy replied. \"Well if Guy'snconnection works out, I think I know someone who might know a thingnor two about the schematics of the ship and how to begin to repairnit.\" Jason said with a grin on his face. * * * \"Is Brandon home?\"nJason asked the women on the other end of the telephone. \"Brandon you have anphone call,\" the woman screamed up the stairs. \"I'll be rightnthere mom,\" Brandon said as he glued the last part onto his modelnshuttlecraft. \"Hello?\" Brandonnanswered. \"Hi Brandon this isnJason Nesmith.\" \"Who?\" \"Commander PeternQuincy Taggert\" \"Oh Commander, Inthought that was your voice. How can I be of assistance CommandernTaggert, sir?\" \"Well it looks likenthe crew of the Protector need your help once more.\" \"As is my civic dutynto the cause, I will do anything. Just name it.\" \"I was wondering ifnyou happen to have the schematics for the shuttlecraft wencrash-landed on the surface a few months back.\" \"Of course I do, bothnin hard copy and digital file format.\" \"Well we were kindnof hoping you might be able to help repair the damage so that wencould get it back up into space.\" \"Are you kidding me?nI would like that. No I would love that. I mean I would be verynhonored to help you in any way I can. Just tell me when and where.\" * * * \"Okay now that we gotnthat squared away, how much time do we have before she pops?\" Jasonnasked while rubbing his hands together. \"A Thermiansngestation period is approximately one and a half earth years, I amnjust now in my third month.\" \"Well I wouldn'tncall for the Thermian ambulance just yet.\" \"No, not exactly,\"nFred replied. \"But we don't have all the time in the galaxyneither. With my calculations we have approximately six months to fixnthe ship, and it takes approximately another six months to reach thenThermian's new home planet\" \"Hold up a minutenthere Freddy boy. It's going to take six months to reach thenplanet? It only took us seconds the last time,\" Guy stated. \"Right but that'snbecause the command ship was within our sector the last time theynbeamed us on board. Traveling from one fixed point to another in thenfar reaches of the galaxy is an entirely different matter. Just benglad the voyage doesn't take several hundred thousand years thanksnto the Thermian's knowledge of traveling through wormholes.\" nFred replied casually. \"Now as I was saying calculate six months tonarrive and that gives us another three months to engage in hernpre-delivery rituals.\" \"Pre, delivery, umnrituals?\" Jason repeated. \"You'll see when wenget there. Gwen, we'll be looking to you for the most support atnthat phase of the game.\" Gwen did her best tonsmile. \"Consider me at yourndisposal. I just love babies.\" * * * Brandon showed up annhour later with rolled up maps and his mom's van filled to the topnwith old computer and engine parts. His \"posse\" rolled out ofnthe van dressed in full Galaxy Quest uniforms. \"I am here to serve,\"nBrandon said with his palm to his chest in official Galaxy Questnsalutation. \"Oh look whom younfound to save the day,\" Alexander said before rolling his eyes. n\"Lieutenant Fanboy and his loyal followers.\" Jason and the rest ofnthe exhausted crew took the opportunity to take a quick nap whilenBrandon and his friends argued about the best approach to fixing thendamaged shuttlecraft. Apparently there was some discretion betweenneditions of \"The Official Galaxy Quest Technical Manual\". They had kept thenshuttlecraft stored away in an old warehouse on the studio's lotnthat Jason and Gwen were able to lease now that their acting careersnwere resurrected in the new season of the show. The crew was quicklynbecoming reacquainted with the rigors of production schedules oncenmore as they had six months to film the first season of the show, twonoff then four months of shooting to meet the fall schedule. The newncontracts paid quite handsomely as well, a bonus only accented by thenfact that they were doing okay with royalties of the original show'snnear continuous run in syndication. Once months of tediousnshuttle-reconstruction labor led by Brandon and his friendsnconcluded, the cast of Galaxy Quest assembled outside the warehousednfor the big unveiling. \"Before I show it toonyou,\" Brandon began timidly. \"I should confess that we had tonorder some expensive parts off eBay to make this work.\" \"That's okay,nthat's why I gave them Alex's credit card.\" Jason said to Gwennin a whisper. \"Now let's check this thing out already.\" With that Brandonnshrugged and had his cronies press the button, which activated thenmassive garage door to the warehouse. Within was a shuttlecraft thatnlooked nothing like the one they had landed in. Gone was the crashndamage, and in its place was a gleaming example and stunning replicanof the shuttlecraft models they had each known so well from years ofnworking on the show. \"Since we knew thatnyou were going to be on a long journey we wanted to make sure thentrip was as comfortable as possible so we used the schematics fromnthe fourth season when Commander Taggert collaborated with thenwealthy Renigi Tribe. We reconfigured the kitchen and were able tonrepair the food replicator but unfortunately for Dr. Lazarus,ncouldn't program any of the foods from his home world.\" \"I am devastated,\"nAlexander muttered, \"but will learn to deal\". \"Well take a lookninside, we did our best to accurately replicate the living quartersndown to the last detail, even though I suspect you'll be spendingnmost of your time on the bridge,\" Brandon said confidently. They looked over thenshuttlecraft, walked onto the bridge and had a seat in theirnrespective leather chairs that seemed to fit their bodies perfectly. nLaliari snuck off towards the back of the ship where the bathingnquarters were located. \"Is there somethingnwrong my dear?\" Fred asked. \"I was just makingnsure the bathtub was big enough to lay in during our trip shouldnthere be any problems with the pregnancy.\" \"Come again?\" \"Well if we get stucknhaving to deliver the baby on the ship then I will need to be in anfluid filled chamber for the delivery. Did you not realize that allnThermians give birth in water?\" \"No I did not, or Inmean I couldn't have, well, so is this tub up to your standards? nTell us now before we leave port because I don't think there arentoo many Home Depots in the far reaches of space.\" \"It will be justnperfect.\" * * * The crew had decided tongo their separate ways and to celebrate their last night on earthnindividually. Guy and his distant acquaintance hit the bar to picknup women and to hopefully sign a few autographs if anyone recognizednhim. Tommy played video games until dawn in his underwear. Alexnwent to a Shakespearean festival at the local university and Fred andnLaliari spent their night going over everything that they packed fornboth the trip and the pregnancy. Jason treated Gwen to an ocean-sidencandlelight dinner on the pier for their last date on earth for whonknew how long. \"Gwen,\" Jason askednthrough a mouthful of clam chowder. \"I can sense something'snbothering you. Are you worried about being away from earth for morenthan a year?\" \"No, I think it willnbe a nice adventure, a nice change of pace from pretending all thentime. I have been feeling the urge to take a vacation, to travelnsomewhere together for some time now. Sure I was thinking Europe butnEuropa could be just as nice.\" \"I just like the ideanof spending six months on a ship with you.\" \"Says the world'snfirst most playboy. Jason I've long ago accepted the fact that younwill never settle down.\" \"Let me tell you hownwrong you are. Gwen, will you marry me?\" Jason said as he went onnone knee before her. \"I, I don't knownwhat to say. Is this some kind of joke?\" \"It would be if younsaid anything other than yes.\" \"Well then yes, Inwill marry you.\" \"Well then no, Inwasn't kidding.\" \"Not so fast. I'llnmarry you on one condition. You have to get us back to earth alive.\" \"I can live withnthat. Maybe we can take a detour down to Vegas on reentry.\" \"Jason!\" \"Alright, alright. nWe'll do it a little classier. I'll even wear a tux.\" * * * Despite Tommy'sngrumbling, the crew gathered at 7 in the morning at the massivenparking area behind the far lot of the studio. Laliari walked up tonthe group with a wide grin on her pale face. \"I just spoke tonMathesar. He is very excited that we will be joining him soon on thenThermian's new home world, T901-17-B22-X9M. He said that much hasnchanged since we last parted.\" \"T9-whachamacallit?\" \"Oh I suppose wencould just call it T9 for short,\" Laliari responded, her grin nevernfaltering. \"How much couldnreally have changed in 14 months?\" Alexander asked. \"I guess we'll justnhave to wait and see now won't we?\" Jason replied cheerfully. n\"Quite frankly I can't wait to see the old bugger again. Givenhim a noogie on that black hair of his.\" \"Can I come too? Allnof this remodeling of the craft has me feeling like a member of thencrew.\" Brandon interrupted. \"You need to staynhere and guide us should we run into any trouble again.\" \"But Commander Inreally think that I could be of more help to you on the ship. It'snbeen my dream to go on an uncharted adventure with you guys sincenthird grade when I got my Galaxy Quest backpack, pencils, andnfolders.\" \"You need to staynhere and complete your studies in school so you will one day be ablento go into space.\" Gwen added in a motherly tone. \"But I already knownall there is to know.\" \"You never stopnlearning,\" Gwen pointed out. \"Jason picks up a lesson or twonevery day.\" \"That's right,\"nJason added. \"And when it comes to women, sometimes the more younlearn the less you actually know.\" \"Oh all right, finenthen. I'll just be miserable for the rest of my life here onnearth.\" \"One day you'llnunderstand,\" Gwen added as she turned to board the craft. They all took theirnrespected seats on the shuttlecraft. \"Okay Tommy, take usnup,\" Jason said in his most commander-like voice. \"Oh sure, like it'snas easy as that. I don't remember Loredo having to launch a shipnfrom earth's gravity even once in the show.\" \"Tommy, is it reallynany different then launching from dry-dock?\" \"Um yeah of course itnis! Ever hear of a thing called gravity?\" \"Okay you two,\"nAlexander interrupted. \"Fred has mapped out several phenomenon'snwith Laliari that we believe to be stable worm holes. Brandon hasnalready input this data into the ship's navigational computer fornyou, Loredo.\" \"Cool it with thatnLoredo crap, Dr. Lazarus. If you think you could do a better jobnflying this thing, be my guest.\" \"I would except thenThermians build the console to work only with your hand.\" \"I've been meaningnto ask for sometime now, what happened to your original planetnLaliari? It seemed so much closer,\" Gwen said. \"What was left of thenThermians' original planet was destroyed by Sarris' crew asnrevenge for the death of their captain after our last encounter,\"nFred explained calmly. \"The Thermians went from star system to starnsystem trying to find a planet suitable to their unique anatomynwithout disturbing natural habitants. That explains how they werenable to chart so many stable wormholes. They finally found a planetnin the Gerbash system that would be perfect for them to begin theirnpeaceful lives over again, T901-17-B22-X9M.\" \"How many Thermiansnremain?\" Gwen asked. \"There werenapproximately 1,000 of them left so they have been procreating quitenrapidly. It is possible that Laliari's own body was influenced byninstinctive drive by her race's desperation. This is anothernreason we need to locate this planet. The baby should be surroundednby others of its kind to grow up successfully.\" \"Why's that,\" Guyninterjected. \"I was an only child without many friends and itndidn't hurt me any.\" \"What about you Fred,nare you going to stay behind on the planet?\" Gwen asked sincerely. \"I suspect thenThermians will need all of the engineering assistance they can get. nPlus I would want to be there as a father to my child. So yes I willnstay behind, at least for the first five years of the child's life.n After then the child would be able to use the image generator whichncan change it into any form it so chooses.\" \"You've got thisnall thought out, haven't you Fred?\" Gwen said astonished. \"Well, yes, I'vencertainly had the time.\" \"I think you'llnmake a wonderful father, better than any one of the goons sittingnhere,\" Gwen said as she looked over at Jason examining something henjust picked out of his nose. \"This desert air,\"nJason commented, \"really dries out the nasal passages.\" The ship took off in annunexpected burst of speed that sucked everyone to the back of theirnseat. \"I think I've gotnit,\" Tommy cried out from the helm. They breached thenatmosphere and the sickening swirl of weightless was upon them. \"Didn't anyonenremember to restore gravity functions to this ship?\" Alexandernasked no one in particular. \"I can't possibly spend the next sixnmonths weightless, I will surely be sick.\" \"Absolutely sir. Downnin engineering there is a touch-panel in the upper right hand quarternof the Environmental controls. The switch was likely just trippedndue to the force of take off,\" Brandon said, coming out of one ofnthe back rooms of the ship. \"Well you heard thenman,\" Jason said to Fred. \"Down to engineering\" \"I'm on my way,nthanks Brandon.\" \"Brandon?! What innthe hell are you doing here,\" Jason cried out in alarm. \"Younwere ordered to stay behind on the planet.\" \"I was doing somenlast minute adjustments to the anti-drift thrusters when I heard thenautomated countdown sequence activate. Loredo didn't give muchnwarning or follow standard launch protocol, which states that allngravity-based launches are to occur within four minutes of initialnignition switch activation.\" \"Hey I got usnairborne didn't I,\" Tommy said. \"That's beside thenpoint,\" Jason continued. \"You still disobeyed a direct ordernfrom Commander Taggert.\" \"I'm sorry,nCommander. I would never have intentionally disobeyed you. It wasnsimply too late to try to get off the ship once the launch routinenwas activated so I just braced myself for liftoff in the cargo hold.\" \"Well I'm sorrynBrandon but you leave us no choice but to turn this ship around andnbring you back.\" \"Actually,\" Gwenninterrupted timidly, \"we don't have enough fuel to break gravitynagain so soon.\" \"Like I said,\"nJason continued, \"it looks like you're just going to have to gonon the mission with us.\" \"I say we lock him innthe brig,\" Alexander added. \"Do we have a brig, Brandon?\" He shook his head. \"And even if we did,nI would know the door lock code sequence.\" \"Good point.\" * * * The longest part of thenvoyage was the trip to the first stable wormhole, which, innconjunction to the monotony of deep-space travel was coupled to thenradical change in living conditions. It took just shy of a month andnby that time the crew became accustomed to their new home. Thenfeeling of claustrophobia was starting to gradually dissipate andnthey were really getting to know the ship both in terms of itsninterior and performance capabilities. \"Space is truly suchna vast and empty place,\" Gwen said glumly on the bridge. \"Indeed and even innall of this open expanse, races have nothing more to do but bickernwith one another,\" Alexander added, his chin resting on his closednfist. \"We will be goingnthrough the wormhole in approximately five minutes so I would advisenfor everyone to get into position. We don't need another incidentnlike the last time we tried this,\" Tommy stated to the crew. They had mildnexpectations in passing through the wormhole on their quest to makenit to the Thermian's new planet but the process of traversing thenrip in the fabric of space had jarred their bodies so badly that eachnhad a sore back for a week. \"Yo Lazarus,\" Tommynsaid, \"Dr. wouldn't happen to be of chiropractic perchance wouldnit?\" \"No Loredo but ifnyou'd like I could go over there and twist that neck of yours.\" As they were bracingnthemselves to enter the next wormhole some three weeks later, thenship started to make a loud buzzing noise. \"What is going onndown in engineering?\" Jason asked from the bridge. \"Nothing out of thenordinary down here,\" Fred replied. \"It looks like we'rengetting a signal,\" a stunned Gwen said from her console. \"Well let's hearnit,\" Jason said. \"Maybe Mathesar tracked us down already.\" \"No, I don't thinknso,\" Gwen replied. \"If I'm reading this right, it appears tonbe some kind of distress code. Computer, please decode and play thentransmission.\" On the screen in thencenter of the bridge, the image of a figure unlike any they had seennbefore appeared. It had a very tall pencil-like head with a singlengiant horn curving upward from out of its forehead. Sitting next tonthis being was another similar figure with slightly greener skin. \"We are in need ofnhelp! We have traveled too far from our home asteroid and have becomenhopelessly lost due to a wormhole. We are nearly out of fuel andnsupplies. If any one should receive this message, here are ourncoordinates. Time is running out.\" \"We better go helpnthem,\" Jason exclaimed. \"Help them to do whatnexactly,\" Alexander interjected. \"We don't know if they'renactually some hostile race with innocent faces. Need I remind you ofnthe cute little guys on the last planet we visited who tried to feednyou to the rock-monster?\" \"No, I still see thatnthing every time I close my eyes. But come on guys, we can't justnleave them out here to starve.\" \"And what are thenchances they use the same fuel-type as we do? The Thermians basednthis design on the stuff we made up in the show,\" Tommy added. \"Actually sir,nconsidering the abundance of Beryllium in the area scans I'venconducted, there is a good chance that they too have harvested itsnenergy as a fuel source,\" Brandon countered. \"Took surroundingnarea scans, how prt ell did you manage that?\" \"Simple, when Inupdated the ship I installed external scanners on the fuselagendesigned to analyze surrounding mineral deposits and atmosphericnconditions of nearby celestial bodies. Just like the ones you use allnthe time in the show.\" \"Then it's final wenwill go and help them. Tommy lock coordinates to their ship,\"nJason ordered. \"Ummm, and hownexactly am I supposed to do that? I don't know how to override thencoordinates set by Fred and Laliari?\" \"Loredo, what'snwrong with you? This interface is nearly identical to the one on ThenProtector, which by the way I'm wondering why we didn't take innthe first place,\" Brandon said. \"Brandon, that shipnis not real,\" Alexander said coolly. \"You do know that right?\" \"Oh yeah, sure,\"nBrandon replied. \"Only the ship's shuttlecraft and alien lifenforms are.\" \"No, I mean the shipnis real, just not the version on earth.\" \"Sure Dr. Lazarus andnthe next thing you're going to tell me is that Loredo isn'tnactually qualified to fly this thing. Anyway right here are yournmanual flight controls and under the digital map display is thencursor to input new coordinates. The ship automatically assumes thenmost recent entry.\" \"I have the newncoordinates right here Tommy,\" Gwen said. \"Gwen, you can sendnthem over using the ship's internal frequency,\" Brandon added. \"Just hold down thenfifth function tab and submit them.\" \"Done.\" \"There you gonLoredo.\" \"Really, that's allnthere was to it?\" Tommy asked, folding his hands behind his head. \"That's it,\"nBrandon replied. \"Alright can we justnget going already? I'm beginning to fall asleep,\" Jason said. * * * They were withinndocking proximity within 48 hours. \"Alright Tommy it'snyour time to shine. Link us up to their ship,\" Nesmith said. \"I'll do my bestnJason but between you me and the asteroid belt, maybe we should getnBrandon up here to make sure I don't mess this up.\" They linked up to thenderelict ship with no real drama thanks to the computer'snnavigational system. Once Brandon confirmed the air and temperaturenof the vessel able to support human life, they released the airlock,nwhich sent the quadruple sets of doors sliding open with a hiss. nStanding on the opposite side of the hub were four humanoid beingsnwith not a stitch of fabric covering their pencil-thin bodies savenfor a scarf tied tightly to each of their tall heads. \"I am commander PeternQuincy Taggert of the USS Protector here to help in any way I can,\"nNesmith boomed triumphantly. \"Jason, I thought wenhad decided to use our real names,\" Gwen whispered from his right. \"Come on Gwen, thesennames sound just so much cooler!\" Tommy rolled his eyes. The beings lookednthrough Jason and his companions as if they weren't even there. nTheir beady eyes found and locked onto Alexander then they all bowedndown to their knees with their thin hands moving in circular motions. \"What is going onnhere?\" Alex asked in surprise. \"It is him,\" onensaid to another. \"It is the Meaninol.\" \"I think you may benmistaken,\" Alexander said in surprise. \"I am merely AlexandernDane.\" \"Doctor Lazarus,\"nJason corrected. \"No,\" one of thenbeings said without lifting its head. \"You are the Meaninol, thenchosen one of our people's prophecy. The one who will restorenpeace to our species.\" \"I'm afraid I amnnot who you think I am.\" \"We will show younfrom our ancient texts. You are indeed the one foretold. Go now,nget the book, hurry.\" One of the bowingncreatures hastily ran deeper into the ship to retrieve the item innquestion. \"Oh please forgive mynrudeness, I have failed to properly make greeting. I am callednGargalack of Ieth and this beside me is my first in command andnlife-mate Sarleen. The one that went to get the text is Doosyck, andnthis here is his life-partner Shamine.\" \"Well like Inmentioned before, I am commander Peter Q Taggert and this here is mynlife-mate to be, Tawny Madison.\" Once again the beingsnignored Jason as if he weren't in the room. . \"Oh all right I'llnplay along,\" Alaxander said in defeat. \"I am the Meaninol, Dr.nLazarus and this is my infidel crew.\" \"We are so verynpleased to meet you all. I will have Sarleen show you to yournquarters and then we could perhaps all meet on your ship for a largenfeast?\" \"Umm, yeah, we arenkind of in a hurry to repair your ship and then be on our way,\"nJason replied. \"We are actually on a very urgent mission.\" \"Oh come on we can atnleast take a look around while Fred and Brandon refuel their ship. nIt'll be fun.\" \"I'm with hurryingnup,\" Gwen whispered into Jason's ear. \"I get the distinctnfeeling Alexander just loves the attention these fools are payingnhim,\" Tommy added. \"Well I suppose angood part of the reason we took this trip in the first place was tonhave a little adventure,\" Jason said. \"If Alexander's ego getsnstroked in the process, it could very well make the remainder of thisntrip that much more tolerable. Show us to our quarters.\" \"Dr. Lazarus ifnyou'll please follow me to the shrine area, the rest of you cannfollow Sarleen.\" Alexander and Gargalacknwalked for what seemed miles until they finally reached a set ofndoors at the end of a deserted hallway. \"This will be yournquarters your eminence.\" \"You really shouldn'tnhave,\" Alex said as they walked through the doors. The room wasndecorated of pure gold with giant statues of beings that looked, wellna lot like the Dr. Lazarus makeup of the show. Between the goldnstatutes was a hammock of fine silk and a backlit waterfall that lednto a crystal-clear pond that held some kind of light pink fish. \"I will leave younnow. Dinner will be in two stallops and nine hundred pestelons.\" \"Two what?\" \"I will send someonento get you when it's time. In the meantime you will find thensoftest ceremonial robes in the closet and if you need anything, onlynsay the word.\" \"Thank you,\"nAlexander said with a grin. \"You are too kind.\" The other members werendeposited to their room. It was a sort of wide-open gymnasium withnmats scattered about on the stone-hard floor. \"You really shouldn'tnhave,\" Jason muttered. \"No, we reallynshouldn't have,\" Tommy corrected. \"This is great,\"nGuy said enthusiastically. \"Just like the park I used to sleep innas a kid when my parents wanted some alone time!\" Fred, Laliari andnBrandon were shown to the engine room. \"I can't believenyou got us in to this mess,\" Gwen scowled. \"How did I know thisnwould be like an old family trip growing up?\" \"Oh relax, will you? nWe fix their ship, they kiss Alexander's butt, and we leave lookingnlike heroes.\" \"Jason, if I have tonattempt to deliver that baby on my own I will kill you with my ownntwo hands, as soon as I set down the baby of course.\" \"Gwen, she's notngoing to have that baby any time soon. You worry too much.\" \"Please that'snenough confrontational dialog,\" a voice said from behind them. nThey all spun. \"Any more such behavior and we will be forced tonstun you with our prods.\" It was the timid voicenof Sarleen. \"Prods,\" Guynrepeated. \"As Chief of Ship Security, Roc Ingersol, I'm afraid Incan't let you do that.\" \"Quiet Guy, you knownyou don't actually have any weapons,\" Jason whispered with annudge. \"I know,\" Guynmumbled in return, \"but didn't you just tell us to stay inncharacter?\" Nesmith ignored Guy'snrebuttal and looked towards Sarleen. In his most sincere tone ofnvoice, he said, \"Did I mention how wonderful you look tonight? Wenare very sorry about all of the commotion our arrival has caused andnwe're just so pleased to be on your ship. Do you, by any chancenknow where Dr. Lazarus is being kept and would it be possible for usnto speak with him?\" \"The Meaninol isngetting prepared for the feast in his honor. No one is to disturbnhim before that time. I am to supervise your preparation of thenmeal.\" \"Okay,\" Nesmithnsaid with sudden enthusiasm. \"Right, you're going to supervisenas we prepare the feast. If we can just return to our ship we couldnget right to work on that.\" \"You are free tonreturn to your ship but the Meaninol is to remain with us.\" \"But you will bringnhim onboard to, um celebrate the feast?\" \"Of course.\" \"Well,\" Nesmithnsaid, rubbing his palms together. \"We better get cracking. We'vengot a lot of hungry mouths to feed and I don't suppose you all likensteak?\" \"Steak?\" Sarleennrepeated. \"Aren't thentranslators working?\" he asked Gwen. \"Yes but they simplyndon't have a word that translates directly,\" she replied. \"Oh right, probablynnothing for cow either. Well we'll come up with something good. nOnly the best for the Meaninol .\" The crew returned tontheir ship with the exception of Alex. \"How are we going tonget out of this one?\" Gwen asked as soon as they were alone again. \"I have to think ofnsomething, let's just get their darn ship fixed and put as muchndistant between us and them as the warp drives can manage,\" Jasonnreplied. \"Now where are Brandon and Fred?\" \"We're right here,ncommander,\" Brandon called. \"We were able to shave off a sectionnof Beryllium from our own sphere that should be charged enough to getnthem home anyway. We should be able to wrap this thing up by tonightnif not tomorrow morning at the latest.\" \"Let's make itnsnappy this place gives me the creeps,\" Guy added whilenexaggerating the chills. \"And Brandon did you by any chance thinknto make me a weapon like I have on the show?\" \"Quit fooling around,nGuy. You know enough to always keep your arsenal on you ever sincenepisode 19 on the Dark Star,\" Brandon said, chuckling as he walkednaway. \"I guess that meansnhe didn't make me anything.\" \"And that's a goodnthing too,\" Tommy added. \"If he did you would have shot one ofnus by now if not yourself.\" \"Oh look who'sntalking, Mr. I don't know how to drive the ship without help from ancommittee.\" \"That's realnoriginal coming from the weaponless Security Chief.\" \"That's enough outnof both of you!\" Gwen shouted over the bickering. \"We need tonthink a way out of this mess and arguing isn't helping anything.\" \"I've got it, whyndon't one of us pull off Alex' head piece at dinner? That oughtnto convince them he's not who they think he is,\" Jason statednexcitedly. \"That's brilliant,\"nGwen replied. \"Come to think of it, why does he still have thatnthing on anyway?\" Nesmith made surenBrandon wasn't within earshot. \"He wanted to wear itnto the launch so that Brandon wouldn't be devastated.\" \"Ah, right.\" \"It's settlednthen,\" Guy added with a grin. \"Tonight after dinner we get outnof here.\" * * * The crew had justnfinished up putting the last of the still-crawling dinner on thenbanquet table in the kitchen when 3 loud chimes of a bell rang out. nThe crew looked up in amazement as a precession entered the room withnAlexander, draped in red velvet from head to toe, being carried bynfour of the beings. \"Something wrong withnyour legs Dr. Lazarus?\" Nesmith asked. \"You may all benseated,\" Alex announced in his most prestigious tone. \"ThenMeaninol grants good approval and good fortune to all gathered.\" \"Well I guess thatnmeans it's chow time,\" Tommy said. \"Until the meal isnofficially adjourned, we ask that all remain seated,\" Gargalacknstated before taking his own seat next to Alexander. \"We wish notnto have to prod you on your own vessel but will do so if necessary.\" Jason sat down andnwhispered to Gwen sitting next to him, \"Well, it looks like someonenelse is going to have to attempt to remove the head piece, I can'tnreach from my seat and I don't feel much like getting prodded.\" \"Alight I'll do it,njust wait until they calm down a bit.\" While they ate,nAlexander told tales of his heroism and bravery much to the delightnto their guests. In the middle of Alex'sntelling of how he single-handedly defeated Sarris, Gwen reachednacross the table to yank on the stupid headpiece as hard as shencould. To everyone's amazement it didn't budge. \"What the hell isnwrong with this thing?\" Gasps of shock fillednthe table. \"An assassinationnattempt on the Meaninol,\" someone shouted. \"Will you cut thatnout,\" Alaxander said, trying to remove Gwen's hand. \"It seemsnto have fused to my head somehow. I think because I didn't haventime to apply the powder.\" Just then there was anflash of orange light and Gwen fell to the ground in convulsions. \"If anyone elsenattempts to harm the Meaninol, they will suffer the same fate as thisnone,\" Gargalack stated as the group of aliens surrounded Alex inndefense. Just then Brandon, Frednand Laliari entered from the other ship. \"Good news everyone,nwith a little ingenuity we were able to get the Beryllium slice tonwork as fuel\" Before Brandon couldnfinish his sentence, the Iathenans knocked out of the way with Alexnatop their shoulders once more. \"Quick go afternthem,\" Guy shouted. \"No we better get tonthe bridge they just broke dock.\" \"Come on Loredonfollow that ship!\" \"Do we have to, Inmean think about how nice it would be without Alexander the rest ofnthe trip.\" \"Tommy,\" Jasonnshouted. \"Now!\" The ship jerked backnand Loredo spun it into a few dizzying circles before heading off innthe direction of the runaway ship. \"Can't we go anynfaster, Sgt. Chen we need more power if we're going to catch them,\"nJason yelled from the Commander's seat. \"This isn'tnnecessary,\" Fred stated from down in engineering. \"What's thatnsupposed to mean don't you want to save Alexander either?\" \"Of course I do, butnif they would have let Brandon finish his sentence, they would havenrealized that the Beryllium slice needs to charge up for a fullnfifteen hours to be fully operational. At the rate of speed they'rentraveling, they'll be fully out steam shortly.\" \"But in the vastnessnof space, they could go anywhere in a minute's time.\" \"Oh yeah that'snanother thing I forgot to tell you,\" Brandon added. \"Just likenin episode 528 when Tawny was captured on the alien ship. I left anpulse tracker on their ship just like the Commander did to savenTawny.\" \"Good thinkingnBrandon,\" Nesmith said. \"No, good thinkingnCommander, it was your plan, I just copied it. Loredo just has to hitnthe teal button on his console to track the ship.\" \"Hey Gwen,\" Tommynsaid after hitting the teal button. \"Go ahead and tell thatncomputer of ours to follow the blinking light.\" \"Gwen any time soonnwould be great,\" Jason added, as he turned toward her post. \"Doesnanyone know where Gwen is? Her only role on this ship is to tell thencomputer what to do and she's missing.\" \"Commander Tawny isnstill a bit stunned from the prodder at dinner. I am with her now andnshe'll be back to herself in no time,\" Laliari said from sickbay. \"Well what are wensupposed to do until she wakes up?\" Tommy asked in sudden alarm. \"Well Tommy looksnlike it's time to return to Loredo mode. You're going to have tonfly freehand,\" Nesmith stated. \"I was afraid younwere going to say that. Hey Brandon can you tell the computer tonfollow the blinking light?\" Tommy asked. \"Loredo you know thencomputer only responds to Tawny's voice besides, what are you sonworried about? You've been flying freehanded since episode 2.\" \"I know I'm justnfeeling a little under the weather plus I got the shakes. I think itnmay be from that Iethian Buffet. But here goes.\" Tommy took the manualncontrol stick into his sweaty hands and began to reflect upon his BoynScout years. Once the members of his troop were deposited in thenmiddle of the woods with just a compass to guide them home. He wasnthe last one to make it, but he did manage to get there. This wasnkind of like following a compass only rather than a needle pointingnnorth, he had to keep sight of the flashing light on his monitor. Sonlong as he didn't have to navigate an asteroid belt or a minefield,nthis wouldn't be so bad. \"Hey guys, there'snsomething big blocking are way,\" Tommy shouted. \"I don't seenanything onscreen, \"Jason replied. \"You must just have a littlenspace dust on your monitor.\" \"It doesn't looknlike any space dust I've ever seen, Commander. It looks more likena blob with the flashing dot approaching it.\" \"I've never beennvery good at video games, Tommy. Keep going in this direction untilnwe get something onscreen.\" If you say so but don'tnbe mad at me if we hit the blob.\" Nesmith squinted at thentwinkling star field before him. \"Oh wait a minute, Inthink there is something out there in our path.\" \"See, it's thenblob, I told you so, but did you listen?\" \"Yeah a blob withnwords written on it.\" Coming into clear viewnon the forward view screen were a mass of fragmented old spacecraftnfloating aimlessly in the vacuum of space. The chunks of metal andnhull rotated in a tight cluster, some colliding off one another. \"Must be some kind ofncosmic scrap heap. Do you think we can go around?\" \"I'm trying,nCommander but this ship isn't as responsive as you may think. nBesides I don't know how deep this scrap yard goes.\" \"Better put thenshields up, this doesn't look good.\" \"Yeah and how do I donthat again exactly? I thought that was Gwen's specialty.\" \"Right,\" Nesmithnsaid in agreement. \"Which really makes you wonder exactly what Dr.nLazarus does on this ship.\" \"Damn, it's stupidnto rely on one person so much,\" Guy said from his station. \"Heyngenius can't you bypass the controls on the computer like we did innepisode sixteen?\" \"Yes of course,\"nBrandon interjected. \"You can manually raise the shields like thenCommander did it in episode sixteen when Lieutenant Madison had thatnalien spell on her and couldn't talk.\" \"Oh yeah,\" Tommynsaid with enthusiasm. \"I remember that! Do you remember how youndid that by any chance Commander?\" \"Hmm, no I'mndrawing a blank here Tommy.\" \"You put in yournsecret code that only you know,\" Brandon said with a sigh. \"I'mnbeginning to wonder if you guys even keep current on all of thenseason one episode synopsis sheets.\" \"Ah, very good,\"nNesmith said smiling. \"I was just testing you and well, younpassed.\" With the realizationnthat the secret code was merely his pushing any buttons at random fornthe camera, Jason felt a drip of sweat run down his brow. \"Computer, shieldsnup,\" an out of breath Gwen called out from her station. The sizzle andniridescent glow of the force field flashed before the view screen. nNesmith and Tommy let out a sigh of relief in unison. \"Well it's aboutntime you woke up from your nap,\" Jason said with as much cockinessnas he could manage. \"Well I had to. nWatching you guys run the ship was a lot more stressful than anynprod.\" \"Hey,\" Tommyninterrupted. \"The blinking light stopped moving away from us. Inguess that means they stopped moving?\" \"Have they enterednthe scrap heap yet?\" Jason asked. \"No, they're justnoutside.\" \"How far ahead ofnus?\" \"From our dot tontheir dot on this tracker thingy I would say about half an inchnaway.\" \"Does that put us innrange to use the transporter?\" Everyone lookedndirectly as Jason in surprise. \"What's the bigndeal, I went through it once and it wasn't so bad.\" \"Yeah but did you seenwhat happened to the pig lizard before you?\" Gwen said, fightingnthe chills. \"Fred, are we closenenough to bring Alex back or not? I would really hate to have tonboard that ship again to go and get him.\" \"I can get a lock onnhim,\" Fred said confidently. \"At least I hope that's him,\" henthen whispered to himself. \"Then yank him backnon my command. I think it's a safe bet he's had enoughnadmiration to last a lifetime,\" Jason stated. \"In return can wentransport a message back to them explaining their fuel situation sonthat they don't give up the search for their meatball?\" \"That's Meaninol,\"nGwen corrected. \"Yeah that's what Insaid. Gwen type up the message and relay it over to Fred'snconsole. Fred whenever you're ready.\" \"Alright here goesnnothing,\" Fred said with his fingers crossed. \"So we're innagreement, having Alexander return inside out is a definite no-nonright?\" \"Right,\" the crewnsaid in unison. \"Alright, energizingnnow\" In front of all ofntheir eyes materialized Alex with his hands up in the air stillndressed up in the velvet robes. \"I can't believenyou would use that thing on me,\" Alex said in a blend ofnastonishment and insult. \"What if I had come back inside out?\" \"We were willing tontake the chance,\" Jason said reassuringly. \"Well let me justntell you that our new friends are not too happy! I think thenProtector ended up making enemies rather than allies. They werentelling me that if I were their real Meaninol, I would have nontrouble getting their disabled ship to move again. Of course Incouldn't do it.\" The crew looked on atnhim suspiciously. \"So how were you ablento sabotage their ship in such short time?\" \"Don't worry theirnship will be active again as soon as the sphere has an opportunity toncharge up.\" \"How much time?\"nAlex asked a little concerned. \"Enough time to getnfar away from them,\" Fred replied from engineering. \"Unless ofncourse you were planning on staying a little longer.\" \"Thank you, no. nLet's put as much distance in the opposite direction as possible,\"nAlex replied. \"What's the rush,nDr. Lazarus? I thought you liked being their meteorite,\" Jasonnasked with a smirk. \"I'm simply worriednabout getting Laliari home first and foremost and for another, I feelnlike this crew benefits from my presence even more than they would.\" \"Well I guess I donlike having you around to make fun of,\" Jason said. \"Tommy takenus to that planet with all the letters and numbers.\" \"Umm Jason we have anlittle bit of a problem,\" Tommy fired back. \"What do I have tonfix now?\" \"The coordinates fornthe planet have sort of disappeared and I don't have a clue wherento go next.\" \"What do you mean disappeared ?\" \"I mean like a magicnact. Poof, coordinates go bye-bye,\" \"Well then get backnon your little key pad thingy there and put them back into the navncomputer!\" \"I tried, Nesmith. nWhen I type in the planet coordinates, it says that there's annerror.\" \"Gwen,\" Nesmithnsaid with a sigh, \"you want to tell the computer that we need tonleave now?\" \"Computer, setncoordinates to T901What's the name of the planet again?\" \"We're all going tondie,\" Alexander moaned in the background. \"We're going to getnrecaptured by the Iethians, and I will be their love slave forever.\" \"Love slave?\" Guynrepeated, suddenly alert. \"Oh I didn't tellnyou the best part, the majority of the women of the species have beennsaving themselves for me and should I give them any offspring, theynbecome next in command of the species.\" \"That doesn't soundnso bad. With some makeup, a few beers and bad lighting, a few ofnthose chicks were kind of hot,\" Guy said. \"Yeah well theynwouldn't have been all too thrilled when they discovered that thenoffspring wouldn't have a purple scaly skull and all. Did Inmention we're all doomed?\" \"And I thought younwere the logical one,\" Jason mumbled. \"They call me Dr.nThink of Something on some of the Internet fan boards.\" \"Well if you don'tnthink of something and quick we'll have to change that to Dr. GoodnFor Nothing.\" \"Well let's regroupnhere,\" Gwen said in a tone indicating that she was ready to takencommand of the bickering crew. Does anyone else on this bridge knownthe name of the planet or its proximity in the galaxy?\" \"Why don't we asknLaliari?\" Fred said via the monitor from engineering. \"It is hernplanet after all.\" \"Laliari what's thenname of the planet we're heading to?\" \"It's a very simplenname: T901-17-B22-X9M.\" \"I hope somebodynwrote that down,\" Loredo said. \"Computer setncoordinates to T901-17-B22-X9M,\" Gwen called out. \"Coordinates lockednthis time,\" Loredo confirmed. \"I know what you're all thinkingnand no I didn't delete them the last time.\" They continued onwardnthrough the void, leaving the Iethians far behind. The crew wasnrelieved to finally approach their destination. Laliari had beenndoing a lot of pacing while Fred was becoming nervous that theynweren't going to make it by her due date with Alexander'snego-stroking detours and all. \"Hey Nesmith, no morenstops okay? We need to hightail it if we're going to arrive beforenLaliari pops. She is going to begin the birthing rituals now.\" \"Don't worry,\"nNesmith replied over the ship's communicator. \"We'll get therenin plenty of time. According to Loredo over here, we are close-nmaybe just a day or two away. Do you want me to send Gwen down tontalk with Laliari? Maybe she could help with some of those ritualsnand the girl stuff and all?\" \"That would be greatnif it's alright with Gwen of course.\" Gwen took a hardnswallow. \"Oh sure I would lovento, because I have so much experience with pregnant aliens and all.\" \"Oh thank you so muchnshe is in our quarters.\" *** \"Laliari are you innhere\" Gwen asked to the sound of grunting and moaning outside thendoor. \"I just wanted to come down and see how everything wasngoing.\" \"Oh yes I am here,nbut you didn't come down of your own accord. My dear Fred isnworried, is he not?\" \"No, no I did want toncome see you. He just said what we were all thinking. It's onlynnatural for him to be a little nervous about you and the baby, thisnis his first time you know.\" \"I know, I just wishnwe were at our destination already, my birthing teachers would benmuch better equipped to demonstrate the birthing rituals to me. Nonoffence to you or anything, you have been great, all of you have. nBut I fear my anatomy is um, quite unique compared to yours.\" \"Well I am willing tonlearn if you need me too, remember that. According to the Commander,nwe should make it in plenty of time.\" \"I can see the planetnnow on the view screen,\" Tommy announced excitedly at that verynmoment. \"See I told you that we had nothing to worry about and Inwould get us here in one piece and in record time.\" \"Don't gloat justnyet, Loredo. We do need to make it down to that planet withoutnburning up in the atmosphere,\" Jason lectured. \"Oh yeah I knew that,npiece of cake. I mean it shouldn't be bad. All I'm saying isnthat I'm pretty sure I can handle it. Does anyone know how I donthat exactly?\" \"Oh Loredo you arenalways testing my memory,\" Brandon answered with a grin. \" Letnus not forget episode 18 when you landed on the gas giant Oraba 117nfor the first time and you programmed the nav system to adjust fornapproach angle and speed according to atmospheric density.\" \"Very good Brandon,\"nTommy said with a nervous laugh. \"I was just testing you therenbuddy because if anything were to happen to me, I would feel betternknowing someone else on this ship could handle things.\" \"Loredo, I was bornnto pilot a ship like this.\" \"That's what I tellnpeople too, but you really mean it. So where do I land this heapnanyway? The whole planet looks blue.\" \"This planet is 99%nwater of course,\" Fred added calmly. \"99% water?!\" Guyninterjected. \"Does this mean I should have brought along mynmedication for seasickness?\" \"My people spend mostnof their lives in the aquatic environment,\" Laliari added. \"Itnshould explain our natural appearance.\" \"Of course we knewnthat,\" Loredo said with newfound confidence. \"Besides, 99% waternmeans a lot less chance of me crashing into a mountain.\" \"The man brings up angood point,\" Nesmith said. \"Now take us down Mr. Loredo.\" \"Nav computer, don'tnfail me now,\" Tommy muttered under his breath. As Brandon hadnpredicted, the system was virtually automated and required onlynslight input from the control stick to keep the nose of the shipnskyward during splashdown. They landed in the middle of the vastnocean and signaled for Mathesar and the Thermanians to greet them. \"I just realized thatnthe salt water may do me some good in getting this rubber thing offnmy head,\" Alexander said while gazing out the front view port. n\"This is salt water right Laliari?\" \"Sort of,\" shenreplied. \"I would have thoughtnthat should have been a yes or no question,\" Guy said. \"There is saltnpresent but not sodium chloride as is found in earth's oceans. nThis is sodium trymetholine crystallite with trace elements of driednPiperaceae nigrum fragments that are carried on the wind.\" \"So you're sayingnthis is a salt and pepper ocean?\" Brandon said after a quick momentnof thought. \"Pretty much.\" \"Anybody remember tonbring popcorn?\" Guy asked. \"They've arrived,\"nGwen announced. \"It's time to meet and greet our old friends.\" \"Good,\" Nesmithnsaid, getting to his feet. \"I owe that Mathesar a wet-willienbehind his right ear.\" * * * The Planet was, for thenmost part, just as Laliari had earlier explained: almost entirelynwater and two small islands covered in thick vegetation. The waternsmelled like soup broth and had the entire crew's stomachsngrowling. Their establishment was bridged between the two islandsnwith the main structure located under water (but could be reachednfrom either land mass). \"Wow it is prettynamazing you were able to accomplish all this in such little time,\"nNesmith commented with his hands on his hips. \"It's a beautynMathesar you old pirate.\" \"We had to work fastnin our resolve to increase our population. It was priority one. Wenneeded to have a habitable nursery for all the offspring to be born. nI think that could be why we're in this little predicament.\" \"Predicament, whatnexactly is this predicament we're talking about?\" \"Don't worry I willnexplain everything once you get settled in. It must have been a longnflight.\" \"Just let me know ifnLaliari is going to be alright so I can relax,\" Fred said. \"Oh yes she looksnvery healthy and she is in good hands you have nothing to worrynabout.\" \"Well I'mnsatisfied,\" Fred replied. \"You guys wouldn't happen to havenany mashed potatoes would you?\" They all met up in thencafeteria for a well-needed meal and to discuss what had Mathesar sonworked up. \"Alright Mathesarnspill the beans what do we need to fix now?\" Nesmith asked after anlong, deep burp. \"Who are you? I don'tnbelieve we have ever met before. Plus I don't remember seeing younin any of the historic documents\" \"I am Brandon, I amnone of the guys behind the guys, a man behind the scenes, anconsultant to the show. I decided to take this trip so I could meetnthe people the crew always talk of so highly.\" \"Stop trying tonchange the subject Mathesar,\" Nesmith interrupted. \"We can allnexchange autographs later. Now what's going on buddy?\" \"Alright here is thenproblem, we searched from galaxy to galaxy trying to find annhabitable, suitable planet for my people. As we were stuck in thensmall ship for so long we decided that we would procreate andnincrease the population of our people so when we settled on our newnland we would be a striving young community.\" \"Okay so you guysnkept yourselves busy, what is the problem there?\" \"Well after monthsnand months of searching we were unable to find a new planet that wasnsuitable for all our needs. So when we came across this planet wenwere overjoyed at how perfect it was. With many of the females withnchild we knew we didn't have much time to waste trying to getneverything ready.\" \"So far so good.\" \"Well in our rush tonget everything ready, we didn't really explore the planet as muchnas we should have. Therefore just as we were putting the lastntouches on our establishment, we were a little surprised to findnsomething swimming within the waters of the nursery section of theninstitution. The nursery has to be free from any contaminants onlynmother and baby could be in that section, we were very careful not tonlet anything in when we were completing that section. Now we need itnremoved and we can no longer find it, if it arrives during the birthsnall the children will not be able to use the image generator.\" \"Well it's not thenend of the world, having to stay in your own true form for the restnof your life is it?\" \"Well for one, in ournown form we will have to stay in the water 75% of the time or riskndrying out.\" \"Please tell me thatnis not the reason you bought that big hot tub Fred,\" Guy said. \"Inwas in there once and would hate to think I was soaking in a deliverynchamber.\" \"This is not a jokingnmatter, the new offspring will be unable to travel the universe andnmeet other races without image generation.\" \"Okay I see that younare upset we will do our best to help you with this situation. Donyou know if there are any other beings native to this water world?\" \"We are not positivenother Thermians are reporting sightings, but none other were found innthe sacred nursery waters.\" \"Alright thisnshouldn't be too hard. Where is this nursery you are talking about?n I'll go in vanquish this ghost and then you can get back tonprocreating.\" \"Oh you can't go innwithout passing going through the cleansing ritual or you too willncontaminate the nursery.\" \"This cleansingnritual isn't like what you have to do before you see a proctologistnis it?\" Guy asked. \"A what?\" \"He's kidding,\"nGwen said with a smirk. \"Besides I'm not sure they have enemasnin mind for us.\" \"The adventure reallynnever stops for you guys,\" Brandon added. \"This is going to benfantastic! Kind of like episode 52 when you had to search out thatnrace and destroy it before it could replicate each one of you. Mannthat episode had me on the edge of my seat the entire hour.\" \"Well can we at leastneat, get some sleep and deal with this thing in the morning? Thentrip took a bit out of me and in a few days we have to do it all overnagain so while I'm here on the biggest beach in the galaxy, I wasnkind of hoping for a little R and R,\" Jason said. \"Oh of course restnand we will get to it first thing in the morning, that seems to benwhen the being is usually out anyway.\" * * * \"What the hell timenis it with all this racket?\" \"It is 4:30am, earthntime.\" \"Why are you wakingnme up then?\" \"You said to wake younin the morning. It is morning and we have much work to do.\" \"Mathesar, this isnstill technically the middle of the night on our world.\" \"Come on, Commandernsince when is it like you to turn down an adventure?\" Brandonnpointed out blankly. \"Besides I haven't been able to sleep a winknjust thinking about this situation.\" \"Nor have I,\"nMathesar added. \"Alright lets go,\"nNesmith said with a sigh of defeat. \"I hope you woke everybodynelse up. It wouldn't be fair if they get to sleep in.\" \"They are all waitingnin the cafeteria, having breakfast. You are the last to wake up.\" \"Alright, now I feelnbetter.\" \"Attention loyalncrew,\" he announced when entering the cafeteria. \"We have somenmore alien butt to take care of then we will be able to get some wellnneeded rest.\" \"You seem awfullynchipper this early in the morning,\" Gwen noted. \"Well actuallyowww!\"nBrandon began to say before Jason hit him in the leg. \"So exactly what doesnthis being look like?\" \"Well they shimmer,nalmost like a fish scale in the water, that's about all I know. nRemember I have not seen this creature myself.\" \"Oh that narrows itndown, lets get this cleansing over with so we can try to find anshimmering fish scale.\" \"Just step into thencleansing room.\" They all entered a room full of steam. nOnce the air began to clear, they were horrified to discover figuresnstanding in all four corners of the room spitting at them. \"Oh this is justndisgusting. It reminds me of middle school when the kids used tonshoot spitballs at my head,\" Guy commented. \"This is the firstntime I know what you're talking about Security Chief Roc,\"nBrandon stated. \"How long do we havento be in here?\" Gwen asked. \"It's almost over. nYou just have to walk though the Flames of Forgiveness and you maynleave.\" \"Oh this looks realnsafe,\" Tommy added. \"Black people hair and flames don't gongood together, ain't these fools ever seen what happened to MichaelnJackson in that Pepsi commercial?\" Guy and Brandon werenthe last ones to leave the chamber. \"I don't feel veryncleansed. In fact can I feel like I need a shower to be cleansed ofnthe cleaning.\" \"No, water wouldnnullify the cleansing agents. You must not try to wash anything offnyour body or you will have to be cleansed again.\" \"Alright, now what'snthe next step of the plan?\" \"After a brief dryingnunder the Flames of Forgiveness, you are free to enter the nursery.\" \"Don't worry,\"nGuy called back from the outside of the Flame Center, \"it's justnlike walking under a giant hand-drier in a public restroom.\" \"Now we go to thennursery.\" \"Lead the way,nMathesar.\" They entered through andoor into an elevator like room. \"This will take usnunder the surface to the nursery. Place these in your mouth, theynwill help you breath under the water.\" \"Do we really have tongo underwater? Can't I just observe from out here, tell you if Insee anything shimmering and point you guys in the direction you neednto go?\" Guy asked with typical insecurity. \"No we all gontogether. No surrender, no retreat.\" \"That's thenCommander I know and love,\" Brandon added. \"Well see I was nevernall that comfortable being somewhere I could potentially suffocate,\"nGuy continued. \"We have the breathernthingies.\" \"Let me rephrase, I'mnclaustrophobic and I can't swim, please don't make me go in thatnunderwater death chamber.\" \"Fine stay here andnkeep an eye out if you happen to see anything.\" \"Thank you,nCommander. I didn't say it earlier but Fred had to pay me fiftynbucks just to get into the hot tub.\" \"Back on earth Inwould have paid fifty dollars to keep him away from mine,\"nAlexander muttered. With the exception of anbrimming Guy, they all entered the chamber and the airlock sealednbehind them. The chamber filled with water and the opposite doornreleased so that they could enter into the massive nursery. \"Man this place isnmammoth!\" \"We had to make itnthis large due to all the expecting females. We have hundreds andneach can give birth to hundreds. The math gets ugly quick!\"nMathesar replied in his natural squid-like form. Well lets split up andntry to find this mysterious creature. From the looks of the femalesnon this base we don't have much time before they pop.\" They proceeded tonsearch in every room in the massive nursery. As Jason was about tonrendezvous with the others, he was suddenly overwhelmed with thenfeeling to look into one of the egg incubator clusters on the wallsnand there she was before him, a shimmering ghost like creature whonbegan to let out the loudest ear piercing cry they had ever heard. \"Come quick before Inlose my hearing!\" They regrouped withinnseconds to find Nesmith doubled over in pain. \"Here try this,\"nMathesar said as he handed Jason a little device. \"What am I supposednto do with this?\" Jason yelled. \"Put it in your ear,\"nMathesar replied as he pointed to his own ear. \"It is a UniversalnTranslator but it should muffle the sound waves if nothing else.\" Jason placed the devicenin his ear and instantly the screeching became a soft whisper thatnformed words. \"Are you trying toncommunicate with me?\" Jason asked the ghost like creature. \"Incan, I can understand her.\" \"Strange that Incannot,\" Mathesar said. \"Help me,\" thencreature replied. \"Please, I am trapped.\" \"I can understand thencreature,\" Nesmith again shouted excitedly to the crew. \"Yeah we gatherednthat, what is it saying?\" Gwen asked. \"It needs our help,\"nJason yelled back. \"What kind of help?\" \"I'm not sure.\" \"Well why don't younfind out instead of yelling at me.\" \"I'm not yelling,\"nJason shouted. \"So what can I help you with?\" \"I am trapped. I neednhelp getting out of this place.\" \"Well that's easy,njust follow us and we will get you out of here.\" \"It's not that easynour bodies can not be out of water at any time, if we leave the waternwe will swell then burst from the inside out.\" \"Oh, that doesn'tnsound pretty. How did you get here in the first place?\" \"I was sleeping innthis container and when I awoke, this structure had closed aroundnme.\" \"Is there any onenelse here?\" \"No, I am alone.\" \"Well maybe we couldnjust break a hole in the wall. You could swim out into open waternand Mathesar and his cronies could patch it back up.\" \"No, no that will notnwork Commander,\" Mathesar butted in. \"Why out of plaster?\" \"This is a sterilenenvironment that went through an entire cleansing, if we were to opennthe wall and close it again it will let countless contaminants in.\" \"Can't you haventhose weirdoes just spit in the water again?\" \"Oh there is muchnmore to it, these walls are made out of a material that can only benfound on out original home world. I'm afraid we used it all up tonmake this nursery. We cannot replace a damaged wall. I fear she willnhave to be sacrificed for the greater good.\" \"Hey guys can't wenjust put her in a big bucket of water and transfer her that way?\" nGuy said from the cozy dry control center. \"That might work,nwhat do you think?\" \"Our bodies mustnmaintain a near-constant level of water pressure, I fear we willnbegin to swell if we were placed into such a small volume of water.\" \"Okay that wont work.n Why don't we just flood the whole city, let it sink into the oceannand then raise it back up once she's free through the ceilingnhatch?\" \"Yeah that would be angreat idea, put the whole city under water and attempt to raise itnback to the surface,\" Gwen said sarcastically. \"Hey I don't hearnany brilliant ideas coming from you.\" \"I think I might havenan idea.\" Fred chimed in. \"What do you havenFred?\" \"Well I can take somenof the force field material we have on the ship and make it into anpressurized bubble. Then we can use the teleporter to move thenbubble, creature, water and all out into the open ocean.\" \"That's brilliant,\"nNesmith sighed. \"Why couldn't have I thought of that?\" \"I am no creature, mynname is Coolari and I am a proud Fellieny Colonist.\" \"And I'm SecuritynChief Roc Ing\" \"Introductions later,nGuy.\" Alaxander interrupted. \"We're running out of time here.\" Fred arrived momentsnlater with his supplies to the nursery. \"Hey Tech Sgt. Chennwhen did you actually learn what you were doing?\" Nesmith asked. \"With that Brandonnkid always breathing down my neck, I picked up a thing or two fromnall his technical manuals,\" he replied coolly. \"Now here goesnnothing.\" The bubble was holdingnup, Brandon stayed back in the ship to operate the teleporterncontrols. \"Okay, looks like wenhave 10 seconds left before this bubble gives way, it's now ornnever Brandon.\" Coolari disappearednfrom the nursery then reappeared outside of the nursery's glassnceiling just as the force field bubble broke in a cloud of tinynbubbles. Everyone held their breath. \"At least she's notninside out,\" Tommy noted. \"Coolari, are younokay, did you survive the teleportation?\" \"I don't thinknshe'll be able to answer if not,\" Gwen said. \"I will be fine mynfriends. Should you ever find your way within the Fellieny Colony,nyou are to be treated as guests of honor.\" \"Oh no, we're stillnrecovering from Alex's inflated ego from the last 'guest ofnhonor' treatment,\" Nesmith mumbled. \"Until that day, farenwell. My people must have worried about my absence long enough.\" * * * That evening they allnate a full dinner while the Thermians made their final preparationsnon readying the nursery for delivery. It wasn't until theynwere about to lie down to sleep that Fred busted into the hall tonannounce that Laliari was about to have her baby. The group waited in thencontrol room (also known as the waiting room with computers to Guy)nfor what seemed like hours. \"Come on what'sntaking so long? I want to see what's going on down there,\" Guyngroaned impatiently. \"Either that or at least let me play SupernMario Brothers.\" \"I thought you werendisgusted by this whole thing.\" \"Yeah but if they letnus watch it on a screen it would be like a scary movie.\" \"You can turn on thenscreen now,\" Fred announced happily from the nursery. They turned on thenscreen and looked in to see thousands upon thousands of squid likencreatures latched on to their octopus-like moms. The only one thatnlooked slightly out of sink was Fred's little one, whom thoughnsquid like, was the only one with a shock of black curly hair on thentop of his head. \"Oh aren't theynjust adorable?\" Gwen said. \"Oh yeah I was rightnbefore, that is just wrong,\" Guy added. \"Wait until mynfriends hear about this one,\" Brandon said excitedly. \"I don't think Inwill ever be able to eat calamari again,\" Alexander mumbled. \"Yo that one looksnjust like my little brother when he was small. I'm serious,\"nTommy said, pointing. \"Hey Mathesar, whatnare the odds of me taking one home for my aquarium?\" Jason asked. They all looked atnJason and shook their heads. \"Ignore him,nMathesar,\" Gwen said at the friendly alien's obvious discomfort,n\"everyone else does.\" As they were gettingnready to fall asleep Jason looked toward Gwen and said, \"So afternthis marriage thing do you think you and I can have a squid baby ofnour own?\" Gwen just rolled overnand fell quickly into a well-deserved sleep. Brandon didn'tnrealize how right he had been when he said that this crew nevernseemed to run out of adventures. The flight home would be long butnwithout the pressure of a delivery to stress everyone out. In anstrange way she was almost looking forward to it, to several quietnweeks with the people she loved with which to plan a wedding and thennafterward, who knows, maybe a pink human baby to one-day command thenProtector. ","Summary":" Galaxy Quest nnQuest for the Stellar Nursery Jason Nesmith deliverednhis last line of the script, b"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Beyond Poetry","Author":"Mimi Bella","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/561139","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1 Beyond Poetry *No characters, except Olivia and her mother, are mine and should not benconstrued as such. Please R/R* Chapter 1 Olivia stared at the pile of costumes Henslowe had given her to mend.n They were to be for Master Shakespeare's newest play, \"Romeo and Ethel\".nOr was it \"Romeo and Juliet\"? He couldn't seem to decide. No matter, shenknew what her orders were: remove the gold cords from the blue doublets andnsew them on the red ones. Tedious work, yes, but it was better than livingnon the street, or worse yet, being a whore like her mother. Olivia had come to work for the Rose Theatre not long after hernsixteenth birthday. It wasn't worth much, but someone had to pay the rent,nand her mother drank most of her earnings away. Besides, Olivia's job as anlaundress wasn't enough to feed them as well. She and her mother occupiedna two-room garret above a young writer's flat. Little did she know at thentime, he was young William Shakespeare, playwright and actor. But Oliviancared little for that. She couldn't even read, and hardly ever had thenspare money to see a play. \"What's that we have here?\" Will stopped her one day as she hurriednalong with her basket of dirty clothes. \"It's the washing,\" she replied quickly, her head down. She tried tonsidestep around him, but he put his arm out to stop her. \"Don't you know me? I believe we are neighbors!\" Will exclaimed.nOlivia looked up into his intense brown eyes and dark, curling hair. \"I'mnWill, by the way.\" \"Olivia,\" she said softly. \"Olivia, a lovely name. I shall have to put it in one of my playsnsomeday.\" \"Plays?\" she said incredulously. \"You're a writer, then?\" \"Will Shakespeare, at your service,\" he gave an elaborate bow to her.n Olivia looked around, color rising to her face. \"Stop it, stand up!\" she said. \"People are staring.\" \"And that they should, for how often do people in this city encounternbeauty as splendid as yours?\" \"Is this how you get all the girls to fall at your feet?\" she askedndismissively. \"Well, not exactly at my feet,\" he muttered. She started off. \"But Insee my reputation precedes me!\" he exclaimed, trying to prevent her fromngetting away. Olivia stopped in her tracks and shook her head in mocknexasperation. \"I can see you are not so easily impressed,\" he said. \"Should I be?\" she asked, turning to face him. \"Perhaps you will be, when I write a sonnet just for you to read,\" hensaid. Olivia shrugged and again started on her way. \"Well, you'll just have to recite it for me. I can't read,\" she toldnhim plainly. Will turned his head to one side and looked at Olivia, slightlynsurprised. \"They don't exactly have schools for people like me,\" she muttered,nwalking past him. Will started off behind her. \"Then I will teach you!\" he proposed. \"Will you, then,\" Olivia said incredulously. \"Yes! I shall. No one should be deprived of the ability to read andnenjoy\" he began. \"Your poetry?\" Olivia asked. \"Yes, well, mine and others',\" he continued confidently. \"But you'llnlet me teach you, won't you?\" \"Very well. I shall come by your flat after I finish with work thisnevening,\" she told him. Later that evening, Olivia arrived at Will Shakespeare's one roomngarret for her lesson. She sat at his desk as he introduced her to thenalphabet and began to show her how to write. He placed his hands on hernshoulders in a brotherly sort of way, and Olivia knew he thought more ofnher than of the legions of other girls he brought to his room for slightlynmore carnal purposes. Weeks passed, and Olivia progressed quickly in her studies. Shendevoured Will's plays and poetry, keeping a folio or two hidden beneath thenlaundry she took out to wash. When no one was looking, she would steal anfew minutes and read, savoring his words. Meanwhile, she would watch fromnher bedroom window as Master Shakespeare dallied in the courtyard with thenidiot costume girl from the Curtain Theatre, Rosaline. Olivia just sighednand rolled her eyes, knowing that this girl would be no different from thenrest, just a phase that Will would eventually pass through. She sat up late one night, staring out her window at the bleak dirtnstreets below, trying to ignore the sounds of crying babies in the nextnbuilding. Soon, Will, obviously drunk, came stumbling down the street,nclinging to building walls to maintain his balance. He noticed the candlenburning in Olivia's window and began calling her name.\" \"O-LIIIIIIIV-ia!!!\" he yelled. \"I know you're awake up there!nOLIVIA!!! Come down here!\" Various inhabitants, awakened from their somewhat peaceful slumber,nbegan yelling expletives at the noisy young drunk in the street. \"SHHHH!!\" Olivia said, exasperated, but she couldn't help but smilendown from her window at Will's arms outstretched in drunken entreaty. Shenbounded down the stairs to find Will slumped on the ground. She shook hisnhead, and then attempted to stand him up. \"I've done it this time, Livvy,\" he said. \"Done what?\" she asked, as she placed his limp arm around hernshoulder, but he didn't budge. \"Well, you see, it's quite a dilemma. I told Burbage, you know,npompous ass from the Curtain, that I had this play for him, 'Romeo andnEthel, the Pirate's Daughter' or some rubbish like that,\" Will began, hisnwords slurring together. \"Only problem is, I promised Henslowe the samenplay, and they've already held auditions. But I haven't gotten a thingnwritten, save for a few scenes!\" \"Seems like you've got some explaining to do to both of them,\" Oliviansaid. \"Oh, but that's not all. You see, I've promised plays to these twonmen, but the thing is, I haven't written either of them,\" he continued. \"And you're telling this to me because?\" Olivia trailed off. \"I need someone to be my muse!\" he exclaimed grandly. Olivia heard her mother stirring in her bed. She had come home fromnwork, drunk as usual, but Olivia knew it was better not to cross her innthis condition. She had received enough bruises in her childhood to learnnthis. Olivia sighed loudly. \"What about that baggage Rosaline you were so keen on justnyesterday?\" she asked bitterly. Will's face suddenly became pensive. \"Forget about her!\" he called. \"Please, come down here!\" Olivia pondered what it might mean to be Will Shakespeare's muse.nWould he put her into his play then? She thought it was time for a goodncharacter named Olivia! And so, she relented and descended the stairs tonthe courtyard, where the drunken writer had nearly collapsed. She helpednhim to his garret. \"Must write another scene tonight, rehearsals are tomorrow,\" he said,nsounding exhausted. He attempted to take a seat at his desk and pull out anpot of ink and stack of paper to begin his work. But no sooner had he donenthat, his head suddenly slammed down on the desk, asleep. Olivia rolled her eyes, and gently lifted his head from the desk. \"All right, Master Shakespeare, it looks as though there isn't goingnto be any writing getting done tonight. Let's get you off to bed,\" shensaid authoritatively, helping him toward his bed. \"Oh, will you be joining me?\" he asked in a ridiculous voice. \"Certainly not.\" \"But I've a play to write! Rehearsals begin tomorrow, and I've toldnHenslowe\" Will began, growing frantic. \"I'm sure Henslowe and the actors will be satisfied with the one orntwo scenes you've already completed. You can write the rest tomorrow ornthe day after. Now go to sleep,\" Olivia told him in an almost maternalntone. \"Good night, Will.\" \"Good night, Olivia,\" he responded. \"You'll still be my muse, won'tnyou?\" \"For now, I will. Good night,\" she smiled and shut the door to hisnflat. She paused for a moment and leaned against the door frame, realizingnwhat had just happened and what she was feeling. It was not just sisterlynamusement; indeed, it was something much deeper than that. \"I think I'm falling in love,\" she thought.[Chapter 2] 1 Beyond Poetry Chapter Two \"Romeo and Ethel\" began rehearsals the next day. Olivia reported tonwork at the Rose, and assisted the property master with dusting off the oldnswords and costumes to see what they could use for the production. \"So do you know what it's about, Miss Olivia?\" the property masternasked her as they lifted a box of blue velvet doublets. \"I believe it's a comedy of some sort, confusion of identities andnthe like,\" she said. \"Oh well, so long as there's a bit with a dog, I won't mind. I donlike comedies with dogs!\" he laughed. Olivia smiled half-heartedly. Henslowe suddenly burst into the room. \"Olivia!\" he exclaimed. \"Your assistance is required. Some of thenactors tell me they have not been measured for their costumes. Now we havenvery little time before we must perform, so I trust you will take care ofnthis immediately!\" \"I'll be right there, Mr. Henslowe,\" she said, putting down the propsnshe was dusting off. The property master winked at her as she followednHenslowe out into the house of the Rose. Members of the Company werenonstage, running through their lines. Olivia began drawing the actorsnaside to take their measurements for costumes, which really weren'tnmeasurements at all; Olivia just sized up each actor to see if they hadncostumes to accommodate them. She was in the middle of this when the main doors to the Rose burstnopen, and six men came loudly into the house. It was Ned Alleyn and thenAdmiral's Men, returned to the Rose after a tour in the country. Olivianrolled her eyes heavenward. She was not taken in by Ned's bombasticnpersonality, in spite of his talent. The actors exchanged greetings until Ned silenced them all with hisnannouncement: \"What is the play and what is my part?\" Will anxiously came to his side, saying, \"We are desperately in neednof a Mercutio, Ned.\" \"Yes, and what is the name of this piece?\" Ned asked grandly. \"Mercutio,\" Will said quickly. Confused glances were exchanged amongnthe actors. A complacent smile crept to Ned's lips. \"I will play him,\" he said, satisfied with himself. Will began shaking the Admiral's Mens' hands as Henslowe againnapproached Olivia. \"I do not believe young Master Kent there has been measured for ancostume,\" he told her. Olivia was not familiar with this Kent. Indeed,nshe had never seen him before. \"Very well,\" she said, approaching the boy. \"Master Kent!\" shencalled. He did not respond. \"Master Kent!\" she said again, this time touching the young man'snarm. He jumped, startled. \"Oh! Um, yes, I am Thomas Kent,\" he said nervously, his voicensuddenly deepening. \"Need your measurements, sir,\" Olivia said, glancing at his face. There was something odd about this Thomas Kent. His skin was muchntoo soft and there was no hair on his face. His features were far too finento be that of a man, Olivia thought. And he refused to make eye contactnwith her, as if he had something to hide. Olivia looked at him warily.nEven Sam Gosse, the actor who had always played female roles, looked morenmasculine than this Thomas Kent. Certainly, this must be the one playingnEthel \"What role is it that you'll be playing?\" Olivia asked. \"Romeo,\" Kent replied. Romeo. The hero. Olivia nodded at him. \"Thank you very much, Mr. Kent,\" she said. Kent noddednapprehensively, as though some secret had been revealed. No, things werencertainly not as they seemed, thought Olivia. Later that evening, when Olivia had finished her work at the Rose,nshe made her way home in the darkness. She didn't like to be around whennher mother arrived home, usually drunk after a night servicing the men ofnLondon, so she often found work to do at the theatre to keep her there asnlate as possible. The streets were growing quiet as Olivia approached her flat. In thendistance, she saw a young man walking toward her at a jaunty pace. Shendidn't take any notice of him. \"Olivia!\" he called. \"What in God's name are you doing out so late?\" It was Master Shakespeare. Olivia smiled. \"Good evening, Will. And where have you been?\" \"Getting inspired!\" he replied emphatically. \"Well, that's a good thing, as you haven't even completed Act One.\" Will laughed in response. He put his arm around Olivia's shouldersnin a brotherly manner. \"Yes, indeed, I will complete it tonight.\" \"What's gotten you so inspired?\" she asked. Will smiled broadly. \"Iam in love!\" he exclaimed. \"Really? And who is the lucky girl?\" Olivia asked. She was morenthan half hoping he would say, \"You!\" But he didn't. \"Lady Viola de Lesseps!\" he replied. \"Her nurse is the aunt of ournown Master Thomas Kent.\" \"Is that so? And how did you meet this angel?\" Olivia asked, almostnsarcastically. \"Why, at her home. There was a dance there tonight.\" \"Were you invited?\" Olivia imagined Master Shakespeare would notntypically mingle with lords and ladies at their homes. \"Sadly, no. But I saw her, up on her balcony, andoh, Olivia, I havennever seen such beauty!\" he enthused. Olivia tried to smile. \"LordnWessex's guards ended up chasing me away, but not before I could speak withnher!\" Will proceeded to describe this exquisite beauty with a string ofnmetaphors that would make anyone blush. \"I saw her across the room, andnthen she saw me, and I joined the dance so that I could be near her. Wenspoke, and then Wessex's guards tore me from her and threw me out. Oh, butnOlivia, I must see her!\" \"What are you going to do?\" Olivia asked, the annoyance more thannapparent in her voice. \"I'm going to write!\" he said grandly as he stared off toward hisngarret. \"I'll see you tomorrow, Olivia. Good night!\" Will wandered offnin a still-euphoric state as Olivia found her way up the stairs to her ownnstraw bed. Hot tears sprang onto the pillow as she imagined how she wouldnnever catch Master Shakespeare's attention now.[Chapter 3] Beyond Poetry Chapter Three The following morning, Olivia arrived to find the theatre alreadynfull, and the actors hard at work. Henslowe found her immediately andnsingled her out for some work.n \"Olivia, I trust those doublets will be finished today? The actorsnneed to begin rehearsing in them as soon as possible, you know. And Sam'sndress still isn't finished,\" he snapped at her.n \"Yes, yes, I know,\" Olivia returned with more than a hint of sarcasmnin her voice. \"They'll all be done in time, Mr. Henslowe.\"n Henslowe's face immediately turned red, as if some secret had beenndivulged. He took Olivia firmly by the arm and led her out of sight-andnearshot-of anyone else.n \"I'll ask you not to use that tone of voice with me,\" he scolded.n \"And why not? Are you my mother?\" Olivia shot back, and added.n\"Now, please excuse me, I have work to do, as you so aptly noted earlier.\"nWith that, Olivia turned on her heel and headed off toward the prop roomnbackstage, nearly bowling over Ned Alleyn, who gave her a confused look. Fighting back tears of heartbreak and frustration, Olivia immersednherself in her work. She thought that if she could keep herself fromnthinking of Will with anyone else, she just might be able to overcome hernfeelings for him. She continued through the day, working in silence, asnthe actors recited Shakespeare's brilliant words on the other side of thenwall where she sat. For three days, she worked like this, rarely leavingnthe room except to catch a breath of fresh air or a glass of water.n One day, she encountered Will backstage as she carried some props tonthe actors.n \"Olivia!\" he exclaimed. \"I've scarcely seen you around here lately.nIs everything all right?\"n \"Yes, Master Shakespeare, just busy with my work, you see,\" she saidnbriskly, walking past him.n \"Ah yes, as am I. Having a bit of trouble finishing the deathnscene,\" Will said, not picking up on the apparent annoyance and despair innher voice.n \"Death scene? Well, what about your muse, this Lady Viola? Inthought she cured you of any.obstacles you might encounter in your writing.n Or haven't you seen her recently?\" Olivia asked. Will turned color.nCoughing, he replied,n \"Ah, yes, I saw her.just last night, in fact.\"n Olivia's brows furrowed.n \"Last night? But you were here last night. Rehearsing, withneveryone else,\" she said.n \"Oh! Yes, that's right,\" Will stammered. \"Must have been anothernnight then.\" Olivia looked at him strangely. It seemed as though he wasnhiding something. \"Uh, well, back to work, then!\" Will, in an almostnpanicked mood, quickly hurried away. Olivia raised her eyebrows and shooknher head.n \"Writers,\" she said, attempting to busy herself with her work. A fewnmoments later, a familiar voice rang out and Olivia rolled her eyes.n \"Olivia!\" the man's voice called bombastically, ostentation oozingnfrom every syllable. \"Where is that accursed costume girl?\"n Olivia went silent. She hoped her would just go away. But hendidn't. Within moments, Ned Alleyn was standing in the doorway, his headncocked, eyebrow raised.n \"Olivia,\" he said succinctly, enunciating each syllable. \"Henslowentold me I could find you here. Are the Montague doublets finished yet? Wenare all waiting.\" \"Yes, nearly,\" she said tersely, without any inflection in her voice.n She stood up to place something on the shelf behind her. Suddenly, shenfelt Ned approaching her. His hands fell upon her shoulders. \"You know,nOlivia, you never answered my question, did you?\" he said, his voicendeepening. Olivia could feel her face redden. She shrugged his handsnaway.n \"Your question?\" she snapped. She pretended not to know what he wasntalking about, but she could hardly forget him, suggesting the previous daynthat they should become lovers, even though he sensed her affections werenfixed to someone else. Ned was perceptive, despite his ego.n \"I'm not one of your little strumpet fans. And I'm not my mother,\"nshe said bitterly.n Ned looked exasperated.n \"Surely, you must know that my intentions are much more honorablenthan that,\" he said seriously.n \"And what indication have you given me that they are?\" Olivianretorted angrily, trying to make him leave. \"Do you really think me so farnbelow you that your mere notice of me is enough to make me fall at yournfeet?\"n Ned was silent for a moment as he pondered his response. Finally, hensaid softly,n \"Olivia, you are the daughter of a whore.\"n Olivia felt the blood rise to her face as she laced into him with hernfists.n \"Get out!\" she screamed, tears running down her face. Ned backednaway from her, astonished. \"How dare you! Get away from me. Don't evernspeak to me again!\" she yelled and began to run. She didn't care where, asnlong as she got away from Ned.n Her head down, she barreled toward the back door of the theatre.nSuddenly, she collided with another solid body. Which happened to belongnto Master Shakespeare, who was perusing his latest writing. NoticingnOlivia's obvious distress, he took her by the shoulders.n \"Olivia! Good God, what's wrong?\" he asked in genuine concern.nOlivia looked away, fuming as tears streamed down her cheeks. She wipednthem away angrily.n \"It's nothing,\" she sniffed. \"Actors,\" she added, with more than anhint of disdain in her voice. * * * * * * There was a knock on the door of the small prop room Olivia hadncommandeered to finish her sewing.n \"Come in,\" she said flatly. The door opened and Ned poked his headnin the room. Olivia looked up. \"I thought I told you I never wanted tonsee you again.\" Ned entered the room and shut the door behind him.n \"Be that as it may,\" he began diplomatically, \"I won't be defeated soneasily.\"n \"Do you have any real reason to be here?\" Olivia asked impatiently.n \"I've come to tell you that rehearsal is over for the evening, andnthe Admiral's Men and I are heading down to the Boar's Head. Would youncare to join us?\" he asked.n Olivia gestured toward the mound of costumes she had yet to finishnsewing.n \"Even if I didn't have this pile of work to complete, I don't thinknthere is enough beer in that tavern to make one evening with you bearable,\"nshe snapped.n Ned closed his eyes and grimaced.n \"Very well. I see. Have a good evening, Olivia,\" he bid hernfarewell and left the room.n \"Good evening, Ned,\" she called after him, no sign of affection ornconcern in her voice. Ned had only been gone for a few moments when Henslowe stuck his headnthrough the door.n \"We're all leaving for the evening, Olivia. Will you be joining us?\"nhe asked.n Olivia held up the costume she was working on. \"Not if I want tonfinish these.\"n \"Oh. Well, if you finish, you know where we are. Oh, and Olivia,nyou'll be alone here tonight, so be careful,\" Henslowe said.n \"All right, thank you,\" she replied, more than a hint of annoyance innher voice, but secretly, she appreciated the concern. It was nearly midnight before Olivia finished sewing the correctncords on the right doublets. Her fingers full of pinpricks, she folded andnset them in the prop room, and then gathered her things together to gonhome, preparing for a long night's sleep. She was about to slip out thenback door when she heard a loud noise backstage. Thinking it was that bratnJohn Webster trying to spend the night in the theatre again, she quicklynlit a lantern and walked back inside.n \"I thought we told you to stay out of here,\" she called menacinglyninto the darkness, hoping that the morbid little child would show himself.n She thought she saw a light on the stage area and made her way towardnit. Sure enough, behind the set that was functioning as the Capulet'snhouse, a lone candle stood burning. Beside the candle she saw two forms innthe shadows.n She silently crept toward them as they came into view. Before hernshe saw Will.locked in a passionate kiss.with Thomas Kent.n Olivia gasped and almost cried out, but then she saw Will gingerlynremove Thomas Kent's hat. Waves of blonde hair cascaded down over Kent'snshoulders, although Olivia was beginning to suspect that that wasn't hisnname.n Shaking, Olivia backed away and quickly broke into a run as shenrushed out of the theatre. ","Summary":" 1 Beyond Poetry *No characters, except Olivia and her mother, are mine and should not benconstrued "},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Will & Viola","Author":"Lost Dove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/652247","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N This is basically my attempt at communicating just how much I love thenmovie \"Shakespeare in Love\", it shows Viola and Will after the dancenbecause they just can't stop thinking about each other (my how I love lovenstories) SO yes please r/r and tell me if you want me to do another pleasenthank you! Disclaimer: I never thought up the movie Shakespeare in Love. The title ofnthis piece is from one of Shakespeare's sonnets. If I had thought up thenmovie Shakespeare in Love my life would be complete, just as if I wasnShakespeare (which I never could be) I would not be bothering with anFanFiction website. So although I often communicate with Shakespeare on thenother side (kidding....kidding......) I did not think up the storyline!!! -Viola- Oh God, what strange possession caused me to go there yesterday? I am surenhe saw through my disguise, why else would he run after me through thenstreets of London like he did? I must be mad, for not only have I done thatnbut I will go back once more, as Thomas Kent, and play the role of whoevernhe wishes me to, because of the dance last night. How do I explain just what happened last night? When our eyes met over ournhands and to the wistful sound of the music we slowly turned and turned,nhis eyes piercing my soul, and I could only look back into his fathomlessneyes and pretend that I did not know him, even when I was sure henrecognized me. I have no boundaries anymore, I would climb the highestnmountain, cross the deepest sea, or overcome whatever hardship was flung mynway. And why? I know only this: that the strange burning I feel inside my soul now thatnis like a flame has suddenly sprung up where before there was only ashesnintoxicates, and I feel giddy, and joyful. I am in love, that forbiddennfeeling that once upon a time I wished for in my chambers with my nurse. Inwished for poetry, for adventure, and for love, and she laughed, for lovenis an unheard-of thing today. What fool would marry for love, it is joked,nand I must bite my tongue, for inside my idealistic heart there is but onenwish - to know once and for all the true feeling of passion eternal in mynlife, a passion that will not fade but instead bear on and on and on,nforevermore. Will Shakespeare holds a part of me I never knew I had, and I shall nevernhave again, one that was not present till I saw him and then I gave it tonhim before I myself even knew it. To think of him is sweet pain, a painnbecause of the things I know he will never know, and the sweetness becausenhe is my love and nothing that goes with him could ever not be sweet. Tonsee him again I will do anything - risk my parents' wrath if they werenhere. Wessex. How can I love Wessex? The man is not crude, but does not possess ansoul, and he looks upon me as chattel, this I know all too well. His wordsncannot compare to my dear Will's, nor can his being, for my Will is belovednin every way and Wessex is not, Wessex wants me only for my money and if Inhappen to be fair that is all the better for him. It is hard tondescribe...if I could spend only one more day on earth I would spend itnwith Will and that day would be better than all the rest of them putntogether, but if I must spend a lifetime with Wessex when it is with Willnthat my heart resides, can I survive? I will bind my breasts, and wear a boy's wig and when I go later in thisnday, any part I play will be ecstasy, be it the boy that runs on to collectnthe sword and speaks only an \"Ay\", for being near him who lights my mindnwill never pall for me. I loved his work, but now I love the man behindnthem, and I have only seen him twice. -Will- I feel filled with an inspiration that before has never lit upon mynfingertips. When I put pen to paper now, the words seem to fly out, soneager are they to alight upon my parchment. What vision did I see lastnnight? What heavenly goddess had left her chair in Heaven to grace the hallnof that dance? For what mortal being could possess such eyes, eyes thatnlight the world with their life and beauty, and a smile that leaves no roomnfor rivalry, and hair that falls like a golden cascade down shoulders ofncreamy alabaster. I fear my heart is no longer mine, but this is such sweet captivity thatnevery moment seems a new drop of sunlight glistening upon her fair face.nNever have I felt this way, never, and those paltry emotions felt fornRosalind and all the rest are merely fools' gold next to the treasure thatnI have discovered. And therefore never have I written this way, never feltnas if my heart's being was pouring out onto the page, with such raw loventhat I could almost touch it. I love her not only for her beauty, but for what I saw looking back at menfrom those eyes, those eyes that know so much yet still reach out tonembrace life, eyes that find in you your weakness and bathe it in a coolnsoft gaze. Eyes that at once are gentle, yet snapping; liquid, and loving,nand beauty in itself that shall never fade; eyes that looked across at minenfrom over our hands in a way that seemed to breathe faster, if eyes couldnbreathe. They faltered not a moment from their fixed point, those blessednminutes as our eyes read each other's souls. Those eyes have taken my soulnwith their thirst for life, and their need to live just once a life thatnhas been denied. Today I am inspired not by the Muses, but one more fair than those, andnmark my words, even if she should never glance my way again, or I nevernlook upon her eyes again, she shall live on in Juliet, and I will notnforget her, for even love that is denied is kept secret in a yearningnheart. I would brave the anger of the Lord Wessex just to see her again.[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Once again, this is a scene from that beautiful movie \"Shakespeare in Love\" which I adore. Not really a scene, but more thoughts that they might have been thinking. I have decided to do a sort of trilogy-ish thing with three scenes. This is the second. This scene does not take place at the same time, but the two ideas or thoughts that they are thinking are linked. William Shakespeare's thoughts are after he discovers that Christopher Marlowe was killed. As a bit of background for you, Will had told the Earl of Wessex, Viola's future husband, that he was Marlowe, and believes that this lie is responsible for his death. Viola de Lesseps, on the other hand believes that Will is dead, as Wessex told her that the man who had died was that who had visited her. Disclaimer: Sadly enough, I did not think up the movie \"Shakespeare in Love,\" as I have always had this yearning to have an Oscar. Viola de Lesseps, the Earl of Wessex, or Christopher Marlowe do not belong to me. Technically, Shakespeare belongs to neither me nor the creators of \"Shakespeare in Love,\" but that's beside the point. This piece that I have written is merely my attempt at a tribute to the gorgeous movie of wit and moving tragedy that is \"Shakespeare in Love\" (And should anyone even consider suing, please remember the wonderful plug I just willingly gave to your stunning movie *smiles prettily*.) Also, in Will's fifth paragraph, \"April's first-born flowers\" is from one of his sonnets....just don't remember which one. I have taken the liberty of using quotes before both their passages....their sources are marked. The title is from Macbeth. Will & Viola Part 2 ( -Will- \"It is I who killed him! God forgive me, God forgive me!\" -William Shakespeare, \"Shakespeare in Love\" Dead. Kit Marlowe is dead. It seems like only yesterday we were seated in that bar, and I admitted to him just how mired in my own promises I was. He was kind to me, gave me Mercutio's name, and how have I repaid him? By cowardly ridding myself of a rival! Kit, oh, you had so much left to do with your life, you could have written another masterpiece, like your Faustus....\"Was this the face that launched a thousand ships, and burnt the topless towers of Ilium?\" God, the times I have heard that recited for me and wished that it had never been written, and its author never born. And now it is so, and I never realized that graveness of life ceased to be. How can a life be snuffed out so quickly? And a flame so bright as Marlowe's, one that should have continued burning for still a while. And all because of me. Guilt, the guilt presses down on me in suffocating waves, I cannot speak, I cannot breathe, I am so wretched a man as has ever lived. I can find in myself only the strength to fall to my knees and implore. I did not intentionally mean to take his life, I was merely trying to save my own soul - but now that unnoble act has cost an innocent soul, one that did not deserve to die. I am so afraid. Afraid of what God's well-deserved judgement will bring down upon me, and even though I feel as if my life should be taken in recompense, who can not shake in the shadow of impending doom? I have lost control of my thoughts, they flit wildly from one moment to the next, yet each containing the same final message - that I am a murderer, that my soul is doomed to rest in hell eternally! My guilt is like a drum, pounding in my head, something I cannot ignore, nor put to the back of my mind to entertain other things. I sink to my knees in the ancient plea for life, for a second chance, a renewed attempt at living. Life, which seemed so ordinary before, is now a precious thing, like water in a desert, fire in a blizzard, something that must be kept and savoured and treasured. I pray, o how I pray. Forgiveness, Lord, please, grant unto me the divine forgiveness. I was not devout until I saw how I might be punished, but now I implore, I beg. I must stay alive, must remain on this earth to still see April's first-born flowers, to see the beauty of the day and the night, to still breathe the air that is as ambrosia to my soul. And most crucial, I must stay for Viola. Loving her is like being able to soar high above the clouds and not once having to fear that my wings will be clipped and I will be sent crashing to the ground. It is like having a fresh breeze from the sea grace my skin after a humid summer's day, but she is the summer's day too, and she is indeed everything pure and beautiful in my life, and out of it, and I had never hoped for anything like this, for I could never have imagined it. -Viola- \"When I thought you dead, I did not care about all the plays that will never come, only that I would never see your face.\" -Viola de Lesseps, \"Shakespeare in Love\" Gone, Oh my Lord, he is gone. Gone from this earth, never to return. And at the hand of that who I am promised to. Is a part of me taken from myself, torn from my very soul that I feel like this? But yes, Will had my heart, and now my heart rests with him, in the dirty mud of a tavern-side road! What a place for such a man to rest, a man who held my heart and his pen with such masterfullness as will never be equalled. How can I even think the course of my life if I cannot see his face, hear his words, touch his lips, merely be in his presence for just a few more short minutes? I knew our time together was precious, but I never imagined it was this brief. The hours spent lying with each other, talking, as his sweet words washed over me like rays of pure golden rain, seem as those out of a dream, a dream out of which I have rudely been awoken. I will not allow him to be dead, to have passed to a place where he is not within my reach. I would not care if he did not pen another word in his life, that is not what I am mourning for now, it is for the Will that I knew, and I alone knew. Must I go on? Cannot the gods strike down their thunder and take me too? For I cannot bear to live a life if it is not with him, nay, if it is not even knowing that he who I love still walks the streets of London, and Stratford-upon-Avon. Even if he was still alive and I could see him no longer, it would be more bearable than this, I would know that he lived on, and maybe even thought of me, even as a passing, fleeting memory. I cannot cry, I cannot weep, I cannot grieve openly, for we should never have met, we should never have spoken, never have done what we did. But that we did do those forbidden things is proof that miracles to happen upon this luckless world, and that even we lowly mortals can be touched by that which is held by the gods in the palm of their hands. And to think I left his side without a word of love, a word of passion, even a touch, a glance to convey to him what he is to me. He died thinking I hated him for having a wife. God, I could not care less if he had a goat for a wife, he is -was God help me- still the Will that I loved and cherished, still love and cherish. I must stumble blindly through my pain, for I do not see how life without Will could ever be light again.[Chapter 3] Author's Note: Yes, this is the last one. Quite honestly, I've never loved writing anything as much as I loved writing this. I breathe Shakespeare, I'm a bit of a freak, and this movie has been my favorite since forever and ever and ever. This is my favorite work ever, perhaps because I felt so close to Will and Viola when I wrote this. I've been putting off writing this last one for a while, because it's this one that will define the whole thing, as this is the most important scene/mood in the movie. Thank you for reading. Disclaimer: I own neither Viola de Lesseps nor William Shakespeare nor Earl Wessex. A Daughter's Duty refers back to the movie Shakespeare in Love, which I do not own. The reference to a stolen season is as well. -Viola- I am resolved. What can I do but leave him, my darling, my completion, the only one who has ever heard my secret dreams and hopes? The last thing in the world my heart wants to do is put an ocean between my soul and his? Although our love can cross the seas, our love can span those miles of blue divide, our souls can still meet, but how can I live without his face, his breath, his words, his very being? I do not wish to go, but I must. I must for myself, and for him, though our very essences cry out in agony at the separation. What will Wessex do to my lover if he loses his prize and his money? What else can I do? I am as trapped as a caged bird, one that has been taught to obey, and only dreams of a life of her own. To leave Will....to say farewell, and for what will seem like a thousand years never once reach across the miles that divide us and reunite? But I can do nothing else. I have to leave Will, Will, the only one who has ever understood me, who has ever cared that he knows the very secrets of my soul, and who has treated them with such tenderness that they became his. When I think of my life as it is to be, I stare it on with a resolution that does not seem to be my own, a resolution that time and tradition has bred into me, but behind that, a part of me is weeping, weeping, and those tears will never stop. It will be a life of obedience, a life of mundanity, a life dictated by Lord Wessex. All I will have is my thoughts, my memories of those three perfect weeks, for my souvenirs cannot be taken away from me. When Will and I sat by the water that day after I thought he was dead, I told him that I had seen our end, and that it would come. Throughout those hours of perfection, there was always a part of me that knew that this too would pass, this too would fade into what had to be done. My soul cries out at leaving, my heart weeps, but my mind knows their fate. I can remember all those sweet eternities we had, eternities that seem like fleeting dreams now. They seem more real to me than this world I live in now, though. The nights we spent, the recitals where every word I said was to him, and every word I spoke had been written for me. Life will never be any more melodious than those days, more content in its gentle yet passionate perfection. But my duty as a daughter says I must go. But on my life, if I could go back in time and decide whether I was to meet Will Shakespeare, and whether I was to fall as deeply and irrevokably in love with him as is ever possible, and whether I was to make this decision, I would never hesitate in my reply. A stolen season can still be remembered, unless it is forsaken. And so, here is where I must part and bid the only one whose heart beats with mine farewell. Farewell, my darling, farewell. Please, think of me sometimes, do not forget me, me who you hold in the cradle of your hand. Do not linger on me, but still remember.... -Will- I have no words. And for the first time, I do not desire them. My soul was what inflamed me to write before, so how can I continue when that soul is gone, gone far across the oceans to a place I cannot divine? To feel like this, like nothing in my life will ever matter again, as if I have lost the very thing that held me on this earth. She was an angel, it seems, something that came down from a place that I could never have trod, and now she must return to her home, someplace too far away for me to reach, someplace beyond my stature in life. For a few short moments in my trivial life, I stumbled upon what life in all its perfection must be, but now they have slipped beyond my grasp, never to be regained. I was never meant to have those instants, it was only my impudence and temerity that brought them into my grasp. If only we had ever had a chance. I would challenge that Earl Wessex who destroys my very heart with his greedy clutches, but Viola would never hear of it, she would never allow me. She can look past her feelings and hold her judgement only in her mind, a talent I do not possess. I would fight this separation with every bit of strength in my frame, anything to escape the cold life that is closing in on me without her divine presence. I can feel its breath already, seeming to freeze that very spark that guides me. O God, to live without her, to wake everyday knowing that another possesses her,I have not the endurance nor the power to go on. What can I do to fill this void, to somehow end this aching emptiness that encompasses my very being? As she turned from me after that one last embrace, running down the hall, I knew that she knew that if she stayed longer she would not have the strength to leave. The one last glimpse of her fleeting form is all I have now, is the last moment I will hold forever in my memory. Her last words, \"Write me well.\" Nothing in me wants to write, to pen another play that is not a tragedy that reads what my soul experiences, but the instincts in me are all-consuming; when she mentioned Orsino, I had to begin to explore his possibilities, and elucidate in my mind upon what he could do, and be, and love. If my darling will not stay with me, then I will fulfil her last request of me - I will not give up writing for her. I will, rather, write every word that flows from my fingers to her, every letter that is curved from the guidance of my hand will be dedicated to her everlasting memory, to the love that we both feel. Not a play, not a sonnet, not a poem, not the most trivial of enterprises will go unpledged to Viola. Beginning with a comedy, by William Shakespeare. What irony is there, a comedy written by the most lovelorn fool in the entire country. But the heroine will be Viola, a lady not like the others, who forges her way in a new country after a shipwreck, holding her own every step of the way, and enver once loking back and regretting her circumstances. Will Shakespeare. Will anyone ever fathom the past of mine they do not know? Will Viola's true place in my history go unnoted, will she ever grace a page with my name beside it? But she does not need fame, nor the tarnished medals of public recognition, she shines as clear as a drop of moonlight on a dark night, as silvery and pure as a unicorn's tear. Goodbye, my love, a thousand times goodbye. There were never words to say the depth of love I hold for you. And I will write you well.... ","Summary":" A/N This is basically my attempt at communicating just how much I love thenmovie \"Shakespeare in L"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"What Friends Are For","Author":"DefyTheRules","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6344396","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Don't own, so don't sue me. This might be a one shot, but I'm not sure. Let me know if you want me to continue. I promised myself I'd never get into this situation again. But here I am, awaking in the arms of the enemy, John Tucker. I make just a little bit of noise as I get up, and he wakes up. \"Hey Baby. What are you doing up so early? It's Saturday. We can spend all day in here.\" \"Sorry John. I can't. I have stuff to do. Last night was okay. But we can't do it again. I just had to get you out of my system. That was all. You're with Kate now. That just wouldn't be right.\" \"Whoa, Baby, c'mon. Don't be like that. Look, what we have is special. It's not the same as what Kate and I have. And really we don't have that much yet. We went to the beach. That was it. Maybe after the big game.\" \"Well, last night was it. I'm over you John. I'll see you at school.\" I say as I walk out of his room. He gets up quickly and follows me out. \"Hold on. Don't go.\" \"I have places I have to be John.\" \"I'll tell you what Babe. You stay here with me a little longer, and I'll go to one of your rallies with you.\" He tries to kiss me and I scoot out of his way and back into his room. He follows me in, thinking he'd won me over. He closes the door and puts his arms around my waist. I used to love it when he did that, but now it just disgusts me. \"Sorry Tucker. We're done. I just left my bra. I have to go. I have a date tonight. I've decided that collage boys are way better then high school ones.\" I tell him as I saunter out of his room, and out of his house, giving his brother, Scott, a flirty wave as I go. As soon as I'm out of sight of the Tucker house, I call Kate. \"Kate, it's Beth. I know it's kind of early, but could I please come over to your house? My parents will kill me if I come home like this right now.\" She gives me the affirmative. I knew I cold count on her. We've all gotten pretty close over the past week, but I think I've gotten closer with Kate then the other two. She's like my best best friend now. \"And can you call Carrie and Heather too? I need to talk to all of you.\" I hang up without waiting for her reply. I don't want her to her the slight waver in my voice. I knew John would do this to me. Last night, Carrie and Heather were talking about how Kate might have to actually get with John. She didn't look too enthused, but she's too nice to just tell them no. I knew that doing that would break her. They said that if John didn't get some from someone soon, he'd probably just go on a rampage of looking for someone to hook up with night after night, and it'd jeopardize the whole revenge thing. So when I left, I went looking for him. He was at a collage party spot, but none of the girls were paying him any attention; his older brother, Alex was there. So when he saw me, he instantly asked me to go somewhere else with him, so I wouldn't see Alex. He knows how easy I am, and that worked to my advantage. The someplace else ended up being his house, more specifically his room. You know what happened next. I'm at Kate's now. I get out of my car and grab my bag. The other girls are already there, and usher me quickly into the house. They badger me with questions, but I stay silent. I reach into my bag and hand them a camera. Carrie snatches it from me and plugs it into Kate's t.v. John didn't know my plan. No one did. I showed them that not everyone has to be used by John Tucker. They could use him too. I was also able to slip in the conversation that we had on my drive over. John called almost immediately after I hung up on Kate. I put it on speaker, and got him almost crying when I told him he wasn't really that good, that I'd had better, and that I'd had bigger too. That's how you break a man. After listening to it, the three of them stared at me in awe. \"Why'd you do it Beth? I was supposed to.\" Kate asks \"Your first time should be special. I didn't want you to lose that opportunity because your too nice to tell them no. So I went in your stead. It's not like I haven't done it before.\" Kate gave me a look. \"You promised yourself and me that you wouldn't do it with him again.\" \"Look Kate, it's no big deal. It's part of my rep. Everyone expects me to go and do stuff like that. So I might as well prove them right. It was wrong of them to expect you to give over something that you can only give once over for the cause. Now John should be fine for a little. He won't be happy, but now he should be even more determined to get you. You heard that I used you as my reason why we couldn't anymore, among other things.\" Heather and Carrie just stood there, listening to us talk. Then they slowly slid out the door, sensing that Kate wanted to talk to me alone. \"You didn't have to.\" She mumbled as soon as they were out the door. \"Yeah. I did. Like I said, better me then you. Don't make a big deal about it.\" \"But you fell like shit! I can see it in your eyes. They may not see it, but I do. You were trying so hard to stay away from him, and other guys who just wanted you for sex. You shouldn't have broken your promise for me.\" I'm so close to tears right now. But in typical me fashion, I push them back. Instead, I plaster a big fake smile onto my face. Kate's eyes narrow. I know she sees right through it. \"What are friends for Katie? Look, I think I'm gonna go home. I need to shower and get some sleep. I didn't find him till four in the morning. So I'll see you tomorrow.\" \"Stay here.\" She says \"What? No, I can't. I have to go home.\" \"That's not what you said on the phone. Just crash and shower here. Then maybe tonight you can actually spend the night here, like you pretended to last night. I promise that it'll be much better then last night.\" She smiles \"Alright. I guess I will. And I'm sure tonight will be much more fun then last night was. Pretty much anything would be. But a girls' night does sound cool.\"[Chapter 2] Kate has been watching me constantly since I woke up. I kinda crashed right after my shower. I guess that Kate, Heather and Carrie had come up with another phase in the plan while I was out. Kate would keep doin' the same thing she'd been doing, but Heather would run interference, to see just how into her John is. I doesn't make sense to me, because he obviously doesn't care enough yet, I'd proved that, but what do I know? So instead of saying anything, I chose to sit and listen and nod at the appropriate times. Heather and Carrie seemed to believe that I liked it, or maybe they just don't care. Kate just keeps looking at me with a look of concern. I went in the bathroom before I came down. She's not staring because I have bed head or anything. I can't figure out why she won't stop watching me. The others' aren't. So what does she see that they don't? I get up to get a drink, and she comes out too. She cornered me in the kitchen. \"Beth. What's wrong?\" \"Nothing's wrong Kate. Actually, something is wrong. Do I have something on my face? Cuz I know it's not my hair. Why do you keep staring at me?\" Kate laughs. \"No, there's nothing on your face. I'm just worried about you. You did something last night that you didn't want to, for me. I feel bad, and I don't think you're as okay as you say you are. I just want you to be okay. To go back to being yourself.\" \"Katie, I'm just fine. I'm just really tired. That's it. Nothing else but tiredness. I'll be back to normal in a few minutes. I'm going to caffeine myself up, and then I'll be back to normal. You'll see.\" I smile, hoping to reassure her. I don't want her to be sad. It was my choice to sleep with John. It was like I told her before. I don't want her to give up something for our revenge that she'll probably regret. It's not right to ask that from her. Kate doesn't seem convinced, but she smiles anyway, and leaves me to my thoughts. The rest of the day is spent playing videogames and watching chick flicks. At round eleven, Carrie and Heather leave, and it's just Kate and I. \"Beth, please talk to me. I know that this whole day has been an act. Just please let me in. You need to talk about this.\" I sigh, I knew this was coming. That's why she let it go so easily earlier. Here goes nothing. \"Fine Katie. You're right. I feel dirty. Are you happy? I feel like the slut so many people think I am. Most of the time, I think it's funny. But right now, if someone where to joke about it, I might just cry. No, I didn't want to do it. But I did. And if I could change it, I wouldn't. I would do it over again to save you from him. I want to get him back for what he's done to all of us. But not at that expense to you. I would NEVER ask anyone to do that for me. It would be wrong.\" Kate looks at me like I'm crazy. I guess she didn't expect me to be so forthcoming with that. Well, I am just full of surprises. \"Beth.\" \"Katie, can we just go to sleep please? I'm tired, and you have a big day tomorrow.\" She nods, and opens her mouth to speak, but then closes it. We getr into her bed, and she wraps her arms around me and puts her lips right next to my ear. \"Thank you Beth.\" She whispers. I can't help but smile.[Chapter 3] The worst part about waking up next to Kate is that I know I'll have to get up. I've been watching her sleep for about ten minutes when she yawns and starts to wake up. \"I can feel you staring at me.\" She murmurs \"It's actually what woke me up.\" She giggles \"Sorry Katie. You're just really cute when you sleep, I couldn't help myself.\" She blushes slightly at my comment, but doesn't say anything, and doesn't try to untangle herself from the jumble of limbs we became over the night. I have to admit, I'm grateful for all the warmth and contact. \"So what do you want to do today?\" She asks, eyes on me \"Well\" \"Kate! Wake Up! Time for school!\" Her Mom's voice says from the other side of the door She flings the door open. \"Katie! C'mon. Oh, Beth! I didn't know you slept over last night.\" \"I uhh, had a really crappy weekend, and Kate told me I could spend the night after she had to hear me babble about it till 2 in the morning. I'm really sorry we didn't ask first.\" I say, trying to not get Kate in trouble \"It's not a problem, and you know you are welcome here anytime. I just don't know if I made enough food for breakfast.\" \"I don't do breakfast during the week, so it's no biggie.\" She smiles, relief on her features. \"Alright, well you girls better get movin'. School starts in 45 minutes.\" She leaves the room, but not before shooting Kate what seems to me like a \"we need to talk later\" look. Kate just smiles at her, until she leaves. Then she groans, and buries her head back into her pillow. \"I don't wanna go. I'm tired.\" \"Sorry Katie, but you have to go. John hasn't seen you in a while. Heather and Carrie will be pissed if you're a no show today.\" I remind her \"Well, if I'm going, you're going.\" She replied, and finally got out of bed, ultimately forcing me to as well. We get dressed, and manage to barely get there on time. But John is waiting, having texted her while we were on our way, and greets her with a kiss. \"How do you two know each other?\" He asks, a look of slight concern on his face \"We met at a party I went to last night. We have gym together, but you can't really have many good conversations there, ya know. But I saw her at the party, and we got to talking, and we ended up going back to my place after we told these two guys we were together to make them stop hitting on us.\" Kate explains, and I can't figure out how she gets it all out in one breath, so I just stare at her before she elbows me, and I manage to get out something that sounds like \"Yea\". \"I didn't know you went to a party last night. Where was it? Why didn't you invite me? You said you were busy last night, and that the night before you were doing family stuff.\" He asks, with what might be (dare I say it) jealousy in his tone. \"Sorry Johnny Boy, but we can't tell you where it was. It's one of those secret, last minute kind of things. Someone must really want Kate, since she's new and got the text. But don't worry, I made sure no boys laid their paws on her. I kept her safe and sound all night long.\" I answer, knowing Kate's reply would not have been satisfactory after what she just pulled. I look over at Kate, expecting her to smile at me. Instead, she looks kinda sad. I'll have to ask her about that later. I don't want her to be upset that I'm spreading false rumors about her. Although, that is one of the better rumors going around about any girl at the moment. John thinks about what we have just told him, and is about to say something when he bell rings, signaling that we need to get to class. Kate kisses John on the cheek, which makes me angry, even though I have no right to be, and then we walk down to gym, where Heather and Carrie are waiting. \"Jeez, what took ya so long?\" Carrie asks as she strips out of her clothes and into her gym gear. \"Sorry, we had to explain why we came to school together and how we met.\" Kate replies \"And? What did ya come up with?\" Heather asks \"We met at a party that was secret and we couldn't tell him where it was. Somebody is very into me cuz that is the only way I would've gotten the invitation after only being here for a little bit.\" Kate explains \"Oh, that's good. I like that. It'll keep him curious, upset, jealous,\" \"We don't need the full range of all his possible emotions Carrie.\" Heather says, and I'm happy she cut her off, because I'm tired of talking about John. \"Alright ladies, get your cute little asses out here and play some ball!\" The teacher's voice cuts through the locker room, and we all groan, and stop talking in preparation of the hell we are all about to be thrust into. It's another Friday night, and Kate has a date with John. I don't know why, but recently, I really have hated seeing them together. Seeing him touch her and smile at her, and laugh at something she said. It's almost worse whenever she responds that way towards him. We all watch as he leans in to kiss her goodnight, and they headbutt each other. Even though it brought her some slight pain, I'm happy about it because he gives up and leaves. Then we see the steps as Kate rushes up the stairs to us. \"You got him hooked girl!\" Heather squawks as soon as she closes the door behind Kate. \"You really think so?\" Kate asks \"Ok course! Did you see his face whenever he left without a kiss? He wants you bad girl! We got him almost exactly where we want him. Now we just need to do the thing after the big game, and then by his birthday, we'll be able to expose him for what he truly is! Well, this was a success. I think I'm gonna call it a night. Heather? You ready to go?\" Carrie asks Heather nods, and after both say their goodbyes, leave Kate and I alone. \"You did great tonight. But if you want out before the big game, I won't be upset.\" \"Why do you keep trying to talk me out of this? I thought this was what you wanted?\" She asks, her voice laced with anger. \"It's not that I don't want everyone to see him for what he is, and to see him break, because I do. I just don't think that you doing stuff you don't want to should be a part of this. And I have a feeling that whatever you're gonna be asked to do for the big game is going to be way over the top.\" I try to explain, hoping to get her off my case without giving myself away. \"I'm doing this for you I mean you guys, and all the girls John Tucker has messed with. It's what friends are for, right?\" She says, a flirty look on her face, and I can't help but laugh, not just because it makes me feel less awkward about what I want to do to her right now to show my appreciation, but because I can't believe she's using my words from last weekend against me. \"Stay the night?\" She whispers, and I can't say no as she climbs into bed, and lifts the covers up for me to join.[Chapter 4] Waking up to Kate is something I could get used to. Something about her makes me feel safe, and loved. But what kind of love it is, I'm not too sure about. What if I'm reading the signs wrong, and she just wants to be friends? I don't want to lose her completely because I want her as more than a friend. The big game is going on right now, and instead of helping Carrie set up, I'm thinking of waking up next to Kate three days in a row. Oh damn, I got lost again.. \"Beth, are you okay? You seem more distracted than normal. Is there something you wanted to talk about?\" Carrie's voice cuts through the silence of Kate's hotel room. \"What? No, I'm fine. I'm just kind of tired, ya know? And I'm kind of excited to see him fall. The famous John Tucker, brought down by three scorned girls, and the hot new girl!\" Oh shit, me and my stupid mouth. Could I be any more obvious? The hot new girl! She'll definitely have picked up on that, and the questions will be non-stop now. \"Yeah, we did get lucky that Kate is such a hottie. All the guys want her, and I bet some of the girls do to. I wonder who she'll date whenever she's free of John? Will she pick someone like his brother, who seems to have a crush on her? Oooh, or maybe another jock, that's not as bad as John. Or maybe she'll.\" \"I don't wanna talk about it okay? Kate can date whoever she wants alright? She is perfectly within her rights as a human to choose that. It's really none of our business. She's helping us out, and then maybe she won't want to be friends with us anymore. John is the only thing we have in common. Maybe none of us will ever talk again.\" My word vomit reflects my thoughts. It's something that I've been thinking about for about the last week or so. And now Carrie really is looking at me like I've lost my mind. \"Well I for one plan on talking to you after all of this, and I'm sure Heather and Kate will as well. We can still be friends. This just happened to be the thing that brought us together. It's really too bad I'm not doing an article on this for the paper. Or maybe I should write a book on it. I could be a best-selling artist before I graduate high school. How awesome would that be?\" I smile at her. Her rambling makes me feel a little bit better. That means she's been thinking about the same thing as I have, and her conclusion is a lot less grim then mine was, even if the book thing is a little out there. The door opens, and Kate and Heather come in, still dressed in their uniforms. All the girls on the team look good in their uniforms, but seeing Kate in hers, a little bit of sweat on her, in a hotel room with no adults really, and knowing that I get to share a bed with her again tonight.. Let's just say that if we were alone, I would jump her, no matter what my earlier sentiments were. Fortunately, Heather and Carrie were here. I hand Kate the bag I picked up earlier from Victoria's Secret. I almost feel like Carrie knows, and wanted to torture me. But I did it, and I have to say, I picked the hottest lingerie in the store. Kate comes out in it, and my jaw drops. She looks sexier than I had imagined. She blushes, and slips on a robe. Heather and Carrie are prepping her for her web cam date with John. It's gonna be really funny what happens to him, but I don't want him to see her in the lingerie that I picked out for her. I don't even like that Carrie and Heather can see her in it, and they don't even want her the way John does, the way I do. So I'm gonna leave it here for now, hope you like the update![Chapter 5] The plan went off without a hitch. John got caught, and everyone took pictures of him being drug around by his ear in his little thong. But it's now Monday afternoon, and I'm pretty sure the whole male population is wearing thongs. Every single guy I have seen bend down today has been wearing one, and I think I speak for the whole female student body when I say I'm scarred for life. Kate and I are hanging out at her house (Heather and Carrie had something else to do, I wasn't really paying attention to what Carrie said), watching a movie, like normal people. Not like a date, or like two people who are plotting to take down the most popular guy in school together. I wish it was a date Kate popped in some scary movie that she'd apparently picked up the night she got home, and now she's snuggled into my side. She jumps every time a noise scares the main characters, and buries her head in my neck whenever someone is killed. It's really cute, and God, this feels like something you do with a date. If I could just grow some balls (temporarily of course), maybe this could have been a date for us, instead of just friends hanging out. If this is what we do as friends, I wonder what we would do if we were dating. No! Bad Beth! Don't go there. You cannot be thinking about stuff like that whenever Kate is sitting so close (basically on my lap). Maybe when this is all over with John \"Beth? Earth to Beth! What's up?\" Kate's voice breaks me out of my thoughts, definitely a good thing. \"Sorry I was just thinking. Nothing's wrong.\" She looks at me doubtfully, but says nothing else. Instead, she chooses to cuddle back into my neck. Three hours later, and we're continuing what has turn into a horror movie marathon up in her room when her phone rings. She sighs and slightly untangles herself from me enough so she can lean across me to grab her cell. \"Hello? Oh John. No, I can't tonight. I have so much homework.\" The movie decides to call her out on her lie, by having one of the party girls being killed, and screaming loudly. \"Oh that? Actually I think that was my mom, I better go check on her. Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow.\" She hangs up, and is no longer laying across me before she speaks again. \"I wish he'd just leave me alone, ya know? I don't think I've been a good enough girlfriend to warrant all of this. Plus, once this is all over, I can go after who I really want. I would go after them now, but it would be a little weird, considering the situation.\" \"Yeah, I don't think John's brother would be okay with all of this.\" I respond, hopefully keeping the bitterness out of my tone. She sits up, and disentangles herself completely from me. \"I didn't mean John's brother. I meant you. I mean, I thought that I was being obvious. I told Heather and Carrie to give us tonight to just hang out ourselves, because I really thought that you would say something, or I would, kinda like I am, but not like this. I'm sorry, but I hope we can still be friends.\" \"We can't be friends. Not now.\" Her face immediately falls. \"I wanna go out on a date with you Kate. Just the two of us. After we finish with John, or before. Whenever really. I didn't wanna ruin this, which is why I didn't say anything.\" There's a loud noise from just outside Kate's room, and then Carrie and Heather come into the room, smiles on their faces. \"I was sooooo right! I knew it!\" Carrie cries Heather is smiling just as much as Carrie, but she seems kinda upset as she hands Carrie $20. \"I thought maybe you would wait to say something until after all of this. She thought it would be Kate that finally said something, and that it would be before the big finale. You,\" she points at me \"Cost me 20 bucks, and now I have to take her to dinner, then do an interview. I don't even know how dinner got thrown in there. But we're both happy for you. Took you both long enough.\" \"We were both hungry at the time.\" Carrie adds \"And it definitely took way too long for you guys to figure it out. I mean could you not see how upset Beth was when you put on the lingerie she picked out, for John? Or how bout\" \"We get it Carrie, It was obvious to everyone that wasn't us. And I'm sorry I lost you money Heather. But why were you guys outside? It's super creepy.\" I ask \"Well, we happened to see John passing by your house as we were going back to Carrie's, and wanted to stop in. We just happened to hear Kate's little freak out over Beth being stupid.\" \"Hey! I wasn't being stupid Heather. I just\" Kate cuts me off. \"It doesn't matter anymore. We've got it figured out, and now all we have to do is get rid of John. I didn't want anything to do with him in the first place, but now\" She turns towards me, and I can't help but smile. \"As much as I don't like him being anywhere near you, I know we have to finish this. Plus, I don't mind waiting. I know you're mine, so it doesn't bother me as much as it did before, since I know that I'm not alone in the feelings. But if he touches you infront of me, I'll probably slap him. I won't be able to stop myself.\" It's the night after John's party, and I'm about to knock on Kate's door to pick her up for our date. I don't think I've ever been so nervous. I'm wearing a red dress that stops mid-thigh, and leaves only a little to the imagination. I've been standing outside the door for about five minutes, and I'm still early. The door opens, and Kate's mom comes out, and closes the door behind her. \"You're adorable, you know that? Kate is up in her room right now, pacing just like you. But that's not why I came out here. She likes you a lot. And I can tell that you like her too, but if you hurt her, they won't find your body, understand? I've messed up a lot, and let my dates walk all over me, but I'll be damned if the same happens to my Kate.\" \"If I ever hurt her, there wouldn't be anything you could do to me that would hurt more than knowing I hurt her in any way.\" I tell her truthfully (even if it does sound clichd) She smiles at me. \"Good answer kid. And for the record, I knew as soon as I met you. I wish you would've said something earlier. She was going kinda stir crazy. But you do have my blessing. Just don't hurt her.\" She's just finished her speech when the door opens, and Kate comes out, and my jaw drops. The END! Thanks for reading, and I'm sorry about the long waits. I know it seems kinda rushed, but I feel like that's how it would've been in the movie. One of them lets it slip how they feel, and the other responds they feel the same, and make a date, after John. ","Summary":" I Don't own, so don't sue me. This might be a one shot, but I'm not sure. Let me know if you want m"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Pretty Little Disasters","Author":"writergirl2003","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4979388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is the beginning of a new full-length story I'm trying to write! I'm not sure how it will turn out, but I'm excited about it and I hope I can actually go through with it. I'm aware this first chapter is extremely short, but they'll get longer, believe me. This story is a little AU, and by AU I mean the movie hasn't happened, and won't happen. :) I don't own John Tucker Must Die, and I don't own Beth or Kate, but I wish I did. As always, this story is for my baby. I wouldn't be doing this without your love and support. I love you, darling. \"Come on, honey, you can trust me.\" He was so close. She could smell his breath, feel his rough hands. She squirmed, and tried to cry out, but no sound came from her throat. Her eyes squeezed shut, tears forming at the corners. \"No.\" It was the only word she could manage to get out, but if he heard her speak, he didn't acknowledge the words. \"Come on.\" He sounded so friendly. If she didn't know better, she'd think he was simply asking her if she wanted to go to a movie with him. But things were so terribly different. \"Please don't.\" She was young, barely old enough to know the difference between right and wrong, but she knew this was horribly wrong. She knew little girls weren't supposed to endure this kind of thing, but fighting only made things worse. It made him angry, and it was hard enough to survive this without his fist landing against her face. His hands were upon her then, and she whimpered, her body jerking as she tried to move away from him. But she was just a little girl, and he was strong. He held on tight and wouldn't let go. It was twisted fate that she had always wished for this kind of love; the kind where someone would want to hold her tight and not let go. But this wasn't what she had wanted. She wanted hugs, not rough, dirty fingernails digging into the soft flesh on her arms, and certainly not his sickeningly hot breath against her skin. \"No, no.\" It was the only word she knew. The word that repeated in her mind over and over, and the one that always woke her in the middle of the night. Her fingers were always clutching the covers on her bed, her breath ragged and her skin drenched with sweat. Beth sat up in bed, blinking to adjust to the darkness of the room. She blinked, recognizing the warm tears that slipped down her cheeks, and hurriedly wiped them away with her hands. She glanced at the clock before realizing that it was still the middle of the night, and her body was exhausted. She pressed her lips together, but didn't lie down. She couldn't, because then the memories would come flooding back. She would accidentally fall asleep, and that dream would resume. The word dream was a funny notion, because it implied that it was nothing more than a figment of her imagination. It was almost possible, this late at night, to convince herself that it had never happened, but that wasn't the truth, and she knew it. The sad truth resonated in her brain. Her sister had walked in on it happening, but God she'd only been fourteen at the time, and she'd been scared to death. She didn't know what would happen to her if she managed to catch his attention. They'd made eye contact before he'd even known she was there, and then she was gone. Beth wasn't quite sure if she'd ever forgiven her for that; for walking away and pretending everything was okay, and that she hadn't just seen a grown man on top of her nine-year-old sister. Beth sometimes wondered if she even remembered that day. Beth certainly hadn't forgotten it. She would never forget it, no matter how hard she tried to. It was one of those days in which a person remembered every detail; every sight, every smell, every sound. It replayed in Technicolor in her mind, and everything was amplified in her memory. Every second went by in slow motion. Beth often wondered if that was because those had been the last few precious moments of her childhood. And this was what happened at night. She had that dream; that memory , and then she was awake for the rest of the night. Even though her body was exhausted, her mind was reeling, and she was too afraid that dream would continue if she fell back to sleep. The brunette sighed and pressed her lips together. She ran a hand through her dark, tangled hair, and then let it fall to her side. \"You can't keep doing this to yourself, Beth,\" she spoke the words quietly to herself, and then shook her head in disappointment. She kept making this promise to herself that she'd get better, and she never did. The memories never went away; the pain never went away. If anything, it only intensified. Time and repressed memories distorted the details in her mind, and she somewhat subconsciously replaced what she could not remember with more painful details than were necessary. Beth clenched her jaw in the darkness of the room, and at the familiar burn of tears in her eyes, she switched on her bedside lamp. Her hands searched in the dim light beneath the table, looking for the hemp-bound journal that she knew was there. Upon finding it, she pulled it into bed with her, and flipped through the grainy recycled pages. This journal was her only sanctuary. Her words, her thoughts, her fears were safe inside these pages, and even holding it released a wave of comfort and security throughout her. Her fingers curled at the pages, and a smile pressed across her lips as her eyes scanned words and pictures, the dark, beautiful eyes of animals staring back at her. It was beyond her realm of consciousness to recognize the cruel irony in her existence. At seventeen, she had devoted her entire mind, body, and spirit to saving the lives of animals in places she could only dream of visiting; she would stop at nothing to lend her voice to the silent. And yet, she couldn't even begin to save herself.[Chapter 2] Thank you to everyone who reviewed my first chapter. I truly appreciate it. And a very special thank-you to my beautiful girl, who is the reason I write. This is for you. I'm not feeling very well right now, and I have a ton of projects due for school this week, but I'll update as soon as I possibly can. Enjoy! \"Honey, one of these days you're gonna have to trust me. It won't always be this way.\" The blonde woman's voice echoed in the empty rooms of the house, and Kate rolled her eyes to the back of her mother's head. \"Yeah, right.\" The blonde girl perched on the edge of one of the boxes that had already been packed and taped up. It was ready to be loaded onto yet another moving van, to be transported to yet another city. It struck her as somewhat ridiculous that they hadn't even finished un packing the boxes from their most recent move, and already they were being packed again. She often wondered if her mother was literally blind to the fact that her actions had any effect on Kate whatsoever. She certainly didn't seem to have any idea that their constant moving was even the slightest bit inconvenient in her daughter's life. By this point, Kate could only assume that her mother thought she liked switching to a different school every semester. She had once said it gave Kate the chance to start all over, each time. Kate could do little more than roll her eyes to that statement. Her mother didn't seem to notice that she was the one who so desperately craved a fresh start. Kate didn't mind getting out of a house if it meant that her mother would stop crying or gorging on chocolate icing, but she didn't like moving. She didn't like starting over each time. Kate had nothing to run from. \"Kate, come on,\" she heard her mother's voice call up the stairs, and when she didn't move, her footsteps followed her warning call a few moments later. The older woman came to stand at the end of the hallway, placing her hands on her hips. \"You could at least help pack.\" Kate looked up at her mother suddenly, her face expressing her displeasure. She wanted to yell and throw a fit, but knew that would help nothing. Her mother had made up her mind, and there was nothing she could do to stop it now. \"Fine.\" Kate pulled herself off the box she had been seated on, and trudged into her bedroom. She carefully placed an empty box on her bed and began to fill it with the books and magazines that currently sat on her bookshelf. When she heard her mother approach her doorway, she sighed loudly, and then turned to look at her. \"You know, if you insist on moving every time one of these idiots breaks your heart, you'd think that you would learn to wait at least a week before finding a boyfriend, Mom.\" She looked at the older woman, exasperated, \"I mean, God, we haven't even finished un packing from when we arrived here!\" She shook her head, and continued to pack her things. Lori stepped closer to her, finally allowing a hand to fall gently on her daughter's back. \"I know you're upset, Kate. I get that.\" \"Do you?\" Kate wheeled around on her mother, glaring at her, \"I don't think you do get that, Mom, or we wouldn't be in this situation.\" Kate closed the lid on the box and pushed it off her bed, creating a resounding crash that echoed throughout the room. As she reached for another box, Lori caught her arm. \"Kate.\" Her voice was stern now, and Kate recognized it as the mom voice. She hated that voice. \"Look at me.\" Kate stood for a moment before turning to her mother, raising her blue eyes to meet the older woman's. She bit on her lip as Lori studied her face. She didn't feel good about fighting with her mother, but it was hard to be calm and collected when she consistently relocated her entire life. Just as soon as Kate got used to one place, they were off to another. \"Listen.\" Lori's hand fell on her daughter's shoulder, and Kate blinked. \"I know this is hard, okay? It's not easy for me either.\" Kate grunted softly and shifted, crossing her arms over her chest. \"I mean it,\" Lori confessed, her eyes dark and serious, \"It's not like I get some sick sense of pleasure out of uprooting your life all the time.\" \"Then why do you do it?\" Kate's gaze remained on her mother, almost challenging her. Lori sighed and then allowed herself to sit on the edge of Kate's bed. \"Kate,\" she said her name softly, and Kate's eyes softened a little. \"You're my daughter, and my number one responsibility is to take care of you.\" She shrugged, \"I'm a single mom. I can only do so much. I'm just looking for someone who can take care of you, take care of both of us.\" Her shoulders slumped, and then she shook her head. \"And each time, I think I find that, and then, each time, I'm wrong. Every time one of those guys leaves, a million chances go out the door with him.\" Kate narrowed her eyes, and then shook her head. \"We don't need them, Mom! I don't like them, and even if they stayed, I wouldn't want any of them to be a father to me.\" She watched her mother silently for a moment, and then sighed, \"Anyway, if they left just like that, what makes you think they wouldn't do it once you were married or something?\" \"I guess it's just called having faith,\" Lori smiled softly at her daughter, and gently took Kate's hand. Kate allowed her to hold it for a moment, before crossing her arms again. \"No, Mom, it's called being nave.\" She bit her lip, and could instantly see the hurt in the older woman's eyes. \"I'm sorry. I just hate this. I hate constantly seeing you depressed like this, and knowing that it's because of some jackass that was just looking for a good time.\" She averted her gaze from her mother, and fixed it on the aquarium in the corner of the room. \"You do realize that each time you try to find the perfect husband or whatever it is you're looking for, you get that much further away from actually finding it, don't you?\" At her mother's silence, Kate shook her head again. \"I'm never letting a man make me feel like that.\" After a moment, Lori nodded, and then stood. \"Good. Then if I haven't taught you anything else, at least I've taught you that.\" She smiled at her daughter, stroking her arm before moving towards the door, \"Don't do what I've done. Don't chase love down.\" Kate pulled her arms in tighter to her chest, and kept her eyes on her mother. \"Finish up with your packing,\" the older woman's voice instructed her as she disappeared down the hall, \"We're leaving early in the morning.\" Kate rolled her eyes, and then clenched her teeth, glancing at the clock. It was already the middle of the night, which gave her approximately two hours to get her entire room packed and loaded onto the moving truck. \"Where are we going this time?\" She called back, her fingers curling into fists. She fought the urge to keep her nails from creating crescent moons by digging into her skin. Her mother's footsteps stopped a little further down the hallway, and she was silent for a moment. \"I was thinking Washington,\" she answered, her voice as casual as anything. \"D.C.?\" Kate shrieked, her mouth falling open in shock. \"No, Washington State,\" the voice answered, with a small laugh, \"It's only about eight hours from here. If we leave by four, we'll be there before lunch.\" Kate pressed her lips together, and shook her head. Eight hours might as well have been a lifetime. They'd never come back to Oregon. They'd only gotten here a year ago, and had managed to go through four cities, and now it appeared they were abandoning the state altogether. Kate wondered what would happen when they ran out of states on the west coast. Knowing her mom, they'd probably just start over on the east. There had to be at least ten states they hadn't lived in yet. Kate didn't care if she was being overdramatic about the whole thing. She was sick of everything; sick of moving, sick of seeing her mother chase after men, sick of catching said men sneaking out of the house before the sun rose. Kate moved back to her bed, shoved some clothes into a suitcase at the edge of the mattress, and pushed it off her bed. She pulled her feet onto the mattress, lay back against the comforter she hadn't yet packed, and closed her eyes. She tried to imagine what it would have been like to have a normal life. A life with two parents, a house she could have grown up in, and maybe some siblings. If anyone would have ever asked her what she wanted, that's all she would have asked for: some place to belong. She didn't care if it was in Oregon, Oklahoma, or halfway across the world. A home was a home. Maybe she could find a home in Washington, she reasoned with herself. Join the track team at school, make some friends; maybe even meet someone she would fall in love with. Kate laughed to herself at the ridiculousness of it all, and tried to ignore the nagging feeling in her stomach that told her she wanted to cry. After a moment, she pushed herself off her bed, and threw the few personal belongings she'd had lying around her room into another box near the door. She wondered if her mother would ever realize that moving wasn't just about throwing material items into a box and carrying them to another location. It was about breaking bonds, friendships, and promises. Moving was, essentially, about ending part of your life. Kate finished packing her things, and sat the boxes on top of each other. She grabbed the book she'd been reading for the past week, and opened it to the dog-eared page. The overhead light filled all of the empty spaces in what had been her bedroom, and she shifted on the bare mattress that the movers would load into their trucks in just a matter of moments. She tried to concentrate on her book as she heard a truck pull up outside, and then heard her mother's voice instructing the men. She tried not to think about the fact that in just minutes they'd be climbing the stairs, throwing all of her worldly possessions into the back of yet another truck, and ending yet another part of her life. Kate couldn't concentrate on her book, though. All she could think about was the resentment that surged through her veins as her mother called up to her. She knew that her mother saw their nomadic state as a continuous opportunity to start over, but Kate didn't know how she could start her life over when she hadn't even had a chance to live it yet.[Chapter 3] Well, I've been housebound for the past few days, and I just randomly decided to write this today, so I hope it makes sense. This is for you, baby. I love you and miss you so much. Enjoy, all. :) Beth curled her fingers around her notebook, and narrowed her eyes as the remaining students filed into the classroom. She shifted in her seat, and her actions caused her skirt to rise on her thighs. Beth opened her notebook to the first clean page, and took to aimlessly doodling with her pencil, leaving black smudges of lead on the white pages. She didn't look up again until she felt the chair move beside her, and then allowed her green eyes to look up towards the blonde that slid into the seat next to her. She scooted her things over, and pressed an empty smile to her lips. \"Hey, Madison.\" The other girl regarded her immediately, furrowing her eyebrows. \"Hey, Beth.\" She studied her for a moment, and then began to unload her backpack. \"You know, don't take this the wrong way or anything, but you kind of look like shit.\" The brunette girl kept her eyes focused on her notebook, the corners of her lips turning down into a slight frown. \"It was just a long weekend,\" she offered her, finally meeting Madison's eyes. Night after night of not being able to sleep had caught up with her long ago, and she knew that her make-up would eventually be ineffective at covering up the darkness beneath her eyes. She had tried meditating and mixing an herbal tea before bed, but most nights, that dream haunted her. It was easier to stay up all night, and find ways to get her energy in the morning before school. Sleep was the enemy. \"I hear you. So, listen, I was wondering if you wanted to drive up to Seattle this weekend?\" Madison's voice cut through the thoughts in Beth's head, and she glanced at her, \"There's apparently a big protest going on up at the University of Washington. Some professor was testing on animals.\" Hatred gleamed in the blonde's eyes. She and Beth had met last year, during the short-lived but enthusiastic animal rights club. A crowd of school wide vegetarians that Beth had managed to round up had gotten a green light to form the club, as long as they could find a teacher to sponsor the group. When the eleventh-grade ecology teacher had offered to do so, Beth had been exhilarated. They received a list of compliances and rules that they would be expected to follow, but Beth hadn't really bothered to read them. She had figured they would have a certain number of freedoms, considering they were the only club on campus that didn't consist of some sport or scholastic cause, but strived to actually help poor, defenseless creatures. However, when Beth staged their first rally, the police showed up and ended up hauling half the club's population off to jail. It appeared that the school didn't take too kindly to having law enforcement be required to get involved in extracurricular activities, and the club had been canceled. The remaining funds ended up being distributed between several other groups, namely the basketball, cheerleading, and track teams. For this reason, Beth detested organized sports. Beth swallowed, closing her eyes for a moment as the other girl spoke. She could feel her heart beginning to pound, and her fingers curled tightly around her pencil. She clenched her teeth, and tried to focus on her words. It broke her heart; to think that anyone could ever harm an animal was senseless to her. After a moment, she allowed her eyes to open slowly, and they immediately fell on the form on an unfamiliar face, standing somewhat hesitantly in the door frame. Beth had never seen her before, which meant that she must have been new. It was strange, though, considering that it was the middle of the year, and they'd been in school for over four months. The girl with no name self-consciously clutched her books against her chest, and shifted on her feet. Beth watched her silently, and as someone attempted to squeeze in the door beside her, the girl seemed to realize she was blocking the walkway. She quickly moved, and began to take small steps towards the remaining empty seats in the classroom. \"So, anyway, it's on Saturday. It starts at noon. I was thinking we could drive up and stop at that new health food store on the way. You know, the one that they had on the news the other day?\" Madison's voice cut through Beth's reverie, and she turned, blinking before realizing she had been in the middle of a conversation. \"Oh, yeahuh, sure. That sounds great.\" She offered her a small smile, and then immediately let her eyes move back to the blonde stranger. She stood in the front of the room for another moment, and when everyone had slid into their seats, she slowly approached the remaining empty tables. Beth watched with a half-smirk as she painstakingly chose a seat and slid into it. The psychology room was made up of over a dozen small tables, with only two seats to each one. The blonde stranger had chosen a seat, two rows up from Beth and Madison's table, and had somewhat unfortunately decided to sit beside the resident bitch of the class, Karen Sims. Karen was such a difficult person that she'd caused the psychology teacher to cry on more than one occasion, and since her parents funded the music center in the school, all of the school officials were too afraid to reprimand her. As soon as the unwitting blonde girl had made her home beside Karen, she turned to her and, not so kindly, announced, \"You can't sit there.\" The new blonde girl shrunk a little into her seat, and cautiously clutched her books. \"Is it taken?\" She wondered, speaking for the first time. Her voice was pure and cool, and Beth found herself instantly drawn to it, and to her. \"No,\" Karen answered, her voice taking on its usually cruel tone, \"I just don't want you to sit here.\" The blonde girl seemed surprised, and she simply looked at her for a moment before wordlessly getting up and taking her books with her. She walked a little further into the class, and found a spot just diagonal of Beth's table. Hesitating for a moment, she seemed to take it as a good sign when the other girl at the table simply turned her head away. The blonde slipped into her seat, and folded her hands on the table in front of her. Beth smirked. \"So, did you finish that essay for today?\" Madison's voice was in her ear again, causing Beth to tear her eyes away from the stranger. She blanked, and the furrow of her eyebrows obviously expressed her confusion. \"What was it about, again?\" She tried to sound nonchalant as she asked the question, but knew that it would have a tragic affect on her grade. She really couldn't afford another D on her report card, but knew she probably didn't have much of a choice. \"We were supposed to write about conditioning, remember? Like, Pavlov and the dog? Pick a habit, and try to condition ourselves?\" Beth's eyebrows arched, and she tried to remember when they'd talked about this topic. Had she even been here? She hadn't been absent lately; at least not as far as she could remember. Still, it didn't ring a bell. \"Guess it slipped my mind,\" she played it off, her husky voice laced with laughter. But her attention had already been diverted from the missed assignment, and she was focusing on the new blonde girl again. Her hair was curly, and fell over her shoulders. It was so disheveled that Beth wondered if she'd even brushed it before she'd come to school this morning. She was dressed conservatively- a little too conservatively for Beth's tastes, and she seemed quiet. She sat staring straight ahead for a long moment, and then, as Beth watched her, she turned to the girl next to her. \"Do you know when the tryouts are for the track team?\" Kate asked in that same smooth, cool voice. Beth let out a sigh and rolled her eyes, and the wannabe Goth girl next to her simply turned away in response. If Beth didn't have such a hatred for organized sports, she would have felt bad for the new girl. Maybe she still did, but just a little bit. \"Okay, class.\" The teacher, Ms. Foster, entered the room, pulling the door shut behind her and placing her school bag on the desk in front of her. \"Good morning.\" There was a mumble of greetings throughout the class, and Beth pressed her lips together, keeping her eyes lowered to her paper. \"We have a new student among us,\" Ms. Foster announced, and Beth raised her eyes suddenly, immediately turning to look at the blonde girl. \"Her name is Katherine Spencer. She comes from-\" \"Actually,\" the blonde girl spoke up, cutting Ms. Foster off. Beth's lips turned into a smirk, and she stared at her, \"It's Kate. Kate Spencer.\" Beth's lips pressed into a full smile, but she continued to suppress it as a smirk. Katherine? She did not look like a Katherine, but she did look like a Kate. \"Oh,\" Ms. Foster checked her attendance sheet, and then threw a line through her name, her pencil moving to write 'Kate' above the name. \"Okay, Kate. Well, tell us. Where is it you come from?\" Kate sat quietly for a moment, and Beth rolled her eyes. What a lame question. Where is it you come from? What was she, an alien? \"Um,\" Kate hesitated, and then shrugged a little, \"I come fromeverywhere.\" Everywhere? Beth's interests piqued, and she arched an eyebrow. \"Everywhere?\" Ms. Foster seemed to echo Beth's sentiments, and then she grinned good-naturedly. \"Well, then. Psychology class is certainly the right place for you.\" Beth watched as Kate's face drew up in confusion, and she allowed herself to lean back against her seat. Ms. Foster cleared her throat, and asked the class to pass up their essays, and the moment was gone. Kate's fifteen minutes of fame was over, and she was lost in the crowd. Beth spent the entire period drifting between listening to the teacher, and watching Kate. She didn't move much, Beth noticed. She seemed to perch in one position and stay that way. She was dressed in a sweater that was too big for her; a little long on her arms and waist, and Beth wondered why. She seemed to have an extremely nice figure; Beth was a good judge of figure, and Kate's curves looked sharp and delicious. Beth swallowed, and then forced herself to avert her eyes. She tried to make herself take notes, but by the time class was over, she realized the only marks she'd made on her paper were unintelligible and dark, senseless strokes. Class drew to an end, and Madison tried to involve her in conversation as they gathered their things, but Beth had other plans. She wanted to speak to Kate. Wanted to get to know the girl that came from everywhere, even if she did participate in organized athletics. Pushing her messenger bag onto her shoulder, she hurried over to Kate's table, leaving Madison alone in the middle of a conversation. Annoyed, the girl gathered her things and left in a hurry. Beth didn't notice, and positioned herself just a few feet away from Kate. \"Hey.\" She offered her a smile, and Kate continued to collect her things before finally turning to glance at Beth. \"Hi,\" she returned, not pausing in her task. She gathered her notebooks in her arms and began towards the entrance. \"So you're new.\" It wasn't a question that Beth posed; it was merely a statement. Kate nodded, and then straightened her posture, clutching her books. \"Yeah.\" She certainly didn't seem to be one for conversation. For the first time, Kate allowed her eyes to meet Beth's. Beth sucked her breath in silently as she noticed the stunning shade of blue, and then grinned softly. \"So where you'd come from?\" Beth wondered, as the classroom emptied. Kate glanced around, noticing that they were the only two left in the room. She cleared her throat quietly, and then pressed her lips together. She glanced toward the door, and then back at Beth. \"Ohio, originally,\" she sighed softly, \"Most recently from Oregon.\" \"Wow,\" Beth breathed, \"Ohio to Oregon? That's like three states away.\" Kate's eyes narrowed as she looked at the other girl, the same look of confusion clouding her features. Beth looked back at her, her eyebrows furrowing as she tried to recall where Ohio was. It had to be in the west somewhere. Geography had never been her strong point. \"Um, okay.\" Kate laughed a little, though more out of discomfort than any other emotion. It annoyed Beth that Kate was so reserved, and seemed so hesitant to become involved in conversation. \"Um, I have to get to my next class.\" She offered Beth a tiny smile, and began toward the door. Beth followed behind her, her face flushed with resentment for the blonde girl. \"Oh!\" Kate spoke suddenly, wheeling around to face Beth. Beth had been following closely behind, and when Kate turned, it left them nearly a foot apart. Kate's eyes connected with Beth's, and she kept the brunette's gaze for a moment. Beth swallowed, her heart pounding slightly faster as they gazed at one another. \"Can I ask you a question?\" Beth pursed her lips, and wanted to say no. She wanted to turn her back and walk away, and make Kate feel sorry that she hadn't pursued the conversation Beth had pressed. She was feeling rather indignant now, even though that wasn't the word Beth would use to describe it, considering she had no idea what indignant meant. But she was pissed! She would refuse to help Kate, who would, in turn, apologize for acting like such a prude. Beth would simply refuse her. But, God, those blue eyes were beautiful. \"Sure,\" Beth replied, her voice low with expectation, \"What is it?\" \"Um,\" Kate's voice was shaky, and Beth wondered if the blonde was as secure in herself as she truly seemed. If anyone knew anything about facades, it was certainly Beth. \"I was wondering if\" her hands fumbled with a piece of paper, and she unfolded it. Beth watched her blue eyes scan the words, and then she looked up, \"Can you tell me how to get to room 212A?\" Beth sighed, and then chuckled softly. Kate's blue eyes remained on her face, and Beth nodded. \"Yeah. Go to the end of the hallway, and down the stairs. That's the second floor. Then turn left, and it'll be in that hallway.\" Kate nodded, then gave that same small smile. \"Thanks,\" she tucked the paper back into her pocket, and headed off. \"Well, see ya.\" Beth waggled her fingers, and watched Kate disappear down the hall. She waited until Kate was gone to head to her next class, which was Senior English. She managed to get through the rest of the morning without giving much thought to the blonde girl, though it was difficult, considering that she'd gotten under her skin, with all that fancy talk of Ohio and the track team. It wasn't until she was at lunch with the rest of her friends that she spotted Kate again. The blonde girl gripped the edges of her tray, walking casually through the cafeteria. Beth tried to watch her guardedly, but Kate caught her eyes, and began toward the table. Beth sat up straighter, wanting to make sure that Kate knew there was no room for her here. Like vicious cats, the rest of the students at the table glanced up at her with narrowed eyes. \"I got lost because of you,\" Kate said simply, not moving to take a seat at the table. Beth blinked up at her, her fingers peeling apart her pita bread somewhat unconsciously. \"Excuse me?\" She wondered, wishing her heart would stop the way it started acting when Kate came around. \"I got lost.\" Kate shook her head, \"When I asked you how to get to my class, you said go down the stairs and take a left. Well I did, and it took me to an entirely different part of the building. I think you meant to say take a right.\" Beth stared back at her for a moment, and then studied her hands. Left, right. Oh, shit . \"Yeah, that's what I said,\" Beth lied. Kate watched her for a moment, then laughed softly. \"No, you didn't. You said left.\" Beth felt her face flush, and shrugged. \"Well, you still got there, didn't you?\" She tried to salvage her pride, and then immediately shifted in her seat, turning her back on Kate. She tried to focus on the conversation that was already in progress between two of her friends. They were discussing whether or not they should spread a petition around school protesting the unnecessary use of vegetables in the vegetable cups that were offered to students but hardly ever taken. Beth added her two cents, and then tried to remain involved in the debate. She was able to for another moment, but eventually she turned back in her seat. Without meaning to, her eyes scanned the cafeteria, searching for her. She found her a moment later, sitting at one side of an empty table, while the body language of a group on the other side huddled in a mass told her they wanted nothing to do with her. She was hunched over her tray, eating quietly, and for a moment, Beth felt guilty. For just a moment, she considered getting up, going over there, and asking Kate to join her group at the table. But she wouldn't do that. She couldn't. Obviously, she and Kate didn't belong in the same crowd. Beth knew what happened when people tried to mix cliques, and she was far enough into her comfort zone at school not to mess that up. School was her retreat from home, and she couldn't put her own well-being in jeopardy. She wouldn't do it, not for a strange girl from Ohio who liked to run track. She didn't owe anything to Kate Spencer. At least not as long as she could avoid those gorgeous blue eyes.[Chapter 4] So, I'm finally updating. I know it's been a while, but it's been hard for me to find my muse. I think I've found it again, though, and I'm keeping it in a jar so it can't escape. But... we'll see. Anyway, enjoy! I'll try to update again ASAP. This is for my lovely lady Kelsey. I love you, sweetie. Thank you for continuing to inspire me... no matter how long it takes for me to actually do something! \"So, do you think you're ready to do this by yourself?\" Kate nodded, smiling softly. Her hands slid into her apron, and she retrieved her order pad. \"I think so,\" she replied meekly, her fingers curling around the leather pad. Her fingers tapped on the top of the pad, and she pressed her lips together. \"Just remember what I told you,\" Melanie smiled, \"The first thing you say-\" \"Hi, my name's Kate, I'll be your waitress.\" The blonde girl interrupted, and the other girl smiled. \"Right! And then you-\" \"Ask if they'd like a Coke, tea, or coffee,\" Kate grinned, \"I think I'm okay. I'm just nervous.\" Melanie grinned. \"I taught you well. I have faith in you.\" She smirked, \"I think you'll be just fine.\" \"Thanks.\" Kate smiled at the other girl, and then let her eyes move out over the restaurant. Melanie was only a year older than her, and she'd been designated to train her since she'd gotten a job here last week. Kate had been lucky to find a job so quickly, considering that she would probably have to give her mother a portion of the check for rent this month. Her mother had encouraged her to get a job, and Kate hadn't necessarily objected, though she was worried that another sudden move would cause her to have to quit suddenly. \"Sure,\" Melanie grinned, her eyes scanning over the restaurant. She let out a little squeal as the hostess led a man to a table a few rows over from where they stood. \"Ooh. Excuse me, Kate. Some hottie just sat down in my area. Guess I have to go offer him coffee, tea, or me.\" She giggled, and began toward the table. Suddenly she turned, and called for Kate, who had already turned away from them. \"Oh, Kate! You take the tables in section three tonight, okay? I know there are a lot of tables, but it's a weeknight, so it should be pretty slow!\" \"Okay,\" Kate called back, her heart beating a little faster as she realized that she was alone now. The second that the hostess led someone to her section, she'd have to take full responsibility for their satisfaction. The thought made her nervous, but she swallowed the lump in her throat, and perched behind the counter, watching carefully as others entered the restaurant. She sighed softly, and then made her way into the back of the restaurant, wondering if she was supposed to be doing something else until someone was in her section. No sooner had she wandered away from her post did one of the waitresses enter the back, notifying her that someone had just been seated in her section. She swallowed hard and nodded, pushed through the swinging door, and glanced across the restaurant. Forcing a smile to her lips, she made her way across the restaurant to a table for two, though only one person had been seated. It was a brunette girl, and her head was lowered. Something about that dark, curling hair looked so familiar, though she didn't even recognize her until she moved closer and the brunette girl looked up at her. Recognition flashed in her eyes, and she smirked at Kate, lying her menu down on the table as the blonde approached her. Kate felt a tightening in the pit of her stomach, and pressed her lips together, her fingers curling around the pad of paper she held. She let out a soft sigh, and approached the table, forcing a smile to her lips. \"Hi,\" she greeted her softly, the rehearsed words rushing out of her mind as soon as she attempted to speak. \"Um, do you want a-\" she hesitated, furrowing her eyebrows, \"a Coke? Coffee?\" Beth smirked at her, seeming pleasantly amused by the other girl's awkwardness. \"I don't drink coffee,\" she told her simply, \"I'll just have water.\" \"Okay,\" Kate nodded, marking it down on her pad. She glanced back up, pointing the end of her pen towards the empty seat at the table. \"And\" \"I don't know what she wants,\" Beth informed her dryly, her fingers curling against the tablecloth. \"O-okay,\" Kate nodded, turning to retreat back to the kitchen. She began to walk away when the other girl called to her. \"Hey, Kate?\" Beth's voice rang out, and the blonde turned, focusing on the brunette. Beth's fingers curled around the menu. \"Do you serve anything at this restaurant that hasn't been killed?\" \"Um,\" she pressed her lips together, and then swallowed. She had spent some of her free time attempting to memorize the menu, but she suddenly felt awkward and unsure of herself. \"I don't-Yeah, I think so.\" \"Doesn't this place have some kind of vegetarian menu?\" She asked suddenly, \"You know, tofu garden burgers?\" Kate watched her for a moment, and then laughed softly. \"Garden burgers?\" \"Yeah\" Beth's eyebrow arched, \"You know anything that hasn't come in fresh from the slaughterhouse?\" \"I'm not sure,\" she told her softly, \"I can go ask.\" Beth pressed her lips together, and then nodded. \"You do that.\" Heat rushed to Kate's face as she made her way to the kitchen. She asked three different people if the restaurant offered a vegetarian menu, and when she got a resounding 'no' from each of them, she headed back to Beth's table. By now, another girl had joined her, and the two sat speaking quietly to each other. Kate clenched her jaw before approaching them, and forcing a smile. \"I'm sorry, apparently we don't have a vegetarian menu,\" she told her reluctantly, before focusing her attention on the other girl, \"Can I get you something to-\" \"Of course we have the most inept waitress in this restaurant,\" the other girl commented quietly, and Beth giggled in response. Kate's narrowed eyes moved to her. She swallowed, and tried to keep her focus. Beth had successfully made a bad impression on her during the first day of school, and she had tried her best to steer clear of her since then. She had seen this girl around school with Beth, and could only assume she was a member of the earth-loving cult that Beth seemed to run. Her group of friends seemed to promote their vegetarian club like it was going out of style. Oh, wait - that's right; it had never been in style in the first place. \"What would you like to drink?\" She tried again, and nodded tightly when the other girl ordered tea. After much debating on the girls' parts, they managed to find something that both of them could eat, and Kate returned to the kitchen with the requests. Soon after, several others were seated in her section, and she managed to avoid Beth and the other girl for as long as she could. Within the next hour, a wealthy-looking couple had left her a ten-dollar tip, she'd managed to serve at least four other tables, and Beth and her friend were still there. Sighing in defeat, she made her way back to the table, forcing a smile to her lips. \"How was everything?\" She wondered hopefully, \"Can I get you anything else?\" Like your check? The other girl raised her eyebrow, and Beth narrowed her gaze at Kate. \"So, Kate,\" she spoke softly, her lips formed into a smirk, \"I was telling Allison that you're from Wisconsin. She said that they, like, worship cheese and milk in that state. Do you know what cows have to go through in order for people like you to get that milk and cheese?\" Kate's eyes narrowed in confusion, and she shook her head slightly. \"Um, no. Beth, I'm from Oregon, not Wisconsin. I've never lived in Wisconsin. I think you're confusing Wisconsin and Washington.\" Beth's face fell slightly, and she looked to her friend, who pursed her lips and glared in Kate's direction. \"We live in Washington, right?\" Beth's confirmation to her friend was nearly silent, but Kate heard it, and couldn't hide the smirk that pressed across her lips. Her friend nodded, and Beth turned back to Kate. \"We'll just take our check,\" she whispered somewhat bitterly, and Kate pulled the slip of paper from her apron, placing it before the two girls. \"I'll pick it up for you when you're ready,\" she told them before retreating to the kitchen. By the time she emerged with another customer's order, the table was empty, and she sighed in relief. Crossing the room to collect the check, she counted the money and then glanced at the bill. Her stomach tightened in anger as she realized that they hadn't even bothered to leave her a tip. She clenched her teeth as she made her way back to the register, and then asked Melanie to watch her table as she slipped into the bathroom. She used the restroom quickly, and then studied her reflection in the mirror as she washed her hands. Her hair was a mess, but what was new? It curled and kinked in all the wrong places, and she wondered suddenly if she'd ever care enough to do something different with it. She had tried gel once, in her freshman year of high school, and had vowed never to take that road again. A toilet flushed suddenly, and it pushed Kate out of her thoughts. Her eyes immediately fell to a pair of feet in the stall behind her, and she began to readjust her apron before pausing. She knew those feet. More specifically, she knew those shoes. There was only one person she knew that wore cork sandals with straps made of hemp. She made an almost unconscious decision to wait for Beth to emerge from the stall. A moment later, the brunette opened the door, and smiled somewhat unexpectedly at the blonde. \"So we meet again,\" she mused, raising her eyebrows playfully at Kate as she made her way to the sink to wash her hands. \"Yeah,\" Kate spoke softly, her insides turning with anger. She shifted on her feet, and then brushed her hair behind her ear. \"Listen, Beth-\" Beth lowered her eyes to the sink, washing her hands without bothering to look up at the other girl. Kate watched her reflection. \"What's up, Katie?\" Her voice sounded over the rush of water, and Kate shook her head slightly. \"No, my name's Kate,\" she corrected her quietly, her face flushing as she began to speak. \"And I just I think it's reallywell, rude of you not to leave a tip for your waitress. I mean, if you're going to go out to eat and then try to verbally harass me, the least you could do is leave a measly dollar.\" Beth's eyebrows raised as she watched the other girl. A moment later, an amused smirk pressed across her lips, and her eyes reflected an emotion that Kate couldn't quite read. \"Chill, Katie,\" she laughed softly, \"Sorry uh, I mean Kate.\" She rested her purse on the sink, and pulled her wallet out, searching through it for a moment before pulling out a green bill. She offered it to Kate, who stared at her cautiously for a moment. \"Here, take it,\" she shook the five dollars in Kate's direction, \"Allison picked up the bill, so I didn't bother to check. Is that enough?\" After a moment, Kate took the money, slipping it into her apron. \"Thanks,\" she murmured quietly after a moment. Beth pulled her make-up bag from her purse and began to apply her mascara as she studied her reflection. \"Sure.\" Beth replied after a moment, \"I don't hate you, Kate. I mean, I think you're a brat, and you could probably stand to listen to an Enya CD, but that's about it.\" \"A brat?\" Kate demanded, her eyebrows furrowing, \"What? Why?\" Beth glanced at her in the mirror, raising her eyebrows. \"You're way too tightly wound,\" she told her casually, dabbing at her mascara in the mirror, \"You're kind of like a ticking bomb. It's like you're way too rectal, Kate.\" Kate's cheeks flushed, and her fingers curled instinctively into fists. \"Rectal? I think you mean anal , genius. Which I'm definitely not . I'm not anal.\" She crossed her arms tightly around her chest. \"If you say so,\" Beth laughed, shaking her head. Kate bit her tongue, pressing her lips together. Kate stood for a moment, considering the words in her mind. \"Anyway, even if I was, it's not like I don't have a reason. You would be too if you had no control over any aspect of your life.\" She narrowed her gaze. Beth didn't know her at all. She had no right to assume that Kate was anal. She wasn't anal; she was simply reluctant to relinquish control over the few small things that she was able to hold onto. Beth turned to her, her eyes dark suddenly. \"Everyone has problems, Kate. It doesn't mean you have to be a bitch about it.\" The darkness in her eyes only lasted for a moment, and then her face lightened again. \"You have to find a different way to deal with it. Incense can be really calming. I could bring you some to school on Monday.\" Kate stared at her for a moment, then shook her head. \"I have to get back to work.\" The words came out as more of a defeated sigh, and she turned to face the door, as Beth gathered her things. \"Hey, have you ever tried meditating?\" Kate's fingers wrapped around the door handle, and she turned back to catch Beth's eye. \"My mom does yogalates,\" she offered lamely, and then let her eyes rest on the back of the bathroom door. She bit on her lip, pretending to study the bathroom cleaning chart as Beth let out a laugh. \"Not exactly the same, but I bet your mom's pretty hot,\" she murmured beneath her breath, and then moved closer to Kate. \"Anyway, some friends and I are getting together for meditation tomorrow night. It's at the community center downtown, have you been there yet?\" Kate blinked, and then shifted a little, turning to look back at Beth. \"No.\" She scratched her fingernails lightly against her own arm. \"Okay. Well if you ask around, you'll figure out how to get there. I'm not good with directions. I always get east and west mixed up.\" Beth narrowed her eyes carefully, shifting on her feet. \"It's at 7:30. You don't have to bring anything, but you should wear comfortable old clothes. What you wear to school should be fine.\" Kate couldn't keep the puzzled expression from her face, \"Wait, why are you asking me to go?\" \"You seem like you need it, and it's not like you've got a ton of things to do on a Saturday night anyway, right?\" She shrugged, \"Anyway, there aren't usually that many people there. If we can't find more people to come to the classes, they'll probably cancel them. Listen you can come if you want to. I'm not forcing you.\" There was a silence between them, and then Beth sighed. \"Okay. Well, I've got to get back to work,\" Kate repeated the words, but made no effort to move. She wasn't sure why, but she felt like she was stuck in place. She could feel Beth's eyes on the back of her head, and tried not to look back at her. \"So do you think you'll come tomorrow?\" She asked, and Kate reluctantly shifted to look at her. \"Um,\" Kate pressed her lips together, and hesitated for a moment. \"No, I probably won't.\" Beth watched her for a short moment, and then smirked. \"You know, one of these days I'm gonna stop trying to be so nice to you, Kate Spencer.\" Kate bit on her lip for a moment, and then ran her tongue over her lips. \"I don't want you to be my friend, Beth,\" she replied, her voice quiet. . It was better this way. Easier to end things before they even began. She would prefer not to form emotional attachments before her mom decided that it was time for them to start over again. \"Whoever said I wanted to be your friend?\" The brunette questioned, watching her for a moment. She moved past Kate, essentially pushing her out of the way as she made her way through the door. Kate watched her go, and barely even noticed the slight tightening feeling in her stomach. She'd been through this a million times before; Kate was used to watching people walk away from her. This strange girl who confused Washington with Wisconsin and didn't care how odd her lifestyle made her seem was no different. It was good practice for Kate, pushing her away before she could get close, and it almost didn't hurt anymore. Almost.[Chapter 5] I have nothing of any value to say here, EXCEPT that this chapter wouldn't be possible without the love and support of my beautiful lady! We'll be spending some much needed time together over the next few weeks, so updates will be scarce until possibly the beginning of August, but I may have a rush of inspiration before I leave to visit, however doubtful that may be. Anywho, thank you all for the reviews, and enjoy chapter 5! There was nothing in the world Beth loved more than nature. Nothing brought her more peace, relaxation, or happiness than being outdoors, caring for animals, or attempting to erase their carbon footprints from the earth. From an early age, she'd been involved in an environmentalist group that did exactly the things Beth loved to do, and at least once a month they met in local parks to plant trees, pick up trash, and other earth-related and therefore exhilarating activities for Beth. While the months of January and February weren't exactly littered with environmental holidays, their organization didn't necessarily feel the need to replenish the earth only on special occasions, and the group had gathered at one of Beth's favorite parks to plant tree saplings. Beth loved feeling the rich, silky soil slip through her fingers as she carefully dug holes and gingerly placed the saplings in them. Because it was February in the state of Washington, the ground was a little frozen, but Beth had experience in working with the soil until it softened. She refused to wear gloves when she worked outside; she loved getting dirt beneath her fingernails. After she lovingly brushed the dirt back into the hole and rearranged it over the burgeoning sapling, she smiled to herself. A rush of love and warmth rushed over her as she studied the tiny blossom. Seeing this, and knowing that she'd had a hand in replenishing the earth, made her heart ache with happiness and contentment. But there wasn't nearly enough time to stop and admire all the work that she and the rest of her crew were doing. They had set a goal of planting one hundred saplings before sunset, and it was already after five. Moving quickly, she sprinkled water over the newly planted seeds and moved down the park path a few feet before spreading her gardening tools and beginning to sow the land. She had been cold at first, but it was an unseasonably warm day for winter (just a little over fifty degrees) and her nose and cheeks had adjusted to the cool temperature. She shrugged off the light jacket that she'd originally worn, and discarded it on the grass beside her as she continued to work. She worked quietly and in peace, only looking up if someone spoke her name, and never letting her attention move from the precious foliage in front of her. A moment later, however, she heard a soft jingling noise and glanced up, a smile pressing across her lips as she saw a small dog moving quickly toward her. Its tongue hung happily from its mouth, and its ears flopped as it ran through the grass. She let out a small laugh, and, almost as if she had called its name, the dog began to run in her direction. She watched it for a moment, and as she watched it quickly approaching, carefully covered her seeds with a cloth, and stayed kneeled on the ground, watching the small animal. Beth loved all animals, and had grown up wishing she could take them all in. She had spent the first few summers of high school volunteering at a no-kill animal shelter, and had wanted to bring all of the animals home. At one point in time, she'd been housing enough dogs in their apartment to get them slapped with an eviction warning. Shortly thereafter, she'd had to quit volunteering there, and had spent the majority of her time from then on working on saving the environment. But this dog that had found her certainly wasn't homeless. As soon as it reached Beth, it slid under her hands, rolling over on its back and exposing its pink belly to Beth. Beth giggled softly, and ran her fingers over the dog's silky fur. \"Hi, baby,\" she cooed to the animal, scratching the dog's belly and running her hands over the dog's silky ears. \"You're a pretty little girl, aren't you?\" She grinned, running her fingers over the dog's neck, and then her pink collar. \"Oh, you have a owner, don't you?\" She asked happily, hoping that the little tag would have some clue as to who this dog belonged to, or where she lived. Turning the tag over in her hand, it simply read: Bella. (20 6) 555- 1221 . Smiling again, Beth scratched the dog's belly. \"Bella,\" she spoke the name sweetly, laughing, \"What a precious name.\" She laughed, and then glanced up and looked around the park for any possible owners of this dog. There were people around, but no one seemed to be looking for a dog. \"Where's your mommy at?\" She asked the dog, who tilted her head and looked at her with one ear that stood straight up. Beth laughed again, and tilted her head at the dog, still speaking in a high-pitched voice, \"I've never seen you here before, Bella. I come to this park all the time, but I've never seen you here. No I haven't,\" she scratched the dog's head, who twisted over onto her feet and began to lick Beth's face playfully. Beth squealed happily and fell backwards, landing on her butt and laughing as Bella playfully tackled her. \"You're a friendly little girl, huh?\" She asked, laughing as she struggled to move away from the dog's incessant kisses. Pulling herself to her feet, she bent to rub the dog's head again, and then stood, placing her hands on her hips and glancing around the park. \"Where is your-\" \"Bella?\" The voice was unsure as it came from over a hill, and Beth looked up, just in time to see a blonde girl emerging from over the hill. Her stomach tightened immediately as she realized it wasn't just a blonde girl. It was Kate. Beth furrowed her eyebrows, and looked down at Bella, who had taken a seat by Beth's feet, and wagged her tail contentedly as she looked up at Beth. \"Kate?\" She asked, more to herself and the dog than to anyone else, and then tilted her head at Bella. \"You belong to Kate?\" She sighed and then looked up again. Her eyes connected with Kate's almost immediately, and there was a noticeable tension in the other girl's posture as she recognized Beth. She paused for a moment, and then continued to make her way over to Beth. Beth placed her hands on her hips and waited for Kate to approach them. The blonde girl wore jeans and a sweater, a jacket, and a scarf wrapped around her neck. Beth couldn't help but smirk as she noticed that Kate was obviously dressed for much colder weather than today called for. Either that, or Kate was totally cold-blooded. Though, after the few conversations they'd had, Beth wasn't sure that would surprise her at all. The blonde sighed, obviously frustrated, when she got within earshot of Beth. \"Lose something?\" She wondered. Kate's eyes darkened as she narrowed them at Beth. \"She broke free because this leash is obviously a piece of crap,\" she sighed, glancing at Bella, who wagged her tail upon seeing Kate, but hadn't moved from beside Beth. \"Come on, Bella. Let's go.\" Beth reached down to scratch Bella's chin as Kate moved to hook her leash to her collar. Their hands touched for a moment and Kate jerked away instantly, dropping the leash. Beth caught her eyes, and smirked softly at her. She squatted and attached the leash to Bella's collar, scratching her on the head again before standing up. \"Thanks,\" Kate muttered softly. \"I didn't know you had a dog, Kate Spencer,\" she watched as Kate wrapped the leash around her hand, and then glanced up at her. \"She's new,\" she replied, her voice low. \"I just got her. Well, my mom got her for me.\" She shifted on her feet, seemingly unsure of how much information she wanted to offer to Beth. Beth watched her, and Kate finally glanced up at her. \"I guess she was trying to convince me that we're staying here for a while, or something,\" she tugged lightly on Bella's leash. \"I'll believe that when it happens, though.\" Beth studied the other girl's face as she looked at the dog. Something in Kate's eyes told her that she actually cared more for the dog than she was letting on. Almost as if on cue, the dog moved quickly towards Kate, jumping up on her legs. Kate laughed after a moment, and then scratched her head with her fingers. Something about that laugh, and the way the blonde girl's eyes narrowed with affection as she looked at the dog made Beth's heart ache. Whether she wanted to let on or not, Beth could instantly tell that Kate had fallen in love with the little brown puppy. \"She's adorable,\" Beth smiled down at the dog, \"Don't let her get lost on the way home.\" Beth's words were more of a playful tease than an actual demand, but Kate's eyes rose to Beth's, and she furrowed her eyebrows. The corners of her lips turned into a frown. \"She'll be fine,\" she assured the other girl, \"Come on, Bella. Let's go home.\" Bella circled around Kate before hurriedly moving over to Beth. She jumped on the brunette, and then sat herself right on top of Beth's foot. Beth laughed, but Kate didn't seem to be so amused by the whole situation. She tugged on the dog's leash, and although the little dog leaned into the force, she fought to stay close to Beth. \"Go on, Bella, go home,\" Beth urged her, moving her foot a little to encourage the dog to follow Kate. She smiled again, and then knelt back to the ground, uncovering the seeds she'd been in the midst of planting, and beginning to dig into the earth again. Bella stood close by, watching her carefully, and it took another moment before Kate finally moved closer to pick the little dog up. As Beth finished planting the sapling, she glanced back up, and then at her watch. \"Hey, Kate?\" She wondered. Kate, who had already made it a few steps away, slowly turned back to look at Beth. \"Yeah?\" She asked, the little dog tucked under her arm. Beth stood and wiped her hands before moving towards Kate. Bella's tail immediately began to wag as Beth neared them. \"Are you hungry?\" She wondered, keeping her eyes fixed on the other girl. Kate studied her for a moment, and then arched an eyebrow. The action seemed so sudden and unnoticed that Beth couldn't help but smirk. She couldn't help but notice how cute Kate looked, all breathless in the cold air. Her nose and cheeks were slightly pink, and in the cold, she could see the soft puffs of air that left her nose and mouth. \"Why?\" \"Because there's a picnic that's going to start in about\" she glanced at her watch again, \"Three minutes. It's for all the people who've been helping out in the park today. It's a vegetarian menu, but most of the people in the Cascade Land Conservatory\" she paused, glancing up at Kate, \"I mean, the group that's working in this park today, are like my parents' age.\" She was quiet for a moment, \"It would be nice to have someone my own age there.\" \"It's like forty degrees out here,\" Kate protested, her eyes narrowed in confusion. \"Fifty, to be exact. Anyway, you're already out in it, aren't you? Taking your dog for a walk?\" She blinked at Kate, \"And I think you have enough clothes on to survive in, like, Australia, and I-\" \"I think you mean Antarctica,\" Kate corrected her bitterly. Beth shrugged nonchalantly. \"I knew it was one of those countries. In case you haven't noticed, I have better things to do than spend all my time on school work.\" \"Oh, believe me, I've noticed,\" Kate returned, \"I've seen your test grades in school.\" Beth pursed her lips for a moment, and then curled her fingernails into her palms. \"The only way to learn about life is to experience it. And we can't experience life if there's no earth to experience it on.\" She grinned again, \"Which is why we're planting trees, and why you should come to the picnic.\" Kate was quiet for a moment, and then bit her lip. \"I have to gohome\" she spoke after a moment. \"Right.\" Beth slipped her tools into a bag and then shoved it onto her shoulder. \"Okay. You know, I'm really not surprised you don't have any friends, Kate.\" She sighed, and then glanced at her, \"At first, I thought you were just cute and shy, and I felt bad for you, because you seemed like you were nice enough, but you know what?\" Beth glared at her for a moment, \"You're not shy, you're just a snob. Have fun making it through the year being such an anti-social bitch.\" Beth turned away from her, and began over the hill toward where the picnic was set to take place. Anger boiled inside of her, but she couldn't keep her mind off Kate. She was finished with her. No more casual conversation, no more friendliness. Obviously, Kate didn't want to make friends. She probably liked picking up and leaving one place a few months after they arrived; it probably kept her from being forced to socialize with others. Well, she could remain anti-social, for all Beth cared. It wasn't up to her to watch over Kate, and she certainly had no obligation to try to befriend her. As she made her way over the hill and spotted the various picnic tables and blankets that the group had set out on a grassy knoll near the pond, she grinned and waved to the people who greeted her. Taking a plate, she helped herself to some fresh fruit, vegetables, and pasta before taking a seat on a blanket under a tree. She ate quietly for a moment, speaking to others as they passed her to get their food, and a few people took seats near her to eat. Beth had nearly forgotten about her. Her mind had already moved to other things, but then, almost as if on cue, Kate reappeared over the hill, squinting against the sun. Beth blinked up at her, but then averted her gaze as Kate made her way over to her. Bella rushed in front of her, wagging her long tail, and she reached Beth before Kate did. As the dog struggled to scramble onto Beth's blanket, Beth looked up to see Kate restraining her. She watched her quietly, not bothering to speak, but undoubtedly intrigued by the other girl's unexpected presence. \"I guess it's not that cold out,\" Kate spoke after a moment, shrugging softly. It was all the explanation she was willing to offer. Beth glanced up at her, before pulling her plate closer to her, and tucking her legs beneath her, signaling to the other girl to take a seat. Quickly, the brunette forgot about the vow she'd made just moments ago. Kate certainly had a way with her. If she had suddenly decided to try, then Beth would try as well. Bella bounded onto the blanket, and Kate silently sat down. Beth couldn't help but laugh as the dog licked her face and tried its best to fully seat itself in her lap. She stroked its head as she glanced at Kate. \"There's still food over there, if you're hungry. It's really good.\" Kate glanced over the food table, before looking back to Beth and Bella. \"I'll watch her,\" Beth offered, scratching the dog's head. She watched as Kate climbed up and made her way over to the table, returning a moment later with a plate of food. She eyed the other girl's plate as she sat, and Bella laid down at their feet. \"That's all you got?\" Beth asked, a little incredulously, at the sight of a few apple slices, carrots, and celery sticks. They have tofu burgers and soy hot dogs up there, didn't you see them?\" Kate glanced down at her plate, and then back up at the brunette. \"Oh, um, I'm not really that hungry.\" Her voice was quiet as she looked at the other girl apprehensively. Beth watched her for a moment, then narrowed her eyes somewhat teasingly. \"You don't have to lie, Kate\" \"No, I'm not!\" The blonde stammered quickly, shaking her head in defense, \"I just ate, like, a sandwich before I left home.\" Beth gave the other girl a crooked grin before shaking her head. \"No. I can tell you're lying.\" She raised her eyebrows at the other girl, \"You think they look pretty gross, huh?\" Kate watched the other girl for a moment, before laughing very quietly. \"Maybe just a little bit... No offense, or anything, though.\" \"None taken,\" Beth shook her head, lowering her voice as she spoke, \"To tell you the truth, those things are pretty damn nasty.\" Kate laughed again before biting into a carrot, and then shaking her head. \"No, but I thought you wanted to order a tofu burger at my restaurant the other night?\" Beth bit on her lip before shrugging slightly. \"Yeah, I mostly did that to be a bitch,\" she replied, grinning. Kate laughed again, and then the air between them became quiet. Beth wasn't sure what was different now, but Kate certainly didn't seem like the same girl. They had gone an entire two minutes without fighting, and she'd heard (and made) the other girl laugh. She still wasn't quite sure why Kate was here; she'd returned with no real explanation, and didn't seem upset about what Beth had said to her before she'd left. But Beth was thankful for the company, and didn't feel the need to question her motives. They sat in a strangely comfortable silence for a few minutes, and then Beth glanced over at her. Kate offered her a small smile before tucking her legs under her on the blanket. \"So how do you like it here so far?\" She wondered, catching the other girl's eyes just for a moment before glancing away. Kate glanced around, and nodded slightly. \"It's nice,\" she replied quietly, \"but every place we move is nice at first.\" Beth nodded, wanting to take the conversation slow. It wasn't that she suddenly forgave Kate for all the bitchy things she'd said to her up to this point, but she liked this feeling of peace that had fallen between them. Beth was all about peace. She craved more of it in her life. \"So you move around a lot?\" Beth focused on a tree across the park. \"Yeah,\" Kate sighed softly, \"You could definitely say that.\" \"Where's your favorite place that you've ever lived?\" Beth asked after a moment, turning her head to look at Kate. The blonde girl look confused for a moment, as if she'd never been asked the question. As if she'd never even really thought about it. \"Um,\" she thought about it for a moment before replying, \"I actually really liked Colorado. We lived there for about a year when I was in junior high. It was kinda like the perfect mix of city and country, you know?\" She glanced up at Beth, \"They had the prettiest lakes out there, and I would go swimming all the time.\" Beth smiled as she spoke. For the first time since she'd met Kate, she saw a happiness in her eyes that she had previously not noticed. Or maybe it had simply never been there. \"That sounds amazing,\" Beth nodded, and meant it. To her, nature was the most beautiful thing in the world. Imagining a world full of crystal clear lakes and trees that brushed the clouds made Beth's heart ache with happiness. It sounded perfect. \"So, do you think you'll move back there when you graduate?\" Kate immediately shook her head. \"No. I'm tired of moving. I'll probably stay around here, or maybe live in a dorm at some college. Either way, once I get there, I'm staying there.\" \"Where do you want to go to college?\" Kate glanced over at Beth, and narrowed her eyes slightly. \"What is this, some kind of interview?\" She laughed softly. Beth pressed her lips together, then smirked. \"No, Kate, this is just what people do. They talk about different things they like, don't like, stuff like that.\" It was on the tip of her tongue to ask the other girl if she'd never had a friendly conversation, but she had a feeling she already knew the answer to that question. \"Oh,\" Kate grinned gently after a moment, and then crossed her legs on the blanket. \"So, then, what about you? Have you always lived here?\" \"Born and raised,\" Beth nodded. \"I think it would be fun to live somewhere else. It would be like a new adventure.\" \"Well, you can have some of my adventures,\" Kate smiled softly. Then there was more silence between them. Beth watched her as they sat in the quiet, and admired the way the sunlight reflected off her blonde hair. She curled her hands into her lap, and caught the blonde's eyes as she turned to look at her. \"So do you have a boyfriend?\" Kate asked curiously, her voice quiet. Beth smiled softly, then shook her head. \"Um, no. I have better things to do with my time than spend it with some guy.\" That was a delicate way of putting it. Beth had had her share of experience with boys, and only in the last year had she truly begun to come to terms with herself, and who she was. But, there was no point in explaining all that to Kate right now. Or possibly ever. Kate nodded, \"I wish someone would tell my mom that.\" Beth tilted her head as she looked at the other girl. \"Oh yeah? Your mom's got men issues?\" Kate's gaze fixed on the blanket, and she absentmindedly stroked Bella's back. \"You could definitely say that.\" \"With your dad, or?\" Her voice faded, and she kept her eyes fixed on Kate's face, which had suddenly become crestfallen, and all too reminiscent of the sadness Beth had seen on her face for the past few weeks. Kate shook her head, raising her eyes to Beth's. \"No,\" she replied quietly, as the wind ruffled their hair. \"I never really knew my dad. Which is fine\" she shrugged, and Beth could tell that the idea of having a father was foreign to her. She knew all about absent male figures; her father had been gone for most of her life, as well. Her uncle had tried to fill the role of the protector in her life. Yeah, some protector. The hair on her skin rose as she thought about that man, what he had done to her, and her stomach churned. She curled her fingers into her palm, suddenly feeling nauseous and panicked. She bit on the inside of her lip, commanding herself to sit still. Everything was fine. He wasn't here; he hadn't been around her in years. Hadn't touched her in years. But, God, she could still feel his grubby hands upon her skin, grasping her, holding her down. Her mind cried out, and she shifted uncomfortably on the blanket. Her mouth felt dry suddenly, and she bit on her lower lip hard enough to draw blood before pulling it into her mouth. She tried to bring herself back to the moment as she realized Kate was still talking. \" but she's always been like that. She finds a guy, thinks he's going to be her white knight and sweep her off her feet, and he just ends up knocking her on her ass.\" Kate shook her head, and Beth nodded tightly as she watched the other girl. \"So she's still looking for Mr. Right, huh?\" Beth wondered, reaching for her backpack. She tried to keep the conversation flowing as she searched for what she wanted. Her hand fell upon the thermos in her bag and she pulled it out, unscrewing the lid of the container as she watched Kate. \"Yeah still looking,\" she rolled her eyes, \"And apparently on a cross-country journey in search of him.\" She quieted as she watched Beth pour the liquid into a tiny cup, and furrowed her eyebrows as the brunette's shaky hand lifted the cup to her lips. Beth took a sip, feeling the familiar racing in her heart as the liquid slid down her throat. She finished the tiny cup of the beverage, and then made eye contact with Kate again. \"Coffee fix?\" Kate asked, seemingly amused by the other girl's sudden craving. Beth smiled, her dimples pressing into her cheeks. \"No,\" she shook her head, \"I don't drink coffee. I'm a vegan. It's actually herbal tea. Passion flower.\" Passion flower was, in all honesty, her anti-anxiety medication. She tried to avoid medication as often as possible, but Beth had been plagued with panic attacks and high anxiety for the past eight years. When she was thirteen, she'd discovered passion flower, an herb that naturally assisted with decreasing anxiety and panicky feelings. She'd been drinking it regularly ever since. \"Oh,\" Kate nodded, glancing at the thermos, \"I assumed you were just a vegetarian. That's cool.\" Beth grinned, then took another sip of her tea. \"Nope. Vegan all the way.\" Kate smiled softly at her, and then pulled her legs beneath her. \"I like your bag,\" Kate told her somewhat randomly, and Beth glanced down at it, before looking back up at the blonde. \"Thanks,\" she smiled, relaxing a little as she felt the herb beginning to take its effect. \"It's made of hemp. I got it at a store across town, they sell all natural stuff there,\" she shifted it a little to show it off to Kate. \"Maybe we could go there sometime.\" She wasn't sure why the offer had slipped from her lips, but she glanced up at Kate as she spoke. Kate glanced up at her, and then nodded. \"Yeah. Okay,\" she smiled gently at the other girl, \"I think I'd like that.\" A warm rush of sudden affection filled Beth's stomach, and she nodded again. \"Okay.\" The quiet settled between them, and Bella stirred on the blanket before shaking her head, the tags on her collar jingling. \"I should probably be getting home,\" Kate observed, as she looked around them, \"It's getting dark, and I walked here.\" \"Okay,\" Beth nodded. She watched as Kate stood, brushing her pants, and wrapped Bella's leash around one hand, using her other hand to hold her empty plate. \"I'm glad you came,\" Beth told her, leaning back and using one arm to support her. Kate grinned, \"Me too.\" \"Hey, Kate?\" Beth called, as the other girl began to walk away. Kate turned to glance at her. \"If I go to that store this weekend, maybe I'll call you\" \"Cool,\" Kate nodded, grinning. She began to walk away, before the other girl called out to her again. \"You know, it would probably help if I had your phone number.\" Beth was grinning when she glanced at her again. \"Oh, right,\" Kate's cheeks flushed a little. She told the other girl the number, which Beth promptly entered into her phone's contacts. \"Okay. I'll call you,\" Beth nodded. Kate grinned, and then Beth watched as she walked away. The brunette rested back against the blanket after Kate was gone, and crossed her arms behind her head. She blinked up at the sky, watching the trees rustle in the wind. She blinked as the sun began to sink lower, leaving the sky an ashy gray color that mixed with the orange glow of the sunset. Her eyes closed and her mind began to float. Her body had grown significantly more relaxed as a result of the herbal tea, and she felt tranquil and at peace. It felt like she spent the majority of her life in this daze that separated her from the waking thoughts that slowly ate away at her. The tea made her sleepy, but more importantly, it made her calm. It made her able to deal with the memories that plagued her constantly. One day things would be different, she was sure of that. But right now, she was relaxed, and the only thing in her head was Kate. Kate's pretty blonde hair, her pink cheeks, her bright blue eyes. They filled Beth's mind with a warm, sweet feeling, and she wished she could see her again. She decided she would call her. Tomorrow, maybe even tonight. Things had changed between them quickly, and Beth wasn't sure what had inspired the difference, but she welcomed it. Kate needed a friend, and whether Beth realized it or not, what she now longed for above everything else was to be that person; that source of absolute comfort for the other girl. She could save her from her interminable life of loneliness. And maybe, in the back of her mind, Beth hoped that Kate could do the same for her.[Chapter 6] So... I said I'd update this story in August in my last post... I just didn't realize it would be August of this year :) Anyway, enjoy! Sleepy-eyed and sporting a massive case of bed head, Kate yawned as she began down the kitchen stairs. It was Saturday, which was both a curse and a blessing in the Spencer household. No school today, which inevitably meant that Kate would spend the afternoon studying, reading, or listening to music while holed up in her room. Nothing ever changed in that department. As she began down the stairs, she tugged at the bottom of the long shirt she'd slept in. Goosebumps covered the flesh on her legs, and she momentarily contemplated going back to her room to pull on a pair of pants, but then decided against it. It was nothing her mother hadn't seen before, and the house was a toasty 70 degrees. She yawned as she took another step, and thought momentarily about the reason she was so tired this morning. It could have had something to do with the fact that she had been on the phone with Beth until 10:30 last night, but that was ridiculous. She'd had plenty of time to sleep after that. More likely, it was due to the fact that she'd stayed up until early this morning thinking about that conversation, and replaying it in her head. For some reason, she couldn't figure out why it had left such a deep impression on her. It wasn't until she actually got into the kitchen that she realized her mother wasn't alone. Dressed in a short skirt and tight t-shirt, she was on her tip-toes, pressing her body against the body of another person; a taller, more muscular person. A man she had never seen before, she was sure. Kate's eyes connected with his before her mother even turned around. At the flash of recognition in her lover's eyes, Laurie turned quickly, grinning and giggling. \"Kate, this is Jake. Jake, this is my daughter Kate. Isn't she pretty?\" Kate's lips parted in surprise as she suddenly reacted to the presence of the man standing in her kitchen. The first thought was that the man in question looked surprisingly familiar, and the next was that she was suddenly reminded that she was only wearing a t-shirt and panties. \"Jesus, Mom!\" Kate cried accusingly, pulling her shirt down and bolting from the room. She raced up the stairs, slamming her bedroom door behind her. Suddenly blinded by anger and embarrassment, she ripped off her t-shirt and quickly pulled on a pair of jeans. Annoyance flushed pink in her cheeks as she tugged on a bra and t-shirt and ran a brush through her hair. There was no time to put on make-up. She was getting the hell out of here. She wasn't sure where she was going, but that didn't seem to matter right now. All she cared about was escaping. As she reached for deodorant and perfume, she heard a soft knock on her bedroom door. Ignoring it, she went about her business, grabbing for her purse. Maybe she would see if she could go into work today. Surely they could use some extra hands on a Saturday night. Anywhere to get the hell away from this place. This place was supposed to be her retreat from the world; instead, it served as a prison. \"Kate,\" the soft voice pleaded as the door opened. Kate's head turned quickly to look at the intruder with narrowed eyes. It was only Laurie, slinking against the doorframe with a look of apologetic guilt on her face. \"Where are you going?\" \"Out,\" Kate snapped, her voice harsh. Laurie heaved a heavy sigh and reached for her daughter, but Kate shrugged away. \"Come on, Kate. He didn't see anything. You don't have to be mad.\" Kate ignored her, her skin flushed as she slipped into her shoes. \"Mom, you don't even know why I'm mad. Don't stand there pleading with me to meet your newest flavor of the week. It's disgusting.\" Hurt flashed across Laurie's face, but she quickly replaced it with another expression. \"I should have warned you,\" she nodded guiltily, \"but you were sleeping, and I didn't want to wake you up last night, so I just figured you would-\" \"Figured I'd what?\" Kate demanded, her voice nearly cracking, \"Wake up this morning and wander downstairs in my underwear? That's gross, Mom, and totally embarrassing and you know it!\" \"He didn't see anything,\" Laurie reassured her quietly, \"And he's a nice guy. Isn't he cute? Please come down and meet him. I'll make sure he pretends that never happened.\" Kate rolled her eyes, slinging her purse onto her shoulder. \"That's not even the main point. I'm so sick of coming downstairs to another stranger and having no idea what to expect. I thought you said you would try to change this. It's not right, Mom. It's not fair to me or you.\" \"I know,\" Laurie replied glumly, and for a moment, Kate thought she had gotten through to her. Her face looked tired, it looked as if she'd learned her lesson, and then: \"But he's different, Kate. He's so sweet. God, I met him yesterday at the grocery store. He was bagging my groceries, can you believe that? And then he came home and helped me put them away.\" She grinned like a child on Christmas morning. Kate shook her head at the elder Spencer, and met her eyes. \"Yeah, I can believe that, Mom. You know why?\" Laurie's questioning gaze met hers and she shook her head slightly. \"Because Jake is in my English class at school. He's a senior in high school, Mom. Congratulations; you really got your younger man this time.\" Kate pushed by her mother in the doorway and raced down the stairs, past a blankly staring young man in the kitchen. \"Hey Kate,\" he called as she passed by, \"Can I ask a question about that paper we were supposed to turn in on Monday?\" Kate scoffed disgustedly and ignored him, pushing out the front door and slamming it behind her. Her house was a freak show, she quickly decided as she drew her purse tighter and began down the street. She didn't want her car. Anything that reminded her of her mother right now, she had no use for. Anyway, a long walk might do the trick enough to calm her down and keep her from running into traffic. Kate felt like crying, but knew there was no use. It had never helped anything before, and it only left her with a headache and a splotchy red face. She wasn't sure how her life had gotten to this point. Surely worse things had happened to young women before. She had heard of plenty of girls who had gotten abused, raped, beaten, and she felt sorry for them. She didn't think her life was horrible, but she hated it. She hated knowing that at any given time, her mother was treated like a piece of meat by the many different men in her life. She hated knowing that her room, her life was right there for any of those men -if you could call them that- to disrupt. She didn't know any of them and, whether her mother wanted to admit it or not, neither did Laurie. It was all a game of chance. Who will steal that? Who will hit her? Who might decide the idea of a mother-daughter threesome is too good to pass up? It made Kate feel sick and afraid, and she decided that she wouldn't have children if this was how she would make them feel. Lost in her world of misfortune, she didn't notice the car that pulled up alongside her in the street, and the event very well may have gone unnoticed but for the clear voice that called out for her through the open window. \"Kate,\" it spoke, and it took the blonde a moment to realize where the voice had come from before she allowed her attention to focus on the driver. \"Hey whatcha doin?\" Kate blinked at Beth, and then sighed. \"My mom\" she spoke softly, \"I can't go home. Not right now, anyway.\" Beth watched her for only a moment before leaning over the passenger seat and pushing the door open for her. \"Come on. I'm going out. I'll take you with me.\" She smiled gently at her. Kate hesitated for a moment, \"I think I'm okay. I just need some fresh air.\" Beth quietly turned the heat off in the car and the windows slid down. \"Fresh enough?\" She asked, motioning the blonde forward with a quick wave. \"Come on, you'll like this.\" It was cold, and only then did she realize that she'd left the house in nothing but a t-shirt. Up until now, her anger and embarrassment had been keeping her warm. A chill swept through her body and she finally slid into the passenger seat, pulling the door shut. Beth locked the doors and eased her foot onto the gas pedal. They were silent for a moment, until Kate spoke. \"Where are we going?\" \"I have an appointment,\" Beth replied, \"You can come. I think it will help you.\" \"What kind of appointment?\" Her voice was hesitant. She didn't feel right about imposing on something important. Beth was quiet for a moment, and then looked at Kate. \"I've been seeing a therapist once a week since I was about fifteen. I met her right after she finished grad school,\" she offered without pause, \"A lot of you know, family issues. Anyway, she's really great. Her name is Alex. You'll like her.\" \"Oh,\" Kate replied, a little too quickly. Her silence came shortly after, and Beth glanced at her. \"I'm not crazy, you know. You don't have to be clinically insane to like talking to someone.\" \"I didn't-I mean, I wouldn't. I don't think you are. I'm just- I mean, I don't want to intrude on that-\" \"Chill, Kate,\" Beth laughed gently, \"It's okay. I'm not going to start pouring my soul out to her right in front of you. I'll go in with her for a few minutes, and then bring you in. It'll be fine.\" Kate sat with her hands folded in her lap the rest of the way. Beth attempted to start several light-hearted conversations, but Kate couldn't concentrate long enough to follow through with any of them. \"So, anything exciting happen after we got off the phone last night?\" Beth wondered, glancing at her blonde passenger. The conversation last night had been nothing too serious, but Kate knew that she had seemed different then. She had been happier, maybe even silly. \"No,\" Kate lied. It was true, aside from the fact that Kate had spent the next four hours lying in bed and replaying the conversation in her head. How it had begun, how quickly their chatter about school had turned into something else; it had eventually begun to feel like a real conversation between friends. Kate had gotten off the phone last night feeling better about herself and their relationship. She had felt so much closer to the brunette, and now she felt as if she needed to put her guards up again. \"What happened this morning?\" Beth asked in her smoky voice. \"Did you and your mom get into a fight?\" Kate nodded slowly, her gaze on the passing buildings outside. \"You could say that.\" It was a moment before Beth responded, and not until she turned a corner and slowed the car to a stop. \"We're here.\" She smiled gently at Kate and unlocked the doors. Unbuckling her seatbelt, Kate climbed out and took a moment to appraise the building. It was nice; a one-floor brick building with stone pillars on either side of the front door. Bridge Over Troubled Water was printed on the glass door that led to the lobby, and Kate hesitated outside the door before Beth pushed it open, and smiled at Kate, encouraging her to follow. Kate stood in the lobby while Beth greeted a receptionist as Charlotte and informed her that she had an appointment with Alex. A moment later, Beth took a seat on a small loveseat in the waiting room and Kate joined her. They sat in a somewhat uncomfortable silence for several minutes until the door opened and a pretty brunette popped her head out. She greeted Beth with a huge smile that showed off a set of dimples and then smiled at Kate as well. Beth stood and turned to Kate. \"I'll be right back for you, okay? Don't run away.\" She smiled. \"And relax. You're okay.\" Kate tried to relax as she watched Beth disappear. She tried to relax as she watched the clock tick away the minutes on the wall. She tried to relax as she flipped aimlessly through a magazine and wondered why the hell she had agreed to come here in the first place. Just as she had begun to contemplate whether or not she was willing to make the walk home, the door to the office swung open once again, and Alex's head reappeared. \"Hi,\" she greeted Kate, who stood upon being sighted. Her hand reached out for Kate's, who shook it obediently, \"I'm Alex. Kate?\" Kate nodded, and followed the woman through a hallway and past a set of doors. They turned an abrupt corner and found themselves in a small room. Beth was perched on one of the chairs next to a lamp that provided dim light. The chairs were oversized and stuffed with pillows that matched the dcor on the walls. It was definitely cozy. The walls were painted a soft taupe color, and Kate vaguely recalled an article she'd read about pink rooms being the most soothing color. She briefly wondered if that would help the patients who were seen in here and then quickly decided that pink probably wasn't what most people wanted to see when they were crying their hearts out. A box of tissues sat on the table next to the lamp beside Beth, and Kate noticed that Beth had taken one and was now twirling it in her fingers, no doubt reducing it to shreds. Kate took a seat beside Beth and Alex shut the door, sitting across from them. \"Hi, Kate,\" the woman greeted her. She was no more than twenty-six years old, Kate would guess. Her long brown hair hung over her shoulders, and her face broke into an easy smile. Kate was somewhat taken aback by her attractiveness. Positive energy radiated from the older woman, and Kate immediately liked her. \"Hi,\" Kate responded, already warming to the therapist. \"Beth's told me a lot about you,\" she smiled again, \"You're new to the area, right?\" \"Fairly new, yes,\" Kate nodded, wondering exactly how much Beth had told her. \"Well, welcome,\" Alex replied, \"I hope you like it here.\" \"So far, yeah,\" Kate returned her smile, and then glanced at Beth. \"So,\" Alex began without skipping a beat, \"Beth tells me you've never been to therapy before.\" Kate shook her head slightly. \"No, I- I mean, I don't really think I need to. I mean, I know it's not just for crazy people, but I don't-\" she let her words fade, \"I don't know what to say.\" Alex smiled warmly again. \"Well, let me tell you a little about what we do here. You talk, we listen and sometimes offer advice. You don't need to be going through anything life-changing in order to benefit from therapy. It's a safe place; a place to escape from whatever is bothering you in your life. A place where all of your secrets are safe, and you can work on developing yourself into a healthy, happy adult.\" She paused for a moment, \"Does that sound like something you would be interested in?\" Even if Kate had wanted to dispute the fact, she couldn't. It was perfect. Exactly what she needed, especially now. \"Actually, yeah\" Kate responded, \"I mean there are times I don't feel safe at home.\" The words slipped out without Kate realizing what she had been saying, and now she blushed furiously. \"I mean, I don't- I'm not in danger or anything, but you know.\" Both Beth and Alex's faces took on a concerned look, though Beth looked as if she were ready to pounce into action. Alex looked thoughtful and sympathetic, and Kate liked that. \"Well, I can tell you that if you decide to see one of our therapists, they will be able to help you with that. I really think this is something you could benefit from, but it's up to you.\" Kate reveled in those last four words: it's up to you . How often had she heard those words? Rarely, if never. Nothing had been up to her. Not moving, not housemates, nothing. They spent the next quarter hour discussing school problems as a group, nothing too personal for either Beth or Kate. It was nice, Kate had to admit that, and before they left, Alex had given Kate a number to call when she decided whether or not counseling was for her. By the time they were on their way home, Kate felt better. She had put her mother and Jake out of her mind. All that existed right now was Kate and what she wanted. \"So was it torture?\" Beth asked as they coasted down the street. Kate turned, grinning at her. \"Barely. Alex is really nice, Beth. You're lucky.\" Beth paused for a moment, glancing at Kate. \"Yeah, I guess so.\" It was silent the rest of the way, and Beth finally pulled to a stop in front of Kate's house. Kate paused, hesitated to get out of the car. \"You wanna come up? We can sit on the porch or something. I'm not really too eager to go inside just yet.\" Beth smiled gently at her and nodded, putting the car in park before turning it off. She followed Kate up the porch stairs, and then onto a small seat for two just outside the front door. \"Thank you,\" Kate said after a moment, \"for taking me with you. It was nice. I'm sorry that I- I mean, I'm sorry for being so awkward.\" Beth watched her for a moment, soft dimples pressing into her cheeks as she studied the blonde. \"You're welcome. And don't apologize for your awkwardness. Honestly, I think it's really cute.\" Kate flushed at her words, and then nodded. She leaned back against the seat, and Beth followed suit a moment later. It was silent between them for several minutes, and then Beth spoke. \"I really enjoyed talking to you last night on the phone, Kate. It was nice. I haven't had a- I mean, it's been a long time since I've felt like I could talk to someone.\" In that moment, her voice sounded like a lost child's; lonely, hopeful, and mostly sad. Kate looked to the other girl. \"You have Alex,\" she offered quietly. Beth nodded after a moment. \"I do, but it's not the same, I guess. I mean, she's there during business hours and I get to see her once a week and that's great, but it's not the same as having a friend.\" The word struck Kate hard. Friend. She hadn't had a real friend since middle school. And even then, they had stopped talking after a couple moves, so how real was that friendship? Kate's breath caught in her throat as she looked at Beth. \"That's right, Spencer. I said friend .\" Her voice was teasing now, and Kate couldn't help but smile. Their eyes caught each other for a moment, and Beth grinned. \"You're not as annoying as I originally thought. In fact, you're kinda sweet.\" Kate teased back, \"And you're not as much of a bitch as I originally thought. You actually have a heart. And a pretty good one at that.\" Beth feigned horror. \"Hey, don't let that get out.\" She chuckled lowly, \"I actually kind of miss you when you're not around. Don't let it go to your head, though.\" Kate watched her quietly, and nodded. \"I miss you, too.\" They were both aware of the sudden change in the atmosphere, and for a reason Kate couldn't quite comprehend, her stomach felt jumbled. She felt like she wanted and needed to say something, but couldn't quite make it out. It felt so nice, sitting like this with Beth. She couldn't remember the last time she had wanted so badly to spend time with anyone else, and a stirring emotion inside of her didn't want Beth to leave. It had been silent for a few minutes and Kate felt she needed to say something. As she opened her mouth to speak, however, the front door opened and their attention was drawn to it. It was, of course, Jake followed by Laurie. Laurie was wearing a frown, and Kate assumed this meant that their tryst was over. Jake met Kate's eyes first, and then Beth's. Beth sucked in her breath and looked at Kate before the young man bounded down the stairs and to his car. Laurie disappeared back inside for a moment, and Beth spoke. \"Is that your mom's new boyfriend?\" She asked, her voice tinted with disgust and horror. \"Please tell me no.\" \"No,\" Kate responded after a moment, \"I wouldn't say boyfriend so much as overnight companion.\" Beth's face remained frozen in an unaffected state of disgust as she watched him drive away. \"Kate, I dated him in ninth grade.\" Kate stared in disbelief at the brunette for a moment. There were no words. She could think of nothing else to say. Finally, instead of speaking, she felt laughter building inside of her and released it. Beth watched her for a moment until she laughed as well, and then they were both hysterical. Tears formed in Kate's eyes and slipped down her cheeks, and Beth was gasping for air. It wasn't until Laurie reappeared on the porch that their laughter subsided, and even then it still broke out in small giggles. \"Hi!\" Laurie introduced herself to Beth, \"I'm Laurie, Kate's mom.\" Kate forced a look of indifference onto her face, and glanced at Beth. \"Hey,\" Beth managed to smile at her, \"I'm Beth. It's nice to meet you.\" \"You, too,\" Laurie smiled genuinely at Beth. \"Listen, Beth, I'm afraid I have some apologizing to do to my daughter do you mind?\" Beth smiled and shook her head. Her dark curls framed her face and Kate's breath was momentarily taken away by her friend's beauty. When Beth's eyes met Kate's, they were full of affection. \"Sure. I'll see you around, okay, Kate? I'll call you tonight.\" Kate grinned, nodding. \"Okay, I'll be waiting.\" Beth winked at her before disappearing down the steps and climbing into her car. There was a moment of silence between mother and daughter before Laurie spoke. \"I'm sorry\" she began, her voice low and guilty. Kate nodded and made noises of confirmation when it was appropriate, but her mind was still on Beth and that moment of silence between them on the porch. Somewhere in the middle of the one-sided conversation with her mother, reality struck Kate. The feelings she'd been experiencing with Beth- she suddenly realized what they were, and knew that they weren't feelings of ordinary friendship. Though she wasn't sure why or how it had happened, she realized it had been true from the moment she had met her, despite their personality differences. There was so much to think about, so much to figure out and consider. Right now, however, the only thing swirling in her mind was the one thought that she had been so oblivious to all along: Kate Spencer had a crush on Beth Davis. ","Summary":" This is the beginning of a new full-length story I'm trying to write! I'm not sure how it will turn"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Which way to London Please?","Author":"MiaMeadows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9711822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the characters in this story they belong to, my love, William Shakespeare. Viola was walking along a beach. She was wet. Her dress weighed a hundred pounds. Her hair was stuck to her face. She had lost her shoes. Sufficient to say; she looked ghastly. Viola could not say that she was upset about the Shipwreck. Sure, she was sorry for all those who had perished, but seeing as one of the unlucky passengers to sink to the depths of the ocean was her disgusting husband she couldn't help but smile a little. In fact, she dealt with her new found widowhood quite well. She even did a little dance, as she walked, thinking of how wonderful it was to be free and alone on this desert island. It took her an hour, or so, to realise two things. One: she had no food, no water, no shelter and no way to get dry and warm. Two: She had no idea where she was or how to get back to London to her beloved playwright who may have heard of the shipwreck and be mourning her death this very minute. Or even killing himself, as his Romeo did, at word of his love's death. These were two substantial worries to suddenly weigh on her mind. It was not as though she hadn't considered the impossibility of returning to England or of surviving for very long by herself in this strange place, but the euphoria she felt at the death of Lord Wessex had clouded her mind to anything else. Or at least, it did, until she heard the far off cry of some terrible wild beast and felt a cold shiver as the night drew in around her. So she focussed all her thoughts on finding somewhere to sleep out of the wind. She was slightly successful, she found a part-cave-part-alcove of rock which didn't do a fantastic job of keeping the cold out but it was full of a host of splendid things. It seemed that some old sailors had once lived in this same little nook and they had either died or left in a hurry because they had left all their things behind. There was a canvas bag full of old, tattered clothes, a long-dead camp fire, several empty crates and a fishing net. Viola took off her soaking wet dress and hung it over the branch of a nearby tree which had long since deceased. Then she hung the fishing net over the entrance to her cave in a vain attempt to keep out any wild beasts. Then she put on the sailor's outfit that was the least torn, put her hair up in a bun to avoid its dampness making her neck cold and curled up under the canvas bag and the rest of the clothes. She nearly froze that night. Her poor little feet were like ice when she woke up at around one in the morning and she was shivering from head to toe. Her hair wasn't even dry so she tried wrapping it up under a sailor's hat and she buried her feet in the sand. The next time she woke up it was daylight and she felt like death. She wasn't even sure that she could get up and fetch her dress. In fact, Viola was fairly sure that the only thing she could possibly do was to go back to sleep. Unfortunately she couldn't because somebody poked his head into the cave and said, \"Hello! What have we got here?\" And Viola tried her level best to look at this intruder and tell him to leave her alone because she wanted to sleep but she couldn't seem to work out where his voice was coming from. And then all of a sudden she was flying, flying through the air, and she was so sure she was going to be sick. Then she realised that she must be dead. Everything went very quiet and very dark. Viola awoke suddenly as whoever had been carrying her lay her on something soft and covered her in something warm. She felt so safe and small that she could have curled up into a little ball and fallen asleep forever. But luckily she didn't do that. Instead she opened her eyes and looked about her. She was in a small room on a small bed. The curtains were open and daylight was shining through an open window. A man came bustling in carrying a bowl. \"Oh, you're awake are you?\" he said, placing the bowl by Viola's head and taking from it a cloth soaked in warm water to place on her forehead. \"I thank you, kind sir, but please, can you tell me where I am?\" \"Why, in Illyria, and goodness me if you aren't a woman!\" Viola was confused on two parts, firstly she had never heard of the Illyria and secondly she couldn't fathom why this old man would think her a man. \"What do you mean by that sir?\" \"Well, when my boys carried in a young man in sailor's attire and a sailor's hat.\" Viola laughed, she really had to get this cross-dressing habit of hers under control. \"Can you tell me, which way to London please?\" \"London! Goodness me, you won't get to London from here except by boat and the Duke and Lady Olivia own the only two boats big enough to travel that far and I doubt either will be willing to lend you one.\" Viola sat up, something she really shouldn't have done as her head seemed to weigh a lot more than usual. \"But, sir, I must get to London, the love of my life is waiting there for me, he will surely think I have perished in the shipwreck.\" \"A shipwreck and true love? That's a nasty business miss.\" \"How can I gain the favour of this Duke or this lady?\" \"The lady will see naught strangers, mam, and the Duke is a peculiarly melancholy soul.\" \"Is there any way I could get a job with him?\" \"Not as a woman I'm afraid dear.\" \"Well,\" said Viola, \"luckily I'm well versed in both genders.\"[Chapter 2] When she arrived at the Duke's court he was less than interested in her invented credentials and hired her almost the instant he saw her. She was employed as a page and found herself in the company of the lovelorn Duke almost constantly. He spent most of his time complaining, moping and sighing. \"My heart is heavy with woe sweet Thomas Kent,\" he would say, \"the fair Olivia shuns my affections like a cold, heartless statue.\" \"Perhaps if the lady does not return your affections, you should abandon the pursuit my lord.\" Viola would say. \"Oh, sweet innocent Thomas, you cannot know how my heart yearns for her, you are so young, so unacquainted with the ways of love.\" And Viola would bow and smile and wonder if news of her death had reached London yet. She began to realise that the only way for her to gain the favour of her Duke would be to win the heart of the fair Olivia for him and therefore earn her passage to England. \"Duke, if I may, perhaps if I paid visit to your lady, I could sway her affections in your amiable direction?\" The Duke considered this offer carefully. It was true, the young man was quite beautiful, almost feminine in his fairness of face, and he would be sure to gain audience with the young Olivia and use his sweet, poetic words to convince her to be his. The more he thought about it the more he liked the idea. He could not see any possible drawbacks. But, he was a fool. \"Yes, that is a capital idea boy, see that you get there today or tomorrow to confess my love and adoration of the fair Olivia.\" \"I will my lord.\" Viola debated with herself as to whether she should visit as herself or as Thomas Kent. She decided on the latter, mainly because, if not, the Duke may receive word that his loyal page had never been on this so pivotal errand. Viola knocked on the door with an air of confidence. \"I have come to seek an audience with the fair Lady Olivia on behalf of my lord the Duke Orsino,\" She bowed. \"I'm sorry young man but my lady will accept no visitors.\" \"But please, could you not at least tell her that I am here?\" \"She has requested that she not be disturbed, if you'll excuse me.\" The door was shut in Viola's face. Viola was only slightly surprised, she had heard from the friendly sailor that Olivia was playing the most dedicated game of hard-to-get ever. She had a plan B. She would use the words, the words of her dearest love. She walked around to the back of the great estate and, glad that she was not it a dress, climbed the high garden walls. In the back garden she spied an open window high above her and she hoped it was the right one. Projecting her voice as if she were in the globe theatre again she started to speak. Speak those magical words that had caused her own heart to fall. \" What light is light, if Olivia be not seen? What joy is joy, if Olivia be not by? Unless it be to think that she is by And feed upon the shadow of perfection Except I be by Olivia in the night, There is no music in the nightingale; Unless I look on Olivia in the day, There is no day for me to look upon; She is my essence, and I leave to be, If I be not by her fair influence Foster'd, illumined, cherish'd, kept alive.\" Olivia had appeared at the window, clad in white and gazing at the boy on the grass, the boy with the beautiful words, in awe. She was extremely pretty, with dark hair and dark eyes. \"My lady,\" Viola said, bowing, \"these are the words of my master, Duke Orsino, he has sent me in his stead to deliver them to you straight from his heart which beats so passionately for you. Please, dear lady, will you not go to him?\" \"The Duke is vile,\" she said, waving her hand carelessly at the air, \"he does not love me, he thinks only of my money and my land.\" \"Oh, but, how wrong you are sweet lady,\" said Viola, trying to keep her at the window ledge as long as possible. \"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?\" she began. \"No more words please,\" said Olivia, \"you may come in and have some tea and I will speak to you in full of why I cannot marry the Duke, I will meet you at the back door there.\" And with that she disappeared back into her room and Viola waited patiently to be admitted. The words had done one thing, they had allowed her entry, and that was something. Sitting in the drawing room together Olivia was must smaller than Viola originally thought. She was quite young too, Viola started to wonder if she really would be a good match for the Duke who was so sullen and moody. \"I am sorry that you had to come all the way over here, but my answer is still no,\" she said, peering over the rim of her teacup at the boy with the beautiful face. \"I am very sorry to hear that my lady, the Duke, he does love you so, he speaks of nothing else, it is as if you have cast a spell over him.\" \"I promise you, I have done nothing to encourage his favours, I do not wish to be pursued by him, I am still young, I am yet to fall in love, I don't want to throw my life away for a man I hardly know.\" Viola agreed with everything Olivia was saying, but she had to get back to London, she had to reach her poet, her playwright, her love. \"Could you not, at least, give him a chance? You may find that you like him more than you think.\" But she knew it was useless, this delicate, young flower could never handle the fierceness of the Duke. \"I tell you what,\" Olivia said, \"if you act as our messenger and come and meet with me every afternoon, then I will consider his offer.\" Viola was surprised, but knew better than to question Olivia's decision. \"I will tell my master at one, he will be overjoyed at this news.\" \"As am I,\" Olivia said, grinning, and Viola was worried that she may know the cause of her sudden change of mind. Viola was no fool.[Chapter 3] So, days passed and Viola frequented the residence of Lady Olivia daily sending messages, flowers, and food baskets. She would recite poetry and scenes from plays, though it caused her great pain to do this. They spoke of many things and Viola thought that, under any other circumstances the two of them could have been bosom companions. Kindred spirits they were, similar in humour and outlook. Olivia was a few years her junior but a cracker of a girl, high spirited and rambunctious. In the meanwhile the Duke continued to dote upon fair Olivia's eyes and nose and general face, he complimented her form, her hair, her voice. He spent all his money on extravagant gifts but all were sent back unopened. When weeks had passed and it seemed that Viola would never get home, she asked the imperative question. It was in the middle of a game of backgammon. \"So, my lady, have you given any more thought to the Duke's proposal? Do you think you could ever love him?\" Olivia thought for less than a minute and then shook her head. Viola's heart sank. \"I can't, I hardly know him.\" \"But I have told you all about him,\" said Viola, growing impatient as images of new muses danced around her head. Girls with red lips and pale skin. Girls with jet back hair who conjured inspiration in their mere existence. \"And nothing you told me has changed my mind.\" \"Will you not even go to him? Not even meet with him in person?\" \"I will not go to him,\" she said, firmly. \"I am very sorry to hear that my lady, I suppose that means this must be our last meeting then.\" Oh yes, Viola was cunning. Conniving. But we mustn't blame her for this. She did it for love after all. Though love flaunted for love isn't totally without sin. \"But, you won't stop coming to see me just because I will not marry the duke?\" implored Olivia. Alas for the deception of poor Viola. \"My attendance here will no longer be appropriate.\" \"Of course it will you\" \"I am sorry my lady, but my employment and duty is to the Duke, and after my failure in this so pivotal a task I fear he will not be happy with me at all.\" Viola got up to leave, \"I better go and break the news to him now.\" She turned to leave, she knew what she was doing. She lingered at the door for just a moment, just long enough for Olivia's little hand to catch her arm. \"Wait,\" she said. And Viola knew she'd won. \"Yes, my lady?\" \"Perhaps I was too rash, perhaps if I had more time.\" \"I'm afraid that time is running out, already he is becoming impatient with me.\" \"I suppose, if you were to join me, perhaps I could meet with him.\" \"Oh sweet lady Olivia, you will not regret this.\" Guilt dripped from her lies but she couldn't turn back now. Not when she was so close. \"I will go and tell him promptly.\" Again she turned to leave this time unhindered and made her way back to the Duke. She left behind a girl in her chamber who sighed with a terrible hope that would never be fulfilled. Poor girl. The Duke was sufficiently elated, he made preparations for a grand feast in honour of the fair Olivia and, though Viola insisted a simple tea would have been far more appropriate, no expense was spared. Olivia arrived, in her nicest dress. Viola welcomed her into the drawing room to await the arrival of the Duke. Olivia felt a twinge of sorrow that her sweet Thomas Kent didn't even seem to glace at the outfit she'd spent hours preparing. But he was probably just being polite, a gentleman. It's truly terrible the way girls lie to themselves. I wish something could be done about that. When the Duke walked in he certainly noticed the dress, he noticed everything. Everything, that is, except the fact that her eyes couldn't seem to drag themselves away from Thomas Kent's face. It's funny the way these things work. \"How are you?\" \"Fine.\" \"How are you?\" \"Fine.\" And then the silence followed. That poor misguided Duke. Stuck between two girls who couldn't stand him. A plethora of words at her disposal and Viola stayed silent, she started to realise that her plan was not as genius as she originally thought. It was clear that Olivia would never love the Duke, could never love the Duke, and why should she? He was pathetic. It was pitiful the way he doted on a girl he couldn't have seen more than one before. The vanity, the shallowness. It was infuriating. She wanted to slap him across his face. And Olivia, she had become a closer friend than Viola had ever had. She couldn't keep up the faade any longer. The evening was abysmal. Small talk reduced down to its smallest degree. Viola offered to escort the young lady home and she of course accepted. The Duke bid them farewell and offered his best carriage and finest two horses. It was very noble of him to be sure, almost as noble as escorting her himself. \"So, did you enjoy yourself?\" asked Viola. \"Yes, it was a lovely meal.\" \"And the Duke?\" For a moment Olivia looked as though she might lie but then the laughs came, and they laughed together as only two girls can. \"Isn't he just awful?\" \"And those jokes, terrible!\" \"And the way he kept staring at me, as if I were an oil painting,\" said Olivia, \"how could you have ever tried to make me consent to marry him!\" \"It's a long story.\" \"Tell me.\" \"It started in London.\" \"I've always wanted to go to London,\" said Olivia, \"this island is so frightfully small.\" \"It is a wonderful place, the most wonderful place in the world.\" \"What happened in London to make you want me to marry a Duke?\" \"I fell in love.\" \"I see,\" she said, feeling the pain like a dagger, \"who was she?\" \"He,\" said Viola, as she pulled off her moustache.[Chapter 4] Olivia blinked. \"I'm so sorry that I lied to you Olivia, you have been the one innocent party in all of this. I never wanted to hurt you, but you have to know, I would do anything to get back to the man I love. They were his words, not mine, that you fell in love with. And I can't blame you for I was just as entranced.\" Olivia blinked again. \"And I know I used you shamelessly but I really thought you might fall for the duke until I realised what I horrible person he is. And I want nothing more than to be your friend and to show you London and help you find the man of your dreams just like I have. But I can't lie to you anymore because I care about you too much.\" \"Driver! Stop!\" Olivia said, only just loud enough for him to hear. Then she climbed out, before they'd even come to a complete stop. And probably for the first time in her life she got out of a carriage without help. It wasn't the most graceful thing she'd ever done but she proved her point. Viola followed. Several feet behind. But she did follow. Olivia was almost jogging but Viola didn't have much trouble keeping up. \"I didn't realise it would go so far,\" Viola said, \"I needed a job so I had to pretend to be a boy and the Duke asked me to woo you so I had to do it, I didn't have a choice.\" Olivia turned around. Viola was expecting tears or anger or something but her face was blank. \"I understand,\" she said, \"But you need to understand that this doesn't change anything.\" \"What do you mean?\" asked Viola. \"I love you Thomas Kent,\" said the girl with the black eyes, \"gosh, I don't even know your real name.\" \"It's Viola.\" \"Could I kiss you? Just once before you disappear?\" \"I'm not going to disappear. I can't get back to London now, the Duke was my only chance and that's obviously not going to work.\" \"Could you please stop talking for a second?\" And Olivia kissed her. She kissed the man of her dreams, the perfect, beautiful, wonderful man who she loved more than she had ever loved anyone. And Viola kissed her back. Who knows why? Perhaps it was the love between friends or maybe it was pity. Any way, it happened. Just once. But once is sometimes enough. \"Now,\" said Olivia, \"What's say we go to London and find this poet of yours?\" This time Viola blinked. \"Why, sweet lady Olivia, you can't really mean it?\" \"There is nothing on this island for me, I want to be in London. I want to go to masquerades and ride on a boat on the Thames and see real live theatre up close!\" \"Oh, we will Olivia! We will! And oh so many more things!\" \"And we will find your poet Viola, no matter what.\" Viola finally smiled for the first time in what seemed like forever. Somehow everything was working out even better than she had planned. The next few days passed in a blur of hat boxes and leather cases and somehow Viola found herself on another boat across the sea. She smelt and heard London before she saw it. The hubbub engulfed her senses and she was intoxicated. Olivia, on the other hand, seemed suddenly nervous. \"It's so big, so noisy, I didn't expect\" \"You'll like it sister,\" said Viola, \"London can be an acquired taste.\" \"Like it? Oh Viola, I love it! It's more than I ever could have dreamed!\" The friends embraced in a way only sisters can and they prepared to disembark from Olivia's boat. Their first stop was preordained. There was never any question. The Globe. Their baggage was sent ahead and the two girls climbed into a carriage. Viola found that she was suddenly terrified. What if he didn't remember her? It had been months and months since they had parted. Perhaps he had found a new muse, one who wasn't betrothed. Perhaps he wasn't even there anymore Olivia sensed her discomfort and offered her a comforting hand. \"There's no way he would have forgotten you, dear heart, don't fret.\" When she saw the walls of the theatre her breath caught in her throat. She couldn't even release a gasp. \"Is that it?\" Olivia asked. It was all Viola could do to nod. She could hardly bring herself to ask, but they words were on her lips. \"Olivia, be honest, do I look alright?\" \"Viola, you look beautiful.\" \"And my hair, it isn't too short?\" \"Not at all.\" Viola stepped out of the carriage. \"Would you like me to wait here?\" Olivia asked. \"No, please, stay with me.\" Viola new it was selfish, but the fear in her chest was overwhelming. They walked inside, Viola saw actors she recognised backstage. They regarded her with shock and something else that she hoped wasn't sympathy. And then, just like that, there he was. Leaning against a post with a script in his hand. His beard was scruffy, he shirt wrinkled, his fingers stained with ink and his face tired, but it was him. At first he did not see her, wrapped up in the play at hand. Viola coughed. And still he did not see. It was Olivia who pushed her into the light. And then he saw. The joy came first, before the shock, which was an interesting way to approach things. It was as if, for just a second, he didn't realise that she'd been gone so long, like he was seeing her after a week, then the realisation hit and he dropped the script. He walked to her, didn't run, there was no slow motion, no music. He walked. Only one step more and he could have touched her, but he stopped. Stopped right there in front of his Viola. \"They told me you were dead,\" he whispered. \"They were mistaken.\" \"They told me you were dead.\" And then he took that final step and my words are not apt to describe the joy and love that shone between them. And the only tears shed were those of a sad girl in the corner who'd lost both the men she loved in one day. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the characters in this story they belong to, my love, William Shakespeare."},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"una historia","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10724748","Passage":"[Chapter 1] en las garrafas de vino se nota que hubo una gran velada, el par de hombres que entran se dicen acerca de la bruma, uno de ellos menciona que ya se estaba reuniendo la poblacion para el bautizo de el nuevo navo, el otro, ya habiendo agarrado el trapo de limpieza, le dice riendo de buena gana \"si as fueran nuestros actores\", el primero no contesta y continua recogiendo los envases de vidrio, en eso estan cuando llega un joven de bigote fino, de brazos delgados y de piel muy blanca, un poco demasiado blanca, y vestido con mangas holgadas arriba del codo, los hombres que ya estaban se miran entre ellos con una mirada de interrogacin, el joven que llego saluda acercando su mano a su sombrero y pregunta \"la hoja de ayer de el libreto?\", uno de los hombres levanta los hombros, \"el seor shakespeare no nos dijo que haba ensayo hoy\", el joven se sienta y se aplana el pantalon sobre el muslo diciendo \"esperare\".despus de algo as como el tiempo que tomaba un desayuno, el joven mira las graderas apoyada la espalda en la pared, piensa nervioso *salir al alba y venir pasando el ro ...*, de repente ve aparecer una mujer que se agarra la falda caminando rapido, el joven alza la vista *ufff, gracias*, y espera a verla salir, se revisa la punta de los zapatos y se separa de la pared, camina hacia la puerta y sale, guia un poco los ojos puesto que el sol ya esta acercandose a media altura, camina hacia el lateral del edificio y entra a una puerta lateral que ajusta y observa el interior, la mujer que haba visto estaba sentada hacia un rincon sentada sobre una tabla, ella mira al frente y al notar ser vista le mira de frente, el joven se aleja de ella y se coloca cerca del otro extremo, no cerca de la pared, recuerda *cuando traa un pauelo mojado, me miraban y me secaba el sudor, hasta que me dijeron \"que, eres rico?\"*, se desamarra el cinturon y se baja el pantalon, mira el piso y la tabla de reojo viendo el circulo abierto y se sienta, empiezan sus joven termina, mueve un poco las piernas y las nalgas y se levanta, se inclina y jala su pantalon hacia arriba, se amarra el cinturon y voltea, ve a la mujer y la ve mirandole, mira la salida y camina hacia la puerta, el joven observa el paso de un caballo y unos nios que caminan recogiendo objetos de el suelo *vaya, un objeto brillante, no se vayan a ...*, de repente se toman de la ropa y uno de ellos cae al suelo, el joven continua caminando volteando a ver la trifulca, al dar la vuelta ve a alguien en la puerta, uno de los actores de la compaia, al pasar junto a el le saluda, ella oye un repiqueteo de monedas, el joven entra y ve que ya hay actividad de varios actores y ve a shakespeare revisando una espada, doblandola, el joven grita \"mi hoja de trabajo, seor?\", dos de los hombres que pasaban cerca le lanzan miradas furibundas, william shakespeare levanta una hoja y no levanta la vista de la espada falsa, el joven avanza presuroso y la trata de agarrar, el escritor le aleja la hoja hacia el piso y el joven sigue el movimiento con el cuerpo, shakespeare le susurra \"hoy en la noche\", el joven se levanta rapido y siente un empujon por la espalda, se voltea rapido y comienza a decir \"es que ...\", uno de los actores dice \"la mia?\", shakespeare levanta otra hoja, con la otra mano le da un espadazo en el muslo al joven, este le dice al escritor una grosera sonriendo, el actor se carcajea y agarra la hoja. las nubes pasaban rapidamente sobre la poblacin, la lluvia caa y resplandecan relampagos, en una ventana se ven tres siluetas que observan el atardecer lluvioso, el patrocinador de la obra dice \"bien, me tendre que quedar a acompaarlos, no hay manera segura de pasar el rio\", el joven, que esta al lado suspira y dice \"resplandores que anteceden el rugir de su aviso\", el otro que estaba observando dice de repente \"no lo puedo creer, ah vienen\", otros actores se voltean y varios avanzan a la puerta, la abren y esperan, se escucha un chapoteo y unas mujeres comienzan a entrar, \"el camino esta an transitable\", otra dice \"me ca una vez, y ellas me pasan al lado\", uno de los actores les dice \"bienvenidas, bienvenidas\", se empiezan a saludar y se acomodan en grupillos, hasta el patroccinador se acerca, dice \"acerquense mujeres al fuego, hay bebida?, yo pagara una botella o dos\", en la ventana el joven esta con el rostro apoyado en las manos, *conseguir materiales, estas espadas no sirven, del otro lado del rio*, ya tarde en la noche el joven pasa por enfrente de la ventana, la misma lluvia, la misma obscuridad, un resplandor; \"estas intratable\", \"ven y toma un poco\", \"me traes de lo que estas comiendo?\"; abre la puerta y sale, camina casi corriendo y entra empujando la puerta, se oye ruido, no ve muy bien, camina por enmedio y llega a la pared, se baja el pantalon y de repente un relampago, luego otro, dos parejas voltean y observan, ven la puerta y gritan \"cierren la puerta\", otro resplandor, uno de los hombres se pone de pie, dice \"oye tu, se fue tu pareja?, ven que ...\", una mujer le grita \"venga para aca, ese es el actor riquillo, el del pauelo\", el joven contesta \"si, mi pareja se haba ido\", se anuda el cinturon, \"que la pasen bien\", sale y camina un poco en el lodo cruzando unas cuadras, escoge un sitio y se baja el pantalon, un rayo, el joven se ve las piernas, muy blancas, voltea en direccin a el teatro.[Chapter 2] en la obscuridad, el joven esta oyendo, esta acostado en una grada de madera sobre su costado con un ropaje debajo de su cabeza y odo, tiene los brazos cruzados an siendo una posicin molesta, oye el rumor de las gotas de lluvia, mueve los ojos hacia un lugar abajo de donde esta, una sombra se mueve, ve una silueta con falda que se levanta y va a otro lugar, cierra los ojos, *no he pasado mis noches a solas en mi cuarto, no haba pasado mi vida a solas, la servidumbre, mi familia* se reacomoda en la madera y su nuca esta sobre el trapo, *qu es este escritor y actor?*, voltea la cabeza an con el resto de su cuerpo hacia el techo, *gotas, olor a humedad en la madera, qu no oye esa mujer el caer de ese goteo?*, le empieza a doler el cuello por la posicin de la cabeza, recuerda mover su cuello para descansarlo despus de horas viendo pasar los sirvientes ante su padre despus de un robo, se re, *la reina, el, disfrazado de mujer, oh william, ni siquiera piensas en actuar mujeres en tus obras, y tu desfachatez*, casi re, *sabes lo que se le hace a alguien que engaa a la corte?*, frunce los labios, se pasa los dedos por el bigote, se levanta en la obscuridad, va hacia el ruido de gotas, camina sigilosamente y con cuidado, comienza a mirar el piso, ve un charco, se inclina, no ve nada, se frustra un poco, levanta el rostro viendo al techo *por favor*, mira de nuevo el charco, un rayo, un resplandor, ve una cara plida y fantasmal, su bigote delgado, un segundo, obscuridad de nuevo, observa alrededor, se ve an mas obscuro, no nota nada, se levanta, se quita el sombrero, se suelta el cabello y se lo extiende sobre los hombros, se inclina y mira el charco, espera *te gustaria william?, que alguno de los hombres tuviera suerte y viera mi cabello*, recuerda *esa mujer me evito un problema, qu habra visto?, un carcter principal de los capuleto, ah si, el que lo aleja*, un rayo, se asusta *y ahora arreglarme el cabello en la noche?*, se levanta y da dos pasos, voltea *qu castigo hay para una mujer que se disfraza de hombre para actuar*, se re un poco, *a esperar el amanecer*, llega a la banca, se acuesta debajo, de costado, recoge su cabello y lo pone debajo de su cabeza, tiene su sombrero en un puo. en uno de los muelles de el rio se ha atracado una barcaza, el escritor shakespeare observa el sol que ahora aparece despus de la tormenta que ha acontecido en la noche, voltea y se vuelve a subir a la barcaza, dice \"alguna bolsa que pese?\", el par de actores que le acompaaban ren, uno de ellos responde \"no te luzcas capitn, pero ah hay un par\", y los dos le lanzan una bolsa cada uno, el otro le completa \"debes de tener fuerza ya que no usaste la espada anoche\", shakespeare agarra las dos bolsas y con una mueca salta a el muelle, \"ahorro las libras para los pagos, cunto es barquero?\", los otros dos desembarcan y esperan a que shakespeare pague de la bolsa del cinto, cuando se les acerca ellos dicen \"ahorro, un carro necesitamos; ahorro, un carro necesitamos\"; un trotar de caballos y el ruido caracterstico de ruedas de madera se oyen acercndose a el teatro, varios y varias personas estn paradas y sentadas en la puerta, algunas estn solo sentadas tomando el sol habindose quedado a dormir, el joven esta parado con su sombrero y su bigote, charlando con otros de la compaa, shakespeare se ha parado en el carro y observa al grupo, piensa *pero por supuesto, paso la noche en el teatro*, observa que esta charlando y agita los brazos, los de la puerta gritan, incluso las mujeres se paran, los otros acompaantes del carro se paran y saludan, ellos notan junto con shakespeare algo, el joven actor se apoya en la pared y pone el pie en la pared. casi al mismo tiempo de acercarse los hombres de el teatro a el centro de la calle, de dentro de el edificio aparece un malencarado sr. fennyman que trata de pasar entre ellos, como hemos dicho los actores y shakespeare venan ya saludando y de repente lanzaron las bolsas de utilera a los que estaban en la calle, las personas miraban las bolsas alegremente hasta que vieron puntas de espada con lazos y cuerdas, se realizo una especie de marea de hombres y mujeres, una pleamar que avanzaba alejndose de la carreta o, desde el punto de vista de shakespeare, precediendoles y solo quedo el sr. fennyman que recibi un bolso con el cuerpo y los brazos extendidos, cerro los ojos y luego los abri, los otros bolsos a su lado, el se voltea e increpa a los otros \"qu clase de revuelo es este?\", los otros se acercan y reciben a los de la carreta y unos recogen los bolsos, shakespeare sonriente grita \"sr. fennyman, siempre checando sus chelines invertidos\", los otros se saludan, shakespeare saluda y habla, todos entran a el edificio, un joven de bigotillo comienza a caminar hacia la carreta, habla con el cochero y se sube, espera a que el cochero cheque sus caballos y las riendas y ruedas y parte hacia el rio.[Chapter 3] es una mansin de terratenientes, un paseo de entrada con su muelle del rio, plantas y rboles ocultan las paredes de 2 pisos, en la entrada de entregas un hombre vestido como criado se tapa la cara con la capa y extiende una hoja doblada a una sirvienta que la abre pero al ver la letra solo se preocupa an mas, *que del otro lado del mar, francia? algn negocio del seor prometido de la gran ocano?*, pone una expresin de seriedad, dice \"espere aqui, voy a tardar, vere si la seorita puede verle\", el hombre inclina la cabeza y voltea a ver detrs suyo, olvida a la sirvienta que, dado la nula atencin voltea tomando con una mano su falda y camina rpido y silenciosamente, el hombre observa el criado, que debe estar pensando *cmo sabe los apellidos de los nobles de la reina?*, levanta despus de un rato la vista, *no hay nubes en el cielo, la luna esta fuera de mi vista, pero las estrellas*, despus de mirar un rato alternando de la obscuridad estrellada a las ocupaciones de el establo y la avenida lateral oye un susurro a sus espaldas, escucha una voz aguda \"caballero? \", el baja el rostro y voltea con la cara tapada, una joven con un largo vestido , de largo cabello rubio le observa, el hace una reverencia y saca una daga, la joven retrocede un paso, ensea el escrito *\"observa al portador\"*, el se intenta clavar la daga en la mano, la daga se dobla. la joven de el vestido sostiene la mirada intensamente de el criado mensajero, entonces le extiende la otra mano urgiendole a darle la daga falsa, el se la entrega, el se sorprende al or la voz de la joven, un poco mas grave de lo que el bello rostro de la joven representa, \"quin esta al cuidado de la puerta?, mmm?\", el criado no representa la an mayor sorpresa que siente ahora, trata de remover la capa de su rostro, la joven rpidamente le intenta clavar la daga en su pecho, presionando y moviendo la capa y despus doblndose la daga, el baja los ojos y observa el objeto, ella completa \"dnde esta la actriz?\", el suspira bajando los hombros, levanta el rostro y dice \"a quin anuncio?\", ella dice \"bien, seguidme caballero, tengo su respuesta en mis aposentos\", se voltea sin mirarle y empieza a caminar, el le sigue mirando su andar. el se despierta en la noche, toca por checarse a si mismo el cuerpo de la mujer acostada a su lado, escucha el viento a travs de las pieles, solo normalidad, mueve el cuerpo para levantarse, observa en la obscuridad, se levanta y mira de reojo el piso y camina a pasos largos, toma la tranca de la ventana y la abre, frunce el ceo, voltea, ve la mujer que estaba desnuda acostada, ve que ya se ha tapado, distingue sus piernas, su pelo rubio que se esparce sobre la tela, regresa, busca entre las ropas y las telas de colcha, levanta un vestido, mira, sonre, un corsette, remueve y levanta de nuevo, frunce un poco el ceo al sonreir, sus pantalones blancos de calor, se sienta en el borde de la cama y se los pone *estatua de marmol, un pequeo matorral de flores amarillas al extremo opuesto, qu es lo que falta?*, se ata el pantaln blanco y camina de nuevo de la misma forma, ahora hacia la puerta, abre un poco, observa entre la rendija y abre mas, sale y toma una lampara, regresa y cierra la puerta detrs de el, se voltea sosteniendo la lampara y la acerca al cuerpo de la mujer, observa un tono anaranjado, el cuerpo de la mujer se mueve, el aleja rpidamente la lampara, se sienta, recuerda pensativamente observndola *un adorno para observarte, disfrutarte y olvido los peligros que pasas, y soy yo quien te pongo en peligro, cual delicada cortina, cual fuerte atoln de corales y rocas y yo, te puse en peligro*./p en un bote, un remero lleva a un pasajero, el remero ve al pasajero que voltea a un lado y otro como l ve el rumbo y las orillas de el ro, el remero piensa *esa mujer joven debe de estar lavando sus sabanas, ese caballero parece estar esperando, sin calzado o botas, ah, una barcaza de legumbres*, william shakespeare trata de grabar esos momentos, influido su pensamiento por la noche vivida./p p class=\"MsoNormal\" /p p class=\"MsoNormal\" /p ","Summary":" en las garrafas de vino se nota que hubo una gran velada, el par de hombres que entran se dicen ace"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"I Want You To Want Me","Author":"Wolfsbane2009","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4928817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: I Want You To Want Me Author: Clana2009 Disclaimer:n I don't own John Tucker Must Die. And I certainly don't ownnKate and Beth but if I did, they would be together cause they are anperfect couple!! An: This is my first story on andnmy first time writing Kate and Beth. I hope I got their charactersnclose to how they should be. Feedback is greatly appreciated. I amna firm believer in constructive criticism so let me know if somethingnseems wrong to you. I want younto want me. I need you to need me. These are the words that alwaysncome to my mind when I see her. She may have a lot of flaws, but tonme she is simply perfect. I get tingles just thinking about how shendresses. Always in high boots, a short skirt, and a tank top thatnshows off all of her smooth skin. What I wouldn't give to run mynfingers through her beautiful chestnut hair. Stop itnKate, you're drooling! I hope no one saw me staring at her for thenpast ten minutes. Oh god, I can tell by the smirk she is sending menthat she caught me. I blush a deep shade of red and avert my eyesnbut I know that only makes her grin widen. Why does she have to benso desirable? Oh no,nshe's coming this way.be cool Kate. \"Younknow Kate, if you want to stare at me I can give you something tonstare at.\" She winks at me when she says this and I think she justngave me a heart attack. My blush deepens and I try and think ofnsomething to say. \"Inuh..um..I'm sorry\" I curse myself for stuttering because Inknow it only fuels her. \"Youndon't have to apologize for thinking I'm hot. I'm actuallynvery flattered.\" Whoa! Isnshe flirting with me or just messing with my head? Oh god.why isnshe leaning towards me. I can't think straight when she's thisnclose to me. It's times like these when all I can think about isnthe kiss we shared in John's truck. I can feelnher breath on my lips. \"You really have no idea how sexy you are. nAll you have to do is stutter like that or stare at me, andnsuccessfully turn me on.\" Holy shit!n Did the temperature just raise because I'm suddenly extremely hot!n \"I ahBeth, what are you doing?\" She smiles at me and out ofnnowhere I can't breath. \"I'mntrying to tell you that I see the way you look at me and I could tellnby the way you kissed me, that you want me. All I'm doing isntelling you that I want you just as much as you want me.\" Oh MynGod!!! What do you say to that? Before Incan come up with anything to say, I feel her lips press against mine.n There are no words to describe how I feel right now.I honestlynthink I'm flying. The kiss is sweet and gentle but I can't helpnbut moan when I feel her tongue on my bottom lip. I open my mouthnwillingly and I thank god that I did because she tastes amazing. nIt's like a mix of chocolate and Beth. Mmm, definitely my newnfavorite flavor. Our tongues are dueling for dominance and it's nonsurprise that Beth wins. Inregretfully break apart for much needed oxygen. I'm breathingnheavily and when I open my eyes I'm greeted with the most beautifulnsight in the world. Beth's eyes are clouded with desire, she'snflushed, and her mouth is slightly open. With the look she'sngiving me, I'm tempted to kiss her again but I restrain myself. Bethnfinally breaks the silence, \"Wow.\" I have tonsmile, \"Yeah. Wow.\" No morenwords are needed because Beth is leading me out of the school andninto our lives together. Neither of us know what might happen in thenfuture but one thing is for sure. I got my wish, because now I knownfor sure that Beth wants me and she needs me! An: Hownwas it? Good? Bad? Anyways if it is at least okay, then I am eithernthinking about continuing this or just making a series of onenshots.tell me what you think. Thank you!![Chapter 2] AN: Wow Ingot a lot more of a response then I thought I would. Since Inreceived so much lovely feedback I'm gonna make this anstorypreferably kinda long. I'm still not sure on the lengthnbut I do know the direction I want to head in. Since I'm finishingnup school and I have track practice every night I will probably onlynbe able to update on the weekends. Thank you soooo much for thenfeedback!! Chaptern2 (Kate POV) Beep.nBeep. Beep. I jump out of bed and slam my alarm clock. Are younkidding me? Everything that happened was a dream? Ugh I hate mynlife! I put off going to school for as long as I could and finallynfaced reality. When I getnto school I am sadder than normal because I know everything is backnto normal. Just another day of me pining for Beth. If wanting hernwas an art, then I would definitely be an artist. I'm not sure ifnI've mentioned it yet, but Beth is one of my best friends. Alongnwith Carrie and Heather. After the whole John thing, we all becameninseparable. I think that Carrie and Heather know how much I wantnBeth, in fact the whole school knows. The only one who is completelynoblivious is Beth. No onenreally knows which way Beth's sexuality goes. It's clear thatnshe flirts with anything that moves but if she would actually go fornit would be a whole other story. It's not like anyone would carenif she was bi or lesbian. People are so used to it around here thatnit doesn't even faze them. I thinknone of the reasons that Beth is so alluring is because she is sonmysterious. If you tried to peg exactly who she was, you wouldn'tnbe able to. She's like a brilliant bright light that you want sonmuch but it seems to be just out of you grasp. I dare anyone to saynthat she is not the most beautiful person they have ever seen. So if youncan't tell by now, I have it bad for Beth. What kills me is thatnshe will never know and that she will never see me as more than hernbest friend because I am not willing to risk our friendship overnsomething like this that may not even last. Some days are betternthan others and I think that I may actually be able to get over hernone day, but in the end it always comes back to her. Anyways,nsorry about getting off topic there, but I could go on about Beth allnday long. A lot of the time I wish that she knew how I felt butnother times when I feel how strong our friendship is, I know thatnnothing could be worth messing it up. Speak ofnthe devil, she's coming this way to talk to me like always. \"HeynKate. How was your weekend?\" FocusnKate!! \"Umnormal and boring. Yours?\" Shengrinned, \"Nothing too exciting. I just went on a date with Joshnfrom my animal rights club.\" I feel mynstomach turn because I'm sure that he got something special out ofnthat date. It's nothing knew.that's Beth's style. Shit! nShe's giving me a confused look, I must have forgotten to hide mynemotions with those inner thoughts. Time tonbecome the perfect actress. I simply smirk and say, \"Nothingnspecial, huh? I'm sure that still called for some casual sex, am Inright?\" She alsonsmirks and just rolls her eyes, \"Whatever, you know everyone wantsna piece of me, Spencer.\" I couldn'tnagree with you more. Of course, I could never say that. \"Hanhagood one Beth!\" She givesnme a fake glare before breaking into a smile and also laughing. \"AnywaysIncame to talk to you for a reason. My parents are having a ton ofnbusiness guests over at our house this week so I was wondering if Incould come and stay with you? Please, I'm begging you. You have nonidea how crowded and boring it's gonna be at home.\" I can'tnhelp but smile at the way she is actingit's really too cute. n\"Are you kidding? You know you're always welcome at my house. nSometimes I think my mom loves you more than me.\" \"Okayngreat. Well I have to get to class but after I'll swing by mynplace to pick up some stuff, then I'll head over to yours.\" \"Soundsngreat.\" We say goodbye and I watch her walk away. Oh No! Injust realized that I'm going to be living with her for a wholenweek. It's going to take some serious self control to keep fromntelling her how I feel. There's also one other largenproblem..every time I'm around her I can hardly keep myself fromnjumping her on the spot. This is going to be one interesting week! An: Therenyou go. The end of chapter two and I think it's a little longer. nSorry to those of you who were sad that it was a dreamwe can'tnruin all the fun by having them get together in the beginning. Untilnnext time![Chapter 3] AN: I'mnback!!! It's great because anytime I need inspiration to writenKate/Beth all I have to do is watch theatricss, Ever Ever After onnYouTube and I can magically write again. I figured it was finallyntime to let you see what's going on inside Beth's mind. Chaptern3 (Beth POV) \"Beth.stopnit! Don't do that!\" cried Kate. \"Younmight as well stop fighting Spencer, you know I always get what Inwant.\" I said while smirking at her. She all ofna sudden looks flustered and blushes like crazy. I laugh and thinknto myself that it's really hot when her mind is in the gutter. \"Thatnmay be true, but you won't beat me at Guitar Hero!! I am thenmaster!!\" Right when she said that she broke out into an extremelynhard solo and to say I was impressed would be putting it mildly. I'vennever seen anything sexier than Kate Spencer playing guitar, even ifnit is just a stupid game. I sigh and realize it's time to admitndefeat. \"Alright already, I give up.you are the master atnGuitar Hero.\" It's a kick to my ego to say this but hernsatisfied grin is totally worth it. \"Inwarned you Beththere is just no beating me.\" Huh who knew shencould be so cocky? I should try to think of a way to knock her offnher high horse.better yet, why don't I just tickle her until shenadmits defeat? Yeah, I like that idea. The minute she sets hernguitar down I tackle her to the carpet, straddle her legs, pin hernarms up with one of my hands, and begin to evilly tickle her with mynfree hand. Shensqueals and tries to break free. \"Bethno!! Please stop!\"nTempting but this is too much fun. The only thing she doesn't knownis that I love this position I have her in for more reasons than justntickling. I can't help but think dirty even though she is my bestnfriend. Trust me, if your best friend was as hot as mine, then younwould be have impure thoughts too. It's a good thing she is soninnocent because anyone else would be able to see the lust that isnrolling off of me in waves. \"All younhave to say is, Beth you are amazing and I could never truly beat younbecause you are a total stud, and I'll let you go.\" I laugh atnwhat I told her to say because it is honestly ridiculous but that'snthe only thing my clouded mind could come up with. She saysnit only because I think she would have died from laughing too much. nI let go of her hands but I don't get up off of her just yet. Bothnof our giggles die down and now we are just staring at each other inncomfortable silence. I all of a sudden have the strongest urge tonkiss her. Despite my better judgment, I lean down to do exactly whatnmy heart desires. Both of our breathing picks up and I am pleasantlynshocked to see that she is leaning towards me as well. My heart isnbeating out of my chest as I can feel her breath against my lips. Wenare so close, still inching towards one another when all of a suddennthe bedroom door flies open. We jerknapart but not fast enough because Kate's mom is giving us a strangenlook.wait is she smiling? No she can't be.that would bencrazy. No straight, sane mother would smile at catching her daughternalmost kissing her girl best friend. \"Uh.sorrynto interrupt! I really need to learn how to knock. Um I was justncoming up to say good nightwell see ya in the morning.\" Andnwith that she booked it out of the room. I'mnembarrassed out of my mind but also ecstatic because I think Katenwanted me to kiss her! That can't be rightI had to have drawnnthe wrong conclusions. The best thing to do is back off a little andnpretend it didn't happen. Out ofnnowhere, Kate busts out laughing. I just stare at her because Indon't find the situation amusing at all. \"Kate, how can younlaugh at a time like this. You do realize how embarrassing that was,nright? Your mom is so gonna hate me now.\" \"AwwnBeth, no she won't. I told you my mom loves you and I'm laughingnbecause of her timing. I have no idea how we ended up in thatncompromising situation but that's regardless because she had tonpick that exact moment to walk in.\" She continues to laugh and Instart to chuckle when I actually think about the humor.it is kindanfunny. At least she didn't kick me out, scream, or totally freaknoutthat's a plus, right? An awkwardntension started to settle in. I pray that Kate will break thensilence so I don't have to. As if my prayers had been answered,nshe said, \"I don't know about you but I am beat. We also havenschool tomorrow so it would be a good idea if we went to bed sometimensoon.\" \"Yeah,nI'm beyond tired.\" This is going to be the hardest part of thennighttrying not to ravish Kate while we are sharing a bed. I mustnhave self control! We crawlnunder the covers and both stay at opposite sides of the bed. This isnstrange for us because we discovered a long time ago that we are bothncuddlers, so we get along great in our sleep and always wake upncomfortable, together, and completely rested. We both lie awakenuntil finally I can't take it anymore. I roll over and snugglentowards herhugging her stomach and putting my head in her neck. I cannsense her smile as she unconsciously strokes my hair. I'm lulledninto a blissful sleep without a care in the world because I'm innthe arms of the woman I love. Oh yeahnthat reminds me, I never told you that I am head over heals in lovenwith Kate Spencer and that she is the girl of my dreams. It'snreally too bad that she will never feel the same way. I would givenanything to have her want me the way I want her. An: Therenyou guys go!! Beth's POV just cause it was needed in order to seenif Kate's pining is a lost cause or not. It is actually a 4 daynweekend so maybe I will write up a few more updates!! Pleasenreview.thanks!![Chapter 4] An: I'mnsoooo sorry that it has taken me so long to update. My dad was in ancar accident so I hadn't really had time to write and even if Indid, I wasn't really up for it and I'm sure the story would havensuffered. So here is the next chapter and enjoy! Chaptern4 (Beth POV) Today isnalready an amazing day! I know this because when I opened my eyesnthis morning I saw a sleeping Kate and that left me with annindescribable feeling. I've never seen someone in such sweet peacenbefore. I may be pushing my luck but that doesn't stop me fromncautiously lifting my hand and tracing her face. I start out bynharmlessly putting a blonde curl behind her ear. Gradually my handnslides down to her cheek and I can't stop myself from lightlyncaressing it. She makes a beautiful sound and scoots closer to me. nThis action only pushes me on. My betraying hand continues tonexplore her neck and the rest of her face when it finally lands onnthe spot I want it the most, her lips. I lightlyntrace them and am flooded by the memories of our short kiss in John'sntruck. It was so soft, light, and tender. I'd give anything tonkiss her again. We were so close the night before, I really wishnLori had better timing. It's probably for the best because Katenmight have freaked out afterwards and that's added tension that wendon't need. I come back to reality when I feel Kate snuggle closernto me. I look down at her and I can't help but fall in love withnher all over again. I lean down and leave a lingering kiss on hernhead before carefully getting out of the bed. She grunts and hugs mynpillow insteadtoo cute! I watchnher for a little while longer before I decide to take a shower. Thenreason I'm letting her sleep is because school got canceled todayndue to the weather. I found a whole new reason to love naturenotnthat I didn't already. (Kate POV) I wake upnalone. My best guess is that Beth is downstairs talking to my mom. nThose two really do spend too much time together. I chuckle as I getnup to head to the bathroom to wash my face. I reach my bathroom andndue to my sleepy state, I open the door without knocking. SweetnJesus! Beth is way hotter without clothes onDamn! Did I reallynjust think that? Beth isnstartled and grabs the towel. I quickly turn around. \"Oh my godnBethI am so unbelievably sorry!\" I have my face buried in mynhand and if I got any redder, I would be a tomato. \"JeeznKate. If you wanted to see me naked all you had to do was ask.\" nShe's chuckling. Of course, leave it to Beth to be totallyBethatna time like this. She's still laughing and I can't bring myselfnto turn around or to say anything. I make anquick decision. \"UhI'll just umsee ya downstairs!\" Indidn't give her a chance to reply. I tore out of my room and ranninto the kitchen where my mom was reading the paper. She looksnup, \"Whoa Kate, where's the fire?\" Oh boy,nwhat do I say to her? Do I tell her? That doesn't seem like angood idea because she walked in onwhatever was going on between menand Beth last night. I'm just gonna play it cool. Yeah, soundsnlike a plan! I look atnher as innocently as I can. \"I don't know what you mean, mom.\" She laughsnand shakes her head, \"Okay honey, whatever you say. I actuallynhave a date with a nice respectable manso no calling this onenSkip. Got it?\" Hell I'dnagree with anything to get out of this awkward situation. \"Surenmom. I swear I won't call him Skip.\" I smile that innocent smilenas added reassurance. \"Okay.nI'm gonna go. Tell Beth I said bye and I'll see you girls later.\"nShe leans down and kisses me on the head before leaving. Good! Atnleast I dodged that bullet for now but I could tell by the look shengave me, that this conversation will be brought up later. Joy! Incan't wait for that. Wait a minute! If mom left that means it'snjust me and Beth. Shit! I forgot that I ran to my mom in order tonescape the awkwardness. Now that she's gone I have nowhere to run. \"Sorrynsweetie, I had to put clothes onI know how much you like menwithout them.\" Speak of the devil and let the torture begin! (Beth POV) I feel sonmuch better after taking a COLD shower. As fate would have it, rightnwhen I step out of the shower Kate walks in the bathroom. Shenquickly turns around because she's embarrassed but I'm not. Thenonly thing I need right now is another COLD shower. I hear hernapologize as she swiftly turns around. I can hear both of ournbreathing pick up and I'm really turned on. After anpainfully long awkward silence Kate makes an excuse and books it outnof the bathroom. I'm plagued with thoughts that are anything butninnocent as I get dressed. I walkninto the kitchen just in time to see Lori close the door. Kate hasnher back turned to me but I can totally read her body languageshenis soooo stressed! In typical me fashion, I have to make thensituation bend to my favor. \"Sorrynsweetie, I had to put clothes onI know how much you like menwithout them.\" She suddenly goes extremely stiff. I loventorturing her. She turnsnaround. \"My mom went on a date with the latest catch. What do younwant to do today.\" Way to change the subject Kate, but I'll gonalong with it. \"I don'tnknow. Carrie and Heather are still out of town and they won't benback until next week. And with the weather the way it is, I don'tnreally feel like going out and doing anything. Wanna stay in andnwatch movies and stuff?\" In all honesty there are a million thingsnI want to do with her today. Things that involve no clothing andnexcessive contact. Okay Beth, seriously! Mind needs to get out ofnthe gutter. Sometimes I swear I'm the president of Gutter Town. She smilesnand my knees go weak. \"Sure. That sounds fun.\" We endednup having a total movie marathon. I'm not sure what time it wasnwhen we finally fell asleep. Kate fell asleep before me. We were innthe middle of a movie when I looked down and she was hugging mynstomach, sound asleep. I smiled and shut the TV off. Then I put mynarm around her and covered us up with a blanket. I was asleepninstantly and I couldn't help but think that this felt so right,nperfect even. Aroundnmidnight Lori finally let herself in the house. She was beingnserious when she said that this guy was different. He was thenperfect gentleman and he actually treated her like she was special,ninstead of an easy lay. Shencouldn't help but smile when she looked over at the couch. Bethnand her daughter were snuggled up to one another, sound asleep, withnsmiles on their faces. Lori made a quick decision and walked intonher room. She emerged a couple of minutes later with her camera. nShe took tons of pictures of the two and couldn't help but thinknthat they made a perfect couple. With hownboy crazy Lori is a lot of people would think she would be againstnher daughter being gay. But to Lori, all that mattered was herndaughters happiness and it had been clear since they moved that Bethnmade Kate happier than she had ever been. In that moment Lorindecided that she would do whatever it took to make sure that Beth andnher daughter ended up together! An: Man Inreally love Lori in my story!! Lol!! So I'm not sure when the nextnchapter will be up cause of my dad but I do know that I have anmillion ideas for this story so it could be interesting! Talk to yansoon.[Chapter 5] An: Wow Incan't believe that it has taken me so long to update. I am reallynreally sorry guys! I had a lot of stuff going on, like my dad'snaccident, graduation, and the senior trip. The good news is that Inwon't be going to school for a long time so I can dedicate morentime to writing this story. I'm debating on bringing Scott into mynstory or letting Kate and Beth fight to get together another way. nRight now I'm leaning towards keeping Scott OUT of this story butnI'm not sure yet. Let me know what you guys think and I'll takenyour opinions into consideration. Anyways I'm done blabberingnonhere is the next chapter. Enjoy!! (I know I did when I wrote it) Chaptern5 (Lori POV) I feelnlike a secret agent. I made sure I got up early this morning beforeneither of the girls so that I could set my plans into motion. PhasenOnecall Grace, Beth's mom, and figure out what she thought aboutnall of this. We went to the local caf and I told her everything,nincluding my plan. I was pleasantly surprised that she too wantednKate and Beth together. Since we were now on the same team wenfigured it was time to set step one into motion. When I got home thengirls were awake and eating breakfast. \"Heyngirls. How did you sleep last night? You know I sometimes find thatncouch uncomfortable.\" I say while smirking at them. They bothnblush and mutter fine. Is it mean that I love to torture them? Nah,nI don't think so. What am I doing? I am on a very strict schedulenwith Operation: Kethno Bateno Kabeth? Huh I'll figure it outnlater. Grace should be calling any minute now to give Beth some fakenexcuse as to why she has to stay with us for a while longer.nBrilliant, huh? Well, I do what I can. The phone begins tonringperfect! \"Hello?nSure just a minute. Beth, it's your mom.\" I hand her the phonenand she shares a short conversation with her before she hands me backnthe phone. \"Shenwants to talk to you.\" I take it and pretend to be surprised andngo along with everything before I hang up. \"Beth,nsince your parents are going out of town for business your mothernthinks it would be a good idea if you stayed here and I agree. So hownabout you two go to your house so you can get some more clothes andnthen spend the day outside of the housego and do something fun?\"n I am trying so hard not to laugh or smile at the whole situation. She smilesnat me with a mix of total happiness and also uneasinessheh good,nshe must be nervous about living with Kate that long. Kate gives menthe exact same expressioneven better! \"Okay.nKate, are you ready to go?\" She smiles at her with a look ofnadoration. Kate doesn't notice, sometimes I can't believe hownnave that girl is. Kate smiles and nods then both the girls leave. Once theynare gone it's time to set Phase Two into motion..call Heathernand Carrie. Since they were on their way back home from their shortnvacation it was easy to get a hold of them. Once again, I explainedneverything to both of the girls and they told me that they had beenntrying to get Beth and Kate together for awhile now. They agreed tonjoin our team. YES!! It will be nice to have two spies on the inside.n Now that I've got that all figured out, I need to go and pondernsome new ideas on how to get them together. (Beth POV) Kate'snmom is acting really strange. First she made a crack about usnsleeping together on the couch but the way she said it really shockednme. I am a master when it comes to plans and I can definitely tellnthat Lori is planning something. Then, I discovered that my parentsnare going out of town and I am gonna have to stay with Kate. When Infound out I was extremely happy but then I was hit with uneasinessnbecause I don't know if I can be around Kate that long withoutnslipping up. Then, whennwe went to get my clothes my mom was acting weird. There isndefinitely something fishy going on around here. After we get mynclothes Kate and I decide that it would be fun to go play laser tag. nLittle did she know that I have a plan that shouldn't compromisenanything if I play it out correctly. We arengetting geared up and I can hardly contain my excitement. \"Beth,nare you okay? You seem a littledifferent.\" Kate is looking at menwith that cute confused look that she has and I can hardly keep myntrain of thoughtgod, I'm turning into a love sick puppy. \"Yeah,nI'm just excitedyou know how I love laser tag.\" I laugh it offnand she looks at me with disbelief but lets it go regardless. There arena lot of other people playing with us. That should make my plan go anlot smoother. We enternin the course and go our separate ways. I am stalking through thendark, taking out people as I go along. Finally I spot Kate, this isnthe moment I've been waiting for. I sneak up behind her in thendark and shoot out both her lights and mine. The minute everythingngoes dark I turn her around and crash my lips with hers. She moansnat the contactI guess she feels the sparks like I do. I hear bothnof our suits begin to power up so I make a quick exit before theynlight up. Once I'm in a corner by myself I breath a sigh of reliefnand put my hand up to my lips. I really kissed Kate and better yet,nKate kissed me back. (Kate POV) Whoa!!nThat all happened really fast. I was minding my own business,nlooking for people to shoot, when all of a sudden both mine andnsomeone else's suit goes off, leaving us in complete darkness. Innthe next moment, I am whipped around and then I feel someone's lipsnforcefully collide with my own. I couldn't help but moan at thencontact because it sent full shock waves through my entire body. Inhaven't felt like this since Beth kissed me in John's truck. nOnce our suits started to power and light back up they vanished, asnif they were never there at all. I knew they were though because thenof the burning sensation on my lips was proof. Gosh, what isnhappening to meletting an unknown person kiss me, and even worse Inkissed back. I don't know what's happening to me but I want themnto do it again. What is wrong with me? I need to get a hold ofnmyself and get back to neutral. For some strange reason my heart isntelling me that it was Beth, but my head disagrees. Is it bad that Inwish that the mystery person is Beth. That's a funny thought, Bethnliking me. Only in my dreamsevery night! AN: Okaynso before I forget, I should tell you guys that I don't use a betanand I don't proof read an awful lot, so any and all mistakes are mynfault and I apologize!! This chapter is shorter than my others, butnit is more juicy. So sorry for the shortness and for it taking me sonlong to get this up. Thanks for reading and review!! Oh, and I wantnyour opinions' on 2 thingsif I should bring in Scott and whatnshould the Kate/Beth shipper name be? (Keth, Bate, Kabeth, or thrownout some suggestions)[Chapter 6] AN: I'mnso so so sorry that it's been so long since I updated. I couldngive you excuses but it really doesn't make any difference. I madenthis chapter longer than any of my other ones in hopes that you willnall forgive me. Thanks and I'm sorry. (No POV) Believe itnor not, things really hadn't progressed since the magical kissnduring laser tag. In fact, the lovesick pinning between the two hadnonly increased. The easiest thing that Lori, Heather, or Carriencould do would be to tell Kate and Beth about their mutual feelings,nbut they all agreed that they shouldn't interfere in that aspect. nThey were all convinced that they could get the two together withoutnhaving to flat out tell them. It'snfinally the end of the school year, all of the girls are gettingnready for their semester tests on Monday. They only wished that theynwere seniors and would be graduating soon, but they are onlynjuniorstoo bad. John was graduating this year and all of thengirls were thrilled. As far as they were concerned it was goodnriddance. Carrie and Kate decided that since they were the smarternof the four, they should split up and each study with one of thenother girls. Carrie took Heather right away so that left Kate andnBeth to study for their exams. (Kate POV) I can donthis! I am bound and determined to help Beth pass all of her examsnwith flying colors. I have all weekend to help her learn thenmaterial. Studying really isn't hard, you just have to find a waynto connect the material with something that interests you. My onlynworry is that I might not be able to connect with the thing thatninterests Beth the most (Beth POV) So Kate isnmy tutorcould my luck be any better? She says that the key tonstudying is to find something that interests me and then connect itnto the material. Oh Kate, I could tell you a lot of things thatnwould interest me but they would all involve you and less clothing. nWait a minute, maybe I could work this whole thing to my advantage. If youncouldn't tell, I've become a lot braver and way more confidentnsince the kiss. Ever since we kissed, one of my dreams turned out tonbe trueher body reacts to me whether she likes it or not. Sincenthen, I've noticed a lot of things that I missed before. Fornexample, if I innocently brush up against her, she shivers. Don'tnget me wrong, my body reacts to her all the time, but I usually don'tnhave to worry about it because she is so innocent and nave. One of thengreat things about our friendship is that we are both extremelyntouchy-feely people. So it's not out of the ordinary if I touchnher or lean on her and same thing for her. I've been touching herna lot more lately but she doesn't seem to noticeI'm not surenif that's a good thing or a bad thing. (CarrienPOV) I am sonsmartprobably too smart for my own good. I was the one thatnsuggested that we divide the girls up for studying. Kate and Bethndon't know that Heather and I had studied a long time ago and wenboth know the material. Haha that leaves us with more time to spy onnthe two. I got some new gadgets recently and I'm super excited tonuse them. \"Heather,nare you ready for this?\" I ask her excitedly. She throwsnher hair over her shoulder, \"Psh of courseI was born ready.\" I roll myneyes because she is soHeather. I go to my closet and pull out thenbox with all of my equipment. I dump it on the floor in front of usnand I laugh at Heather's shocked expression. \"Damnngirl, compared to thisyour boob-cam is sooo last year.\" She isnstill amazed while I separate it into different piles. She raisesnher eyebrows and laughs while I do this. I stop and look at her,n\"What?\" She just laughs harder and finally says, \"Did younreally categorize your spy equipment.\" I shootnher a glare and say, \"There's nothing wrong with being organized.nJust let it go Heather, we have more important things to worrynabout.\" (HeathernPOV) Wow I'mnstill laughin about that oneI mean I know how Carrie is but Inthink she just out-Carried herself. \"Okay,nso the first thing is the hidden camera.\" She smiles brightly atnme. I think for a minute, \"But how are we gonna get that in Kate'snroom without her knowing it?\" Her smile falls a little and shenthinks, \"I forgot that partI've got it, we're gonna go overnthere and sneak into her room.\" My onlynthought is that this could end very badly, but what the hellnonmatter what it will be fun and I love adventure. I smile at hernevilly and say, \"Let's do it!\" We high-five each other andnthen begin to put on the spy outfits. Yes, younheard me right, spy outfits. They consist of black tights, uglynblack shoes, a black turtleneck, a black beanie, and finally we putnsome black war paint on our faces. We could totally be the nextnJames Bondsno waitJane Bonds, YEAH!! (No POV) Carrie andnHeather quietly pull up to Kate's house. They make sure that theynpark a couple blocks down the road. They kill the engine and quietlynclose the car doors. Anyone watching would have found the scene innfront of them hilarious, the girls were zigzagging, running, andncrawling between various trees before finally flattening against thenside of Kate's house. They gaveneach other a nod and ran for the tree outside of Kate's window. nThey start climbing up the tree to see if the girls are in Kate'snroom or not. Luck was not in their favor tonight because the girlsnwere studying and laughing. They jump down from the tree. Carrienlooks at Heather and says, \"Okay, I need you to create andistraction that causes them to come outside while I set up thencamera in Kate's room.\" Heathernsends Carrie a panicked look before saying, \"What kind ofndistraction? What should I do?\" Carrienrolls her eyes at Heather before saying sarcastically, \"Gee I don'tnknow, maybe you should run around naked and try to get theirnattentionafter all they do bat for the other team.\" Heathernglares at her and says, \"Stripseriously? Gah Carrie I'm notnBethshe's the slut.\" Both girls bust out laughing beforensplitting up. (Beth POV) Wenactually haven't gotten much studying done because of the constantnlaughing. Well, that and the fact that I can't stop staring atnher. \"SonTutor Girl, how much material did we learn this semester?\" I'mnalmost afraid of the answer she's gonna give me. She stopsnand looks at me, \"Tutor Girl? Seriously? You've been watching wayntoo much One Tree Hill.\" There isnno such thing. I give her a shocked look, \"Oh please, you know younlove OTH just as much as I do.\" She smilesnat me, \"Well duh, it is the best show ever!\" We bothnlaugh for a while before I decide to kick it up a notch. \"K.nSpencer, hoes over bros?\" I laugh while putting out my fist. She rollsnher eyes and pounds my fist, \"Hoes over bros. But first I'mnHaley, now I'm Peyton? Who am I gonna be next? Lucas?\" I simplynsmirk and say, \"Lucas, huh? Well, do you want to be my Broody?\"nI'm flirting with her big time right now. Shenflashes me a grin, \"Only if you'll be my Pretty Girl.\" Wow,nmajor flirt points for her. I can only nod because she's got menhypnotized. You don't know how much I want that, Kate. We sit inna comfortable silence until she breaks it, \"Oh and I find it funnynthat you stayed Brooke in all of our OTH comparisons. I fakenshock with her, \"Of course I stayed Brooke, she is hot, sexy, andnamazing.\" Katenraises an eyebrow, \"You only say that about Brooke because you looknjust like Sophia Bush.\" Oh, busted! I smile guiltily at her beforensheepishly nodding. I don'tnknow how we got so far off track. We've been heavily discussingnOTH for the last 30 minutes and studying is the farthest thing on ournminds. She stops mid sentence when we both hear a tortured noisencoming from outsideit sounds like a dying cat. (HeathernPOV) \"Meow,\"nI say for the sixth time. I didn't have any better ideas, which isnwhy I am currently hiding in Kate's backyard making cat noises likenan idiot. I hear the back door open and I am praying that Carrie isnsetting up the camera. How long did she say it would take? Ohnright, she left that minor detail out! Oh shit, they're searchingnthe yard. I remain as quiet as possible. \"Maybenit came from your neighbors yard.\" Beth points out. Katenthinks for a minute, \"It could have but that cat sounded like itnwas in agony. We should try and find it so that we can make sure it'snokay. I know how you are Beth, if there's even the slightestnthought that this animal is hurt, it'll bother you all night.\" Aww,nthat's so cute. Maybe these two really do belong together. Theynkeep up this charade of looking while I casually change my hidingnplace every so often. I can't help but notice they way they looknat one another when they think the other isn't looking. These twonreally are helplessly and head over heals in LOVE!!! All of ansudden, Kate's phone starts going off in her bedroom. The girlsnboth turn to leave and I can only hope that it was Carrie that sentnthem the text. Once they are in the house I run to the tree bynKate's window. Uh oh.no sign of Carrie. I start to climb thentree and peek inside Kate's window. The girls are back in Kate'snroom but nothing seems to be out of the ordinary. I get antext from Carrieit says, \"I'M IN THE CLOSET OMG THIS IS SOnSCARY!!!! DO SOMETHING!!!\" I continue to brainstorm, not quitensure what I should do. (CarrienPOV) Oh no. nWhat do I do? Think Carrie, think. I just sent Heather a text, Inhope she can get me out of this jam. While I'm thinking I hearnKate suggest that they go and get something to eat. Thank you Lord,nmaybe luck is on our side today. They leaventhe room and I bolt for the window. I'm in the process of climbingndown the tree when I accidentally hit Heather. Why is she in thentree? Anyways the force causes us both to fall out onto the ground. nWow that actually didn't hurt that bad. Why was my landing sonsoft? \"Ugh.nCarrie get off me. We so need to be getting paid for this.\" Ohnshit, I landed right on Heatherpoor girl. I scramble off of hernand we hobble back to the car. Once wenarrive in my room I set up the monitors and work on getting the feednfrom the hidden camera. I smile at her, \"Mission accomplished.\" She smilesnback, \"The secret service should totally hire us.\" We're stillnwaiting for it to work. That's funnyit's never taken this longnbefore. Wait, something is definitely wrong here. I groannloudly, \"If they did hire us, we would so be fired. I forgot tonturn the damn thing on.\" She shootsna glare at me. Wow, if looks could kill, I would so be six feetnunder. \"Maybe we weren't meant to interfere after all.\" I raise myneyebrow, \"Oh please, this is just a case of bad luck. We cannfigure out a new plan after we take these tests on Monday.\" Shenlaughs, \"Sounds good to me. So, do ya wanna rent a movie?\" I thinknfor a minute, \"Sure, why not? It's not like we can spy on anyonentonight anyways.\" AN: So ifnyou couldn't tellI'm a major One Tree Hill fan and I had tonincorporate it somehow. Sorry again for it being so long since Inupdated. Comment and review. Until next time.[Chapter 7] AN: I'mnreally really sorry but college and writer's block just don't mixnlol. I'm not exactly sure of my direction anymore. I'm kind ofnjust letting my characters tell the storyoff the top of my headitnjust feels right. Chapter 7 (Beth POV) I wantnher. I want her more and more everyday. I want her so much thatnit's killing me. I think I'm starting to slipI don't knownhow much longer I can pretend. My world has lost it's color andnfood has lost it's taste. She's my world and she doesn't evennknow it. I can't do this anymoreI have to tell her. (Kate POV) Beth'snbeen acting very strange lately but she won't tell me what'snwrong. I think she's trying to distance herself from me,nphysically and emotionally. I'm not going to let it happencan'tnshe see that the more she pushes me away, the tighter I hold on. I'mnso pathetically in love with her that I feel like I'm stuck in somensappy soap opera. I think I'm losing BethI should tell her thentruth even though it could easily end our friendship. But if I'mngoing to lose her regardless, I would rather she know the truth. (Beth POV) I can donthis. She's looking at me like she wants to tell me something butnI have to get this out before she says anything. \"Kate,ncan I ask you something?\" Wait, where am I going with this. \"Yeah.nWhat's up?\" She's giving me a curious yet confused look. \"UmWhatnwould you think if Brooke and Peyton became a couple.\" What? Wherendid that come from? Oh well, thank god for One Tree Hill maybe it cannhelp me out with this one. She givesnme a confused smile, \"Actually, I think they'd make a greatncouple. I mean they're the closest best friends I've ever seennin my life and they understand each other like no one else can. Inthink Breyton could be the next Naley.\" Wowdidn'tnexpect that one but that's amazing. Kate and I are just like Peytonnand Brooke. \"I agree. I believe their love is the stuff ofnlegends.\" Just like ours. She'snsmiling at me and I'm once again captivated. I can't, nor do Inwant to, stop myself from leaning towards her. She looks shocked butnshe's not moving away. \"Kate, I'm about to do something verynstupid so if you don't want me to you better move now.\" Shensurprises me by moving forward and connecting our lips. It startsnoff slow and unsure but soon turns passionate. I run my tongue overnher bottom lip asking for permission which she quickly grants. Anbolt of electricity shoots through both of us as soon as our tonguesnclash. She moans and it drives me over the edge. Her hands grabnonto my hips and she quickly tugs me towards her so I end upnstraddling her. One of my hands is cradling her face while the othernis lost in her blonde curls. She breaksnthe kiss for much needed oxygen but I trail my kisses to her neck. Infind her pulse point and start to suck on it. She throws her headnback and a throaty moan escapes her mouth. I pull away completelynwhen I feel her hands tracing my stomach. We're both breathingnheavily and we rest our heads against one another. \"Wow.\"nThat's all I can say at this pointmy brain is absolute mush. \"Yeahwow.\"nI don't think her brain is working either. \"I'mnin love with you, Kate Spencer.\" I said it. I've never been sonscared in my entire life. She smilesnsoftly, \"I'm in love with you too, Beth.\" (Kate POV) Holy crap,nthis is a lot to take in. First, Beth comes in all nervous and asksnme about Brooke and Peyton being a couple. That one was out of leftnfield but oh well it all worked out in the end because when I toldnher that they belong together I was also talking about us. We bothnknow that we are exactly like Brooke and Peyton. Then my dreams camentrue when she leaned in to kiss me. I was so shocked at first that Indidn't know what to do. Then she told me I should move if I didn'tnwant it. Yeah right, that was the only thing I did want so I leanednin the rest of the way and kissed her. The kiss was amazingthenbest kiss I've ever had and I couldn't stop myself from moaning ancouple times. It got a little out of control which surprisingly, wasnmainly my faultoh well. When Bethntold me she was in love with me, it was the happiest moment of mynlife. I couldn't stop from smiling before quickly telling her thensame. I can't believe that we are actually in love with eachnother. I wonder how Carrie, Heather, and our parents are gonna takenit. Oh well, I don't care. Beth and I are together now, that'snall that matters. AN: Inpromise this was realnot a dream uf04anSorry about the length.short but very juicy lol. I haven'tndecided if I want to end it in the next chapter or continue on. If Instop it now then there are so many possibilities. I could write ansequel or a whole new fic. Or I could start my Brooke and Peytonnone.hmm. What do you guys think? REVIEW Please!![Chapter 8] AN: Wow! It has been FOREVER since I last updated this fic. I'm really sorry about that! I've been distracted with my Breyton fic and I'm even bad about updating that one. This is going to be the final chapter of I Want You To Want Me. ANOTHER AN: There is a sex scene in this. I know some of you are thinking, FINALLY but if that kind of thing bothers you then you can skip it. This is my first time ever writing a sex scene, so take it easy on me. It's probably rated M, but I don't want to change the rating of my whole story. Chapter 8 (No POV) Lori, Heather, and Carrie are all gathered around the kitchen table for an \"emergency meeting.\" Lori clears her throat, \"I have asked you all over here to decide what our next move should be.\" \"First off, where are Kate and Beth?\" Carrie asks, always being the sensible one. \"They're upstairs playing Guitar Hero or Rock Band or whatever the hell it is.\" She waves her hand dismissively. \"I think we should do some kinda intervention. Ya know? Make them own up to their feelings.\" Heather suggests while messing with her cell phone. \"Heather, that's pretty genius. Lori, do you think it will work?\" Carrie says while typing everything that's been discussed during the meeting. \"Well, it about has to. We don't really have another choice. I mean, I'm all out of plans and I think if we just spell it out for them, maybe they'll get the hint. Agreed?\" Lori asks while sticking her hand in the middle of them. The other two girls role their eyes but put their hands in regardless. \"Agreed.\" They both say. They all throw their hands up in their air for good measure. If anyone would have walked in at that moment, it would have looked ridiculous. Unluckily for them, Kate and Beth chose that exact moment to walk into the kitchen. (WARNING: Sex Scene Cue Marvin Gaye's, \"Let's Get It On\" (just kiddingkind of) Without breaking the kiss, Kate starts to back up, pulling Beth towards the bed. When the back of her knees hit the mattress she falls back, bringing the brunette down on top of her. Beth quickly adjusts herself to a more comfortable position. Beth starts to trail kisses from the corner of the blonde's mouth, down to her neck. She begins to suck on Kate's pulse point, making sure that she leaves a mark. \"Mmm Beth,\" Kate moaned as Beth's hand glided up her shirt. Kate leaned forward and discarded her shirt. Beth's eyes lustfully raked over the other girl's body. She pushed Kate back down and latched onto her collar bone while her hands softly kneaded Kate's breasts. Kate groaned and rolled her hips into the brunette's. Beth hissed and thrust hard against the blonde in response. Kate groaned at the contact. Beth kissed down Kate's body, stopping to lick her belly button. She continued lower and looked up at the blonde as she lightly skimmed her tongue above the girl's pants. Kate's eyes fluttered shut and her mouth dropped open, causing a new rush of wetness between the brunette's legs. Beth hastily unbuttoned and dragged Kate's jeans down her body. Beth mentally moaned at the sight of Kate in the matching red bra and boy shorts set that was originally bought to tease John. Kate leaned forward and pealed the brunette's shirt over her head. Beth realized that it would be pretty much impossible for the blonde to get her pants off in this position, so she quickly took them off herself. Kate stared at Beth's body, clad in a matching black lace bra and panty set, with a look of pure hunger. Beth crawled back on top of Kate, \"You are so beautiful.\" The blonde capturing her lips in a heated kiss. Kate opened her mouth and their tongues fought for dominance. The blonde snaked her hand up Beth's back and quickly unclasped her bra. Kate broke the kiss long enough to toss the brunette's bra onto the floor. The brunette gave her a surprised smirk before sliding her hand behind Kate and doing the same. The blonde gave a shy smile before leaning up, allowing Beth to pull it off of her. Beth trailed her kisses down, pausing to lick the mark on the other girl's neck, that she had left earlier. Kate made a noise in the back of her throat, urging the other girl on. The brunette continued down and left light butterfly kisses around Kate's breast. The blonde's breathing picked up and she rolled her hips into Beth's to inform her that she didn't want to be teased. The brunette groaned at the contact and seemed to get the message because she captured the blonde's nipple in her mouth roughly. Kate released a loud moan and reached between their bodies to softly grope the brunette. Beth groaned and grinded into the blonde. Beth pulled back long enough to slide her hands to Kate's boy shorts. She lifted her eyes to the blonde's, silently asking if it was okay. The blonde nodded and lifted her hips, helping the brunette slide them off. Beth's underwear were also thrown to the floor, which had a considerably large amount of clothing littering it. Both of their hands found and softly teased one another. \"I love you,\" Kate whispered with so much emotion that it made Beth's eyes water. \"I love you too,\" Beth said back with just as much emotion. They entered each other at the same time, both at a whole new level of bliss. They began to move faster, matching each other's pace. Their lips crashed together and they roughly started circling each other's clits. They were building, reaching, and clawing for something that they knew only the other girl could give. They both stiffened, then their orgasms washing over them in waves. They tightly clung to each other, whispering each others names. \"Holy shit! That was amazing.\" Beth panted out, trying to get her breathing under control. Kate furiously nodded, \"I was thinking the same thing.\" The girls curled up together and fell into a blissful sleep, finally at peace. (A few hours later) Beth and Kate walk into the kitchen, their hands entwined, fully prepared to tell everyone that they were together. What they didn't expect to see was Lori, Carrie, and Heather all throwing their hands in the air like idiots. \"What are you guys doing?\" Kate asked while trying to keep from laughing. It was a failed attempt when Beth snickered, sending both the girls into a fit of laughter. Heather and Carrie both shot them evil glares. In all of this commotion, the three meddlers failed to notice the two had their hands intertwined. \"Anyways, Beth and I have something to tell you. We're together.\" Beth shot Kate a huge smile. \"Oh for the love of all that is holy! Girls, the mission is off.\" Lori yelled out while throwing her hands in air. \"It's about damn time you two! Can I get back to my social life now?\" Heather said while rolling her eyes. \"I'm glad you two finally see it our way.\" Carrie beamed while closing her laptop and packing up her stuff. \"Wait, what do you mean mission? What in the hell is going on here?\" Beth asked, thoroughly confused. \"Oh please, we've been plotting to get you two together for forever. Like when Beth stayed with us, that was part of the plan. I got your mom in on our mission as well.\" Lori stated with pride. \"Yeah, and the cat noise and hidden camera, that was all Carrie and I.\" Heather stated. \"Hidden camera? And Beth's mom knows? Jeez, did everyone except us know that we liked each other?\" Kate questioned. \"Of course! You guys just needed a push in the right direction and we were all happy to be that forceful shove.\" Carrie stated as if it were obvious. \"Well, we're glad you're together, but Carrie and I should probably take off.\" Heather smiled. \"Absolutely. See you guys at school.\" Carrie said while waving. With that, both girls walked out the door, bickering about who originally said Kate and Beth belonged together. \"On that note, I'm going to run upstairs to my room and call your mom, Beth. Have fun girls.\" Lori said while bolting out of the room, taking the stairs two at a time. Beth turned to Kate, wrapping her arms around her, \"Well, that was definitely a surprise.\" Kate softly rested her forehead against Beth's, \"Yeah, but could we expect much more from them.\" The girls softly kissed each other. Kate broke the kiss, her face suddenly turning pale, \"What did Heather mean when she said hidden camera?\" THE END AN: Whew, it's done! Gotta love happy endings. Thank you guys soooooo much for reading and reviewing! Hopefully, I'll hear from you all when I write a new story! Bye for now. ","Summary":" Title: I Want You To Want Me Author: Clana2009 Disclaimer:n I don't own John Tucker Must Die. And I"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"Both Tuckers","Author":"nikham3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4676841","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kate added the finalntouch to her mascara and smiled at herself in the mirror. She turnednaround and saw Scott standing in the doorway of the dorm she and Bethnshared. In the background she could see Heather and Carrie in theirndorm laughing and talking loud enough for her to hear. \"Ready to go?\"nScott asked. Kate nodded and they held hands on the way to the car.nIt was a windy Thanksgiving Day and they were on their way to thenTucker's house. Ten months later, Kate thought, I can't believe my first real relationship hasnlasted this long. Of course, we've been working hard and there havenbeen a few squabbles, but I'm pretty sure I learned so much fromnthe other Tucker that this one has to be perfect compared to him. Dinner was just beingnserved as Kate and Scott walked in and Mrs. Tucker greeted them whilenshe dished out some stuffing to John. \"Kate! Come in,nsweetie. Let's put some meat on those fragile little bones!\" Mrs.nTucker joked. Kate often wondered hownsuch a sweet, older lady could raise such a pig like John. It justndidn't make sense that this plump little woman could look the othernway as John Tucker brought home slut after slut, night after night.nJohn still lived at home, because well his house is a mansion.nUnlike Scott, who yearned for his sense of independence and freedomnfrom the shadow of his older brother, John enjoyed the dailynpampering of his mother and the huge house. \"Hey Kate. How arenyou?\" John asked. Kate smiled, \"I'mnfine, how are you?\" \"Good,\" he replied.nSomething didn't seem so \"good\" to Kate about him. It was thennshe realized that John did not have a date at the Thanksgiving table.nThere could be two explanations for this: he didn't love any of hisngirlfriends enough to bring them to meet his parents or he didn'tnhave a girlfriend. Kate almost laughed out loud at the latternsuggestion. The meal passed bynquickly. Mr. Tucker led most of the conversation with John aboutnvarious sports teams, the university basketball team, and othernsports subjects. After the meal, Mrs. Tucker led them into the livingnroom where they sat around the TV, watching the football game of thenday. Mrs. Tucker brought in the pies and John and his fatherndiscussed the game in fits of yelling. After finishing hernpie, Kate excused herself from the room to go to the bathroom (mostlynbecause she was paranoid that she still had turkey in her teeth). Asnshe opened the door when she finished using the facilities, she tookna few steps and saw John Tucker coming towards her. She smiled andncontinued walking when she noticed John had stopped. \"Kate, can I talk tonyou?\" Baffled, Kate replied,n\"Um, yes.\" John led her furtherndown the hallway to a library of some sort, probably Mr. Tucker'snoffice or study. \"What's going on?\"nshe asked. \"Kate, I don't knownhow to say this. Remember when we were dating and I asked you to benmy girlfriend? Remember that big speech I gave you about beingnwhipped and such?\" He waited for her to nod and she did. \"Well,nKate, I honestly I can't find love in anyone else. I never toldnyou this, but I'm pretty sure I loved you when we were dating. Inmight even Oh, you're gonna laugh. I might still love you.\" In all, with hisnhesitating and nervousness, Kate felt each word hit her like a punchnto the stomach. In her heart, she always knew something like thisnwould happen. She knew she should've never broken John Tucker'snheart.[Chapter 2] \"Seriously?\" Katenasked, still stunned at John's admission of his love for her. Shendidn't know what to say. Obviously, she was dating his brother andnshe couldn't even imagine loving John Tucker. Maybe she should justnsay that. \"John, I'm datingnyour little brother. How could I tell you I love you?\" Kate asked,nslightly angry. He shouldn't be telling her this at Thanksgiving,nwhile his brother sat unknowingly in an adjacent room. He shouldn'tneven love her! \"I don't know whatnto say,\" John stammered, \"I just, I can't stop thinking aboutnyou.\" \"John, I can't lovenyou, I'm sorry.\" Kate walked out the door of the study withoutnglancing back to see John's heartbroken face. The rest of the nightnwas awkward until Kate and Scott decided it was time to leave. Katenstill found it uncomfortable to talk to Scott in the ride back to herndorm. She desperately wanted to tell him about what John had said tonher but she knew it would only cause conflict. So she rode home innalmost silence and kissed him goodnight as she jumped out of his car. ************************************************************************ After working thenmorning shift at the restaurant, Kate went for a jog, showered, andnfound herself napping on her bed in the dorm she shared with Beth.nKate didn't have any classes so she enjoyed a little free time tonherself. Now she stared in groggy confusion at her ceiling and smilednat her poster of Orlando Bloom she had sloppily taped there the daynshe and Beth moved in. A familiar ringtonenstartled Kate and she reached over to her nightstand for her cellnphone. She flipped it open and sleepily answered, \"H-hello?\" \"Kate? It's John. Inwas just calling to say I'm sorry for springing that news on younyesterday. Do you wanna maybe get some coffee with me and we can talknabout it?\" she heard the older Tucker's voice on the other end. \"Um, John, I don'tnthink that's such a good idea. I don't want to go on a date withnyou.\" \"No, no not a date!\"nJohn hurried to say. \"Kate please, I just need to explain myself tonyou. You know I won't stop bothering you.\" Kate laughed inside hernhead as she remembered his persistence to get that first date withnthe Good Kate. Well, at least that's what she called her alter-ego,nthe one who had broken John's heart. \"Fine, fine, I'llnmeet you at the campus coffeehouse in half an hour,\" Kate agreednhesitantly. True to her word, Katenwalked in the door half an hour later, teeth brushed and wearingncasual jeans and a t-shirt. She ordered a latte and sat at a tablenacross from John Tucker, former captain of her high school basketballnteam. \"Kate, you look songood,\" John blushed a little. \"John, you know Indidn't come here to talk like that.\" He smiled his perfectlynwhite smile. \"Well, ok let's talk then. See Kate, lately I'venjust been reliving last year and wondering what could've been. Inalready was, you know, the man of the year, and I thought younwere the most amazing girl in school and we could've been thengolden couple. Obviously, you're not the girl I got to know butnthat kiss Do you remember that kiss we had on our first date? Innever forgot it. The electric static that came from your lips whatnwas that, by the way?\" Kate giggled, \"An'boob-cam.' The girls pinned a video-camera to me to monitor ourndate.\" It seemed so juvenile now. John laughed, \"Well,nI guess it just made you more special.\" She smiled butnremembered her boyfriend. She couldn't forget about Scott whilenJohn Tucker sat here charming and luring her into his deep dreamyneyes. \"I guess Scott'snlucky to have me,\" she said. \"You have no idea hownlucky he is. Kate, I see you on campus almost everyday and it feelsnlike a high school crush again. Granted, I never really had crushes,nbut I just can't stop thinking about you. I can't stop thinkingnabout our night out on the boat and the way you humiliated me, timenafter time. And yeah, I've dated other girls since you, but none ofnthem have made me happy the way you have.\" \"John, that was thenGood Kate. The Good Kate fell in love with you, and I've fallen innlove with Scott.\" \"But you're thensame person! So you changed yourself a little, but I'm pretty surenI saw beyond that and fell in love with the real Kate. You never evenngave me a chance to meet the real Kate.\" \"The real Kate is innlove with Scott.\" \"I'm in love withnthe real Kate. Please,\" his voice got softer, \"Please let me getnto know you.\" She didn't quite knownwhat happened to her then, but her head got dizzy and John was movingncloser. Or was she moving closer to him? Their lips touched andnstayed together for a few seconds, when Kate finally knew what shenwas doing. She pulled away in a frantic effort to lessen her betrayalnand in the next few seconds she was bolting out the door. Her coffeenmeeting with John Tucker must be forgotten at all costs.[Chapter 3] \"Of course we knownhow charming he is! We all dated him, Kate Spencer!\" Beth shouted. \"Yeah, Kate, he lurednall three of us into his bed and now he's coming back for younbecause he just hasn't uncorked you yet,\" Heather agreed. Carrie joined in,n\"Kate, just forget about him. Forget about that kiss. You havenScott and he loves you more than anything in the world. That's allnthat matters.\" \"You don't thinknthere's any chance that he genuinely loves me and maybe I couldngive him a shot?\" Kate asked. \"Nope!\" Heathernanswered quickly. \"Besides, what arenyou gonna do?\" Carrie continued. \"Option one: Dump Scott and datenJohn, in hopes that he will eventually love you; Option two: Staynwith Scott and only see John at awkward family reunions and dinners;nor option three: date both of them.\" \"Haha, c'mon Katenyou have to agree the second one is the best, you can't just datenboth guys. That's silly,\" Beth laughed. Kate paused, \"Notnthat silly\" \"Seriously?\"nHeather asked. \"Yeah, why not?\" \"Because that wouldnbe dating two brothers!\" Carrie shouted. \"That's some sort ofnincest!\" Kate stood from her bednand walked over to the counter to grab another cookie. As she chewed,nshe thought out her plan. She swallowed and continued, \"Well, it'snnot like a permanent thing. I'm really interested in giving John anchance but I don't want to leave the good thing I have with Scott,neven if it has gotten a little boring\" \"Boring?\" Bethnasked. \"If it's gotten boring, then you need to explore othernoptions!\" Beth was rewarded with a punch to the arm by Carrie. \"That's awful,nBeth!\" Carrie scolded. \"Listen, Kate, you think about it becausenyou know we're all gonna choose Scott's side. Unless you insistnJohn has changed.\" \"He has!\" Katenreplied. \"Well, then justnthink about it and you'll know which option you can choose,\"nHeather said. ************************************************************************ Later that evening,nKate fumbled with her cell phone. She had never had to do this, andnshe knew that her friends were all against her so she was all alonenin this. \"Hello?\" the voicenon the other end said. \"Hey, do you maybenwanna go out tonight?\" she hesitated. \"Of course,\" henreplied. They agreed on when and where, and at 7 pm that night Katenwas seated across from a handsome man and smiling. \"Kate, you truly donlook amazing,\" he smiled. She looked down at hernred strapless dress and smiled. \"So how do you know this place?\"nshe changed the subject. \"It's not exactly the most popular thingnI've seen.\" \"Actually, if younlook around, it's pretty swanky,\" he laughed. \"Plus, I know thenowner.\" He smiled again and she looked into his eyes. Maybe hisnlure was working. Or he did love her. \"And I got us some free wine.nI know, we're underage and such but my dad really knows this guynand he really loves my family.\" She smiled, he reallyndid care. Maybe this wouldn't be too bad right now. \"Hey John,\" shensaid, \"Is it okay if you don't tell Scott about us right now? Inmean, this is just a free trial sort of thing because I don't knownif I'm ready to leave Scott or if I can trust you\" \"Kate, I got it.nLet's just enjoy ourselves.\" The night flew by andnit felt to Kate just like the night on the lake. They laughed andnthey talked and they danced and they laughed some more. Honestly, innthat short hour or so Kate felt like she had known John all her life.nAnd nothing felt different than what it had been before. Maybe thenreal Kate had loved John all along. Or maybe the alcohol had beennsetting in. Again, her heart gotnahead of her mind and the rest was a blur. Yes, the alcohol hadndefinitely set in. When the dizziness innher head settled down, Kate finally opened her eyes. She had expectednthe first thing she would to be Orlando Bloom's curly locks, butnshe didn't see him. She saw a white ceiling. Did Beth take mynposter down? Ok, so Beth doesn't really like Orlando Bloom and shenthinks he's a sissy but that is no excuse to take my poster down innthe middle of the Kate stopped. This isn't my room. It'snnot Scott's room because he has a picture of Cameron Diaz on hisnceiling. Oh goodness. I couldn't have! Kate sat upright in bednand realized she wasn't wearing clothes. I did. She grabbednher red dress off the floor and thanked God it was red and not blacknlike John's heaps of piles on the floor. She quickly put it on,ngrabbed her red clutch and heels and gripped the door handle. Shenfroze when she heard voices downstairs. \"Want some morencoffee?\" Kate heard Mrs. Tucker ask. \"Sure, Mom,\" anfamiliar voice answered. Scott. She whispered a curse. Kate backed into thenroom and closed the door lightly. Trapped. Wait. She remembered thenback door. Scott had told her how happy he was that John had anbalcony door so he didn't have to see all his dates escape throughnthe front door. Balcony. Kate looked around the room and spotted andoor. She hopped over some clothes and swung the door open. But hownwas she going to get home? Shiny keys caught her eye and Katensnatched them out of a pocket of the pants John had been wearing lastnnight, which were now on the floor, without knowing what she wasndoing. No, she knew what she was doing. She was borrowing John'snjeep because she couldn't risk Scott walking into John's room andnseeing her. At least she hadn't brought her own car. Scott would'venseen it right away. That was close, Kate thought. She pulled up to her dorm in John's jeep and breathedna breath of relief. ************************************************************************ Ok, if you're gonnanadd me to your story alert and favorite story and whatnot, could younplease review? Tell me to update or something. It hurts my feelingsnwhen I get like five story + alerts and only like two reviews :([Chapter 4] Dear my wonderfulnreaders, I realize it has been anlong long long time since I've updated. Every time I received annemail with a review I had this sudden urge to upload my story but Inwas always on a different computer than the ones my prewrittenndocuments were on. Yeah that's right, prewritten. I remember anwhile ago I wrote all the chapters in one weekend and saved them sonbasically I know how it's going to end and such Well, keepnreviewing and that will make me want to update more. (Also, tennreviews for one chapter?! You guys are awesome!) Love, Your truly gratefulnwriter. P.S. I've beennwatching the first season of Desperate Housewives where JessenMetcalfe plays a teenage boy named John so it's difficult not tonconfuse him with the John in this story. Well, have a good read. \"Holy jamma lammanKate!\" Carrie exclaimed as Kate walked into the dorm. Kate hadnthought she escaped the terrible situation but it had only justnbegun. She looked down at her wrinkled red dress and looked up at hernfriends. Her face was evidently distressed and Heather jumped up fromnher seat on the floor of the small dorm. \"He didn't\"n(She whispered now) \"date-rape you, did he?\" Heather asked,nconcerned. \"No,\" Kate sighed,n\"Let me explain! I wanted to go on a perfectly harmless date andnIthere was wine and dancing and laughing I just didn'tnknow what I had done.\" \"Gosh, Kate,\" Bethnlaughed, \"You've become me!\" Carrie giggled andnturned to Kate, \"But you didn't like it did you?\" Kate paused. Of coursenshe didn't really remember it. But she didn't wake up angry ornsad. In fact, she woke up pretty happy now that she thought about it.nDid that mean she really did like being with John? \"I don't know,nmaybe.\" \"So which Tucker?\"nHeather demanded. Kate thought. So shenhad an amazing date with John. She had had amazing dates with Scottnbefore. So they had slept together (Kate still wasn't convinced itnwas a total accident). She had slept with Scott of course. But it wasna matter of love in the end, wasn't it? She had thought she lovednScott but lately, she was thinking her time with him had come to annend. No, of course she hadn't been thinking that. That was JohnnTucker getting in her head. But maybe she loved John? No, shencouldn't tell that from one date. Easy solution: another date withnJohn. \"I have to go onnanother date with him.\" \"Seriously? You knownthis is just gonna get worse the more you keep it going,\" Carriensaid. \"This is a hugendecision. I can't just wake up and decide I love one of these guys!nI might end up marrying one!\" \"Well, you're gonnanhave to talk to someone who knows them both better,\" Beth saidnseriously. \"Who's that?\"nHeather asked. \"Mother Tucker,\"nCarrie answered. ************************************************************************ Kate had called Johnnand made sure he wasn't home. She also knew Scott was in hisnchemistry class. So Mrs. Tucker was home presumably alone and safe tontalk to. \"Ok, come pick me upnin about half an hour,\" Kate told Heather, explaining she had tonreturn John's jeep. So there she stood onnthe Tuckers' doorstep for the third time in the last few days. Thendoor opened a minute or two later and Mrs. Tucker's face made Katensmile. Kate may be a slut, but Mrs. Tucker would always accept her. \"Kate, darling, comenin let's have some coffee.\" So there they sat a fewnminutes later in the kitchen in complete silence as Mrs. Tuckernprepared two warm mugs. \"Now Scott isn'tnhere sweetie or is it John you're looking for?\" Mrs. Tuckernsaid sweetly but Kate knew it was a cut directed towards her. \"You know?\" \"Bunny, nothingnhappens in this house I do not know about. You don't think I sawnyou and John drunkenly running up the stairs last night? Or how aboutnthis morning when I saw you all cuddled up next to my big boy as Inattempted to clean his room? (As you can see, my attempts are innvain.)\" She laughed. Kate put her mug down.nShe really felt like she let this woman down. \"How could you be sonnice to me then?\" \"Now I already likednyou the moment I met you Katie, and I thought you were perfect for mynbaby boy, so I guess I just love you like the daughter I never had.nBut honey, John is so attractive that Scott's had his heart brokennby his little girlfriends before. I remember the very first time itnhappened in fourth grade when Scott's girlfriend (Kimberly, Inbelieve her name was) had given a valentine to John instead of him.nHe was crushed but in the years to come John had stolen sixth-gradenBarbara, eighth-grade Haley, tenth-grade Sarah, and just before henmet you John took twelfth-grade Anna. I didn't love any of thosengirls as much as I love you dearie, but I certainly know that younhave a reason for two-timing my boys.\" Kate sighed, \"Mrs.nTucker, I love Scott but things are just dimming down. I mean Insuppose you feel that way with Mr. Tucker seeing as you two hardlynsay a few words to each other, I mean if I could say that. No offensenor anything.\" \"None taken, Mr.nTucker and I have our differences.\" \"But I still lovenScott and I don't want to lose him. And John came to me the othernday and told me he still loved me and one thing led to another andnone drunken mistake\" \"Oh darling how donyou think I met Mr. Tucker?!\" Mrs. Tucker put her mug down andngestured with her arms the following. \"Baby, I was so sick of men Infound myself downtown and drunk as a hobo. Mr. Tucker comes upnholding his sobriety in one hand and a beer in the other. Well let'snjust say he dropped that sobriety and held onto the liquor. Nextnthing I know we're getting married by little men dressed in alienncostumes and a year or so later I realize I could've done worse.\" \"But there was nevernany love?\" \"No, darling ofncourse there's love. The way Robert and I were living at the time,nthere was no way we would've found someone on our own. This may benan oxymoron, but I guess God wanted us to get drunk and find our ownndestiny.\" \"So what are yountelling me to do?\" Kate asked. A sudden thought hit her. Why amnI not discussing this with my own mother? Oh yeah, becausenshe's probably still in bed with last night's date even thoughnit's three in the afternoon. Kate remembered the night hernmother had \"sent Skip home.\" Well, Skip managed to find his waynback and now Ms. Spencer managed to find a different Skip every daynit seemed. Mrs. Tucker is like the mother I never had, Katenfelt sorry for herself. \"Honey, you don'tnworry about love right now. Love will find you when it's right.\" \"But I can't justnkeep dating both of them until I figure out which one I love,\" Katenprotested. \"Okay, you wantnsomething simple? When you find yourself in someone's arms and younfeel yourself wanting to be in the others', that's when you'llnknow who to choose,\" Mrs. Tucker got up to put her mug in thendishwasher and Kate felt her talk was over. She got up, said herngoodbyes and looked out front to see Heather pull up in her car, justnin time.[Chapter 5] Sorry for getting yournhopes up on a new chapter But every time I get annew review in my inbox it kills me a little bit. My laptop isncurrently dismantled as my dad is trying to repair it and he justnneeds to wait for a part to come in the mail. All of my documents toncontinue this story are on that laptop. But I have them written,nwhich is the good part. So as soon as I get my laptop up and runningnI'll post the new chapter and I hope you won't be disappointednwith it. Thanks to everyone who has reviewed because it makes menhappy to see so many people like my story and continue to read it. Inlike my story too. And I think I've forgotten how it ended. So keepnyour fingers crossed that that part comes soon.[Chapter 6] Well, my laptop is broken and i finally transferred documents onto the family PC. I have all the chapters prewritten so i can update regularly now. So enjoy your well deserved chapter. And review :) Love, Author. haha. She felt nauseous. She literally felt sick to the stomach. Okay, so maybe that's a little melodramatic but Kate knew she was queasy. Two months had gone by and she'd been seeing John and Scott regularly. Her one year anniversary with Scott was tonight. He was coming any moment now. Kate could hardly believe it had been three hundred and sixty-five days since she went on her first completely unromantic date with Scott. They had gone to the movies and they hadn't even held hands. Of course it seemed unromantic compared to John's expensive boat night. She didn't care if she ended up with either of them, Kate knew she would reference every date to that perfect night on the water. Knock at the door. Kate quickly jumped from her computer desk and fixed her wavy hair one last time, pushing the bangs a little behind her ear. She checked her mascara and smoothed down her navy blue halter dress with the fake silver stones set in a circle around the area where the halter attached to the dress. She glided over to the dorm door in her small silver heels and opened to see a pretty nice looking Scott standing with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. Kate thanked him for the flowers and quickly put them in a vase. Then they walked to the car and Kate looked out the window in silence. She had hung out with John that day, while Scott was in class. They had done a little homework and mainly talked. She was fully convinced that John had changed. Even John Tucker couldn't fake the way he casually carried a conversation without hitting on her or without eyeing another woman, even when they were sitting in the campus quad. Their meeting remained unromantic, for Kate's sake just in case one of Scott's friends were watching, and for John's sake because he didn't want to lose her by moving too fast. \"Oh I never thanked you for taking off with my car after our date,\" John said sarcastically without looking up from his algebra book. Kate giggled, \"Well, I could've just walked the five miles back to the campus in my red heels which I found out I had broken in our mad dash to your bedroom.\" John looked up from his book. \"What?\" \"Oh my gosh, you don't know.\" \"What?\" he repeated, pressing for information. \"Well I guess it makes sense, you probably thought you just slept naked,\" Kate rambled. \"John, we had sex.\" \"Oh, that's why you took my jeep?\" John asked. \"But you were gone before I woke up. And Scott was there that morning\" Kate explained her escape and he laughed. \"Kate, I'm sorry I honestly didn't mean for that date to turn into something like that. Honestly, I'm not just interested in your body.\" \"Well it didn't seem like you were.\" \"No, Kate, I really do love you. And I'll wait for you to love me back if that's what you choose.\" He seemed so casual about it. Not the sort of casual where it seemed like he just didn't care. The casual where he actually respected her and her terrifying decision. The car came to a slow stop in a compact parking place and Kate looked over at Scott. They got out of the car and walked into the restaurant. The same restaurant she had been in with John. He seemed to know she was thinking about the restaurant. \"I've never been here before but I guess my dad knows the owner well,\" Scott said, smiling. As soon as she entered the host called out to her, \"Ma'am so nice to see you again!\" Scott looked at her, \"You've been here before?\" \"Yeah,\" she laughed nervously, \"Just me and Carrie on a lunch date.\" The meal went by rather smoothly and she enjoyed the food again. No wine to wash it down with this time, but Kate figured she might need to stay away from alcohol for a little bit. They spent the meal in conversation, talking about their classes, their families, their friends, but never about each other. Well, once he mentioned how nice it was that they were still together after a year. Oh I wish I could tell him. Most of all Kate was nervous that he would say he loved her but he didn't mention it. She was relieved because she still wasn't sure what her response would be. After dinner, Scott had the idea that they should go on a romantic drive around town. They could look at all the places they've been and places they want to go. Kate agreed it was a cute idea. So an hour later, it was about ten o'clock and they got back in the car after taking a picture on a park bench in the park where they had first kissed. So the whole date had gone by smoothly, but Kate still felt that knot in her stomach like she had to throw up the truth all over Scott's nicely upholstered car. And all she could think about was how ashamed she would be to ruin the inside of his car, metaphorically. So they sat there for a while, parked, and talking. Then they started kissing and as soon as he wrapped his arms around her, Kate knew who she was supposed to be with.[Chapter 7] Well, it's only been about eight months since I updated last. I'm so sorry guys I haven't even been thinking about the story lately. But here's the second-to-last chapter and I think it's worth the wait. Keep reviewing and nagging me through emails and I'll update the last chapter soon. Thanks for sticking with me. Sincerely, Your super lame author. She felt his cold, scrawny arms on her back and she imagined John's huge, strong arms there instead. She loved the way John would hold her so tight it felt like she couldn't breathe. Mrs. Tucker's words flooded her mind, at first whispering. But the more she ignored them, the louder they got and Kate couldn't ignore them anymore. \"When you find yourself in someone's arms and you feel yourself wanting to be in the others', that's when you'll know who to choose.\" \"Do you wanna go back to my dorm?\" Scott whispered. Kate stared at him and tried to lie. \"I would love to but I just remembered I have an essay due tomorrow that I am not nearly finished with.\" Scott looked hurt. \"I'm sorry, I'm so so sorry,\" Kate said as she picked up her purse and opened the car door. \"Hon, it's okay, it's just a paper. Here let me drive you back to your dorm,\" he recovered. Little did he know, she was apologizing for much more. \"No, it's okay, I need to walk to start thinking about my paper in my head,\" Kate lied again. She stepped away in her heels thinking of what she needed to say. Luckily, they had parked only a little bit away from the Tucker home and Kate could walk there quickly. As she came up the street, she got so excited that she took off her heels and started running. She had to tell him, she had to tell him now. She walked around to the backyard and up the balcony stairs. She opened the door with a burst in all her excited energy and saw John jump as he sat there on his bed watching SportsCenter. \"Kate, are you ok?\" he asked, standing. \"Yes, John, I'm finally okay. I've finally realized who I want to be with,\" she said, out of breath. She could almost see him sweating. \"John, I want to be with you . I love you .\" As soon as she said the words John's face turned from distress to joy and he scooped her up in a hug. They hugged for probably a minute or so before he let her go. \"Kate, I love you.\" She kissed him and they spent all night cuddling each other and enjoying the love they had. She hadn't planned on it, but she fell asleep in John's arms, in her navy blue dress. When she woke up, Kate pried herself from John's arms and made her way to the bathroom adjoining his room. When she stepped out she decided to see if Mrs. Tucker was available to talk to. She heard Scott's voice downstairs. Her natural instinct told her to freeze. But Kate knew what she had to do. She took the stairs step by step in her bare feet. As she reached the bottom steps she stopped and sat on them. \"Mom, I don't understand,\" Scott said. \"Honey, I don't know what to tell you,\" the mother said. \"Well she's never made up an imaginary essay to get out of coming over to my place before. Do you think it's over?\" \"I don't know, darling, that's up to you two.\" \"Mom, I love her but these last few months have been, well, boring.\" \"How so?\" \"I don't know, maybe we've just fallen out of love.\" \"Are you sure you two were ever in love?\" \"I'm pretty sure.\" \"Well you kids throw love and hate around so much these days that us old folks don't even know anymore.\" He laughed, \"I don't know, Mom. Maybe we never were in love.\" \"Well I think we were,\" Kate said, emerging from her spot on the stairs. \"Kate, what are you doing herewearing the dress you were wearing last night?\" Scott asked. Mrs. Tucker stood up from her seat, \"Oh, we, uh, we just let her stay the night since her car broke down so close to here\" she began to lie. \"Mrs. Tucker, it's fine,\" Kate stopped her. \"Scott I have to talk to you.\" Mrs. Tucker left the room and Kate sat in the chair across from Scott. \"What's going on Kate?\" \"Scott, there's no easy way to say this. I could tell you that this last year has been fun, because it really has. You've saved me from so much (fights with my mom and my friends), and I really can't thank you enough for protecting me and showing me love. But you know how you can love something for so long and all of the sudden you're just you can't love it anymore? Like my mom, I loved her for eighteen years and I suppose I still do but I couldn't take that lifestyle anymore. I had run that course long enough and I was ready to move on. Well, Scott, I guess we could apply that to our love. I mean I thought I was crazy when I first realized that we might be over, but now hearing you admit it too I'm thinking I might be normal.\" \"I agree,\" he nodded. Kate continued, \"So we're both agreed that we're done?\" He nodded. \"Because I have something to tell you.\" She started with John's admission at Thanksgiving and worked her way up to talking with his mother. \"My mother knew?\" Scott asked, surprised. Kate nodded, \"Well, that's not the worst part either.\" She hadn't told him about sleeping with John yet. So she did and she explained to him how much of an accident it had been at the time. \"You, you slept with my brother? \" he accused. His eyes swelled up with water, and she took his hand and explained how it was such an accident and he hadn't even known about it. I wish this could be easier, Kate thought to herself. He cried for a few minutes and Kate herself could feel a few tears working their way past her mascara that was still on from last night. \"So what, you just slept with him last night? That's why you lied to me?\" Scott asked, apparently furious at her. Kate shook her head and felt a tear drop onto her cheek, \"I didn't sleep with him last night, I promise. Scott I know this is hard, I I can't imagine what it's like from your end. This has happened to you so many times before and I just can't I can't make this easier. I've thought about this for such a long time and I didn't even think waking up yesterday morning that I would be breaking your heart today.\" Scott took his hand from hers and sat there silent for a while. \"Scott? Are you okay?\" Kate asked after a few minutes. He shook his head and stood from his seat. He headed toward the direction of the stairs and Kate didn't even think about it for a moment. All she could think about were the good times she had had with Scott and what she was jeopardizing those for. She heard a yell from upstairs and bounced from her chair and ran to John's room. There Scott stood with his hand repeatedly moving into John's face. Scott was punching John! Kate screamed and Scott turned around to see her. Tears still streamed down his face and John took the moment to get him from behind. Before she knew it, Scott was gasping for air in a wrestling position with John. Scott broke from the position and ran down the stairs and Kate stood there crying. John let Scott leave and looked up to see Kate. He immediately held her in a gentle hug and Kate told him how she had broken the news to him. \"I assumed so,\" John said softly, \"My scrawny little brother doesn't usually attempt to hurt me.\" He had a black eye from the impact of the first punch or two, but John seemed un-phased by the wrestling. Kate looked at John's eyes and saw past the already purplish bruising of the right one. He smiled at her and Kate couldn't help but falling in love with him every time he smiled. Yes, this definitely felt right. This was definitely the one she was meant to be with. Their drunken mistake had turned into love, just like Mr. and Mrs. Tucker. You didn't think I would leave you on that lame cliff-hanger did you? Nope. There's a nice little resolution chapter coming up.[Chapter 8] Last chapter! Sorry for keeping you hanging again :( Kate took her first step onto the grass. Here she was, two years after the Scott and John incident taking baby steps again. Each step in her head represented a different memory in the past few years. One. Scott hadn't talked to her for six weeks after the break-up. It was heart-wrenching but she knew she made the right choice. Two. Her mother had died from chronic hepatitis B. Of course, she got it as an STD, but she had been stubborn enough not to get the right treatments and had died in the few months after the incident. Of course Kate was sad, but she knew it would happen eventually. Three. Beth had a pregnancy scare and swore off being with men until she was married. It lasted a month. Four. John moved out into an apartment closer to the campus. He loved his parents but he definitely needed freedom and he really enjoyed having his own space. Five. Heather finally earned a spot on the university cheer squad. After months of hard workouts, she made her way into the pyramid. Six. Carrie finished her children's book and made a small fortune. It was a super cute story about the sun and how it had to stay so far away from its friends. Kate would've bought it herself. Seven. John had proposed. He bought the most beautiful ring and it fit perfectly. Of course she had accepted and that was the best night of her life. Eight. Heather fell for a handsome quarterback. No surprise there. He was nice, too. Nine. John got to start in a game on the university basketball team. He scored so many baskets the coach let him keep starting. He ultimately broke records, being the first sophomore to score so many points in a season. Ten. Kate was getting married. Here. Right now. In fact, she was just approaching the altar now. One tearful ceremony later, John kissed the bride. Kate felt all eyes on her, as they should be (it is her wedding day, after all). She couldn't help but feel happy. She knew that just two years ago she was sure she was going to marry Scott. They seemed so perfect together but there just wasn't anything there in the end, and Kate felt like she picked the right man. She finally ended up having a mother. Through the death of hers, Kate found comfort in Mrs. Tucker most of all and as of today was able to call her mother-in-law. She also looked over to John's side of the room and saw Scott standing next to the other groomsmen. As if on cue, he walked over to talk to her and John continued to mingle with others in the room. \"Hey Kate, can you believe that two years ago I was standing there next to you and not way over there?\" he joked. It was funny how something so serious had turned into the biggest casual joke between them. She laughed, \"And can you believe two years ago that was me, cursing because I couldn't fit my feet into my shoes?\" She pointed over to Scott's girlfriend, Tara. Tara was pregnant but she had already graduated. \"Oh you wish,\" Scott laughed. Scott walked away and Kate turned around to see her three best friends ready to hug her. \"I'm so proud, you didn't run away!\" Beth laughed. \"See, I told you we didn't need to get her stilettos!\" Carrie joined in mocking her. Kate had had cold feet before the wedding, but now she had no regrets. Heather smiled, \"Kate this is happiness. You've got some struggles coming up, but you and John were meant to be together and that's all you need right there. I hope Aaron and I end up like you two.\" Kate hugged her again, \"So this is the end. I don't have to worry about dates and boyfriends anymore. I've got my husband and my best friends, and my new mother. I'm finished.\" \"Lucky,\" Beth muttered. They laughed and Kate saw John across the room waving at her. She waved back and looked around the room. Most of the occupants of the room were John's friends and family but Kate appreciated every one of them. They had all in some way influenced her decision to take the best Tucker. I love John Tucker. ","Summary":" Kate added the finalntouch to her mascara and smiled at herself in the mirror. She turnednaround an"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"By Grabthar's Hammer, You Shall be Avenged","Author":"Sewnata","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11266526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] By Grabthar's Hammer You Shall be Avenged D isclaimer: I don't own anybody! Darn it! Chapter 1 \"Where's the happy ending, Jason?\" Alex mocked hopelessly, as rammed his friend into the wall. \"Never give up, never surrender?\" \"Maybe it's about time you backed off, you fin-headed monstrosity.\" Jason bit back. \"Besides you're starting to act like you did in episode 17, you scene stealing hack!\" He gave his companion a quick wink. \"Oh, right!\" Alex realized, as he pushed Jason into the air-lock. \"Well, how does it feel, Jason? Was it worth it? You've murdered us all, just because you want to play commander!\" The two sparred a moment, just as one of Sarris's guards tried to break up the fight, by aiming his gun at the men. \"Jason, look out!\" Alex screamed, hurling himself at the tortoise shelled guard. There was a flash of light, and Alex stumbled a bit, but was able to throttle the offending guard. \"How. .\" He murmured, as he forced his adversary into the air-lock. The crew cheered silently, as Fred pressed a button, opening the doors. \"That door was a little stuck, I'll get some of my guys down here, with a can of WD-40.\" Fred joked, his eyebrows furrowing, as he noticed Alex limping towards them, his arms wrapped about his chest. \"Hey Alex, are you doing okay back there?\" Alex nodded slightly, as he collapsed to the floor in a heap, the breath catching in his throat. \"Alex!\" Gwen shouted, kneeling down next to him, giving him a full examination. She glanced up at Jason. \"I'm afraid he's been shot, Jason. It must have been when he saved you from that guard.\" She assessed, trying to keep her emotions in check. \"Shouldn't I be pressing down on the wound, or something? That's kind of the technique to use, isn't it?\" Jason heaved a deep sigh. \"Alexander? Alex, can you hear me?\" He prodded, a smile of relief creasing his face as Alex nodded comprehendingly. \"We're going to try to get you to the medical quarters. Just hang on!\" Jason reassured. \"Don't worry, Gwen, I'll take care of this.\" \"Oh, sure you are. Only to get caught by those guards again. And who will save you all then, Jason? Hmm?\" Alex replied scornfully, his face going dead white. He started to shiver noticeably. \"I'll escort you.\" A Thermian voice[E1] murmured coolly, as Quellek stepped out of the shadows, a metal device clutched in his hands. He glanced at Alex pityingly. \"Don't worry, I won't let you down, Dr.!\" Alex gave a small smile. \"I know you won't, Quellek. Just get me out of here, it bloody hurts!\" He winced, as Jason grabbed him by the feet, allowing the alien to grip his mentor's arms. \"Ow! Don't touch me!\" Alex pleaded. \"I'll get in touch with Laliaria, and have her come to the medical quarters straight- away!\" Gwen shouted, over the computer's dis-satisfied noises. \"Once you're all safe, Jason and I will take care of the neutron reactor! And Tommy, you'd better got practice drive this craft! I don't want Alex jostled around too much in operation!\" Tommy nodded reluctantly. \"Sure, sure.\" [E1]ur[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"You don't think we can pull this off, do you Jason?\" Gwen asked anxiously, still unsure. She glanced back at the door of the medical quarters. \"I mean, Doctor Teirell did say that he had to keep Alex in a temporary hibernation state, until he's able to collect the blood required to do a transfusion. And he's not even sure it'll work in this altitudeit's just nuts! And what about the neutron reactor? I haven't taken a course, and I doubt you have either.\" Jason gave her a reassuring smile. \"No. But I know someone who does. Once we get that figured out, and all of Sarris's guards ejected off of this ship, we'll only have to deal with Sarrisand I have my own ideas for how to do that. Don't worry, Gwen everything'll be fine.\" \"Yeah? But who are you gonna get? It's not like the Thermian's know anything, especially since we're trying to save them from suffocation, and you don't think any of our friends on earth would believe the story, do you?\" Gwen gave her friend a quick glance, as he stopped in the hall-way, pulling out his Thermian communicator. \"You know that kid, from the comic-con the other day? The one with all the persistent questions? I have a feeling, that he and his friends, can help get us out of this mess.\" Jason huffed, aiming a few well-aimed shots at one of Sarris's guards that was stupid enough to stray into his path. \"Hello? Is anybody there? Listen, I think we switched communicator's the other day, buddy. I remember you from the Comic Con the other day, when you asked all those questions. D'you remember?\" The boy on the other end gave a soft hiccup. \"Yeah, and I've got to say, I'm not a complete brain-case. But where are the rest of the crew? What's happened?\" Jason heaved a deep sigh. \"I can't really explain much right now, son. But I'm afraid that Alex is out of the picture at the moment. Now, if you could give us the directions the neutron reactor, I think everything will be just fine.\" xxx Doctor Tierrel peered out into space, with a worried frown on his usually calm demeanor. He glanced down at the clip-board in his hand, and made a few marks with a pencil. \"Is anything wrong, Doctor?\" Quellek murmured anxiously, looking particularly downcast. \"I-I am not sure, Quellek. Dr. Lazarus's skills are much greater than mine, but I am afraid that he may need what they call a blood transfusion very soon. The hibernation drug has the effect of wearing off, at certain intervalsEarth is our last hope. But still, there is the danger of Sarris shooting any escape capsule that we deploy. Dr. Lazarus's condition is not a good one. Unless one of the crew, is willing to lend him they're own blood, there is very little hope.\" Tierrel lamented. Quellek gazed at his \"mentor's\" pale face under the thin film of the glass hibernation capsule. \"He is my friend, and my mentor. I can't leave such a man, who has single handedly saved many lives, the\" He stopped short, as the door to the medical quarters were beaten down, allowing Sarris and his escort entrance. He gave Doctor Tierrel and nervous smile. \"Ipthar save us.\" He whispered, as Sarris's men quickly overpowered them, de-spite the lasers that were flying about. \"No one can save you now.\" Sarris sneered in Quellek's face. \"Not even the commander. Once he learns that I have you, and a fellow crew member in my custody, he will crumble like an old stone wall. Now, enough time for pleasantries later. Lt. Lathe, take care of this Capsule would you? I want to show Dr. Lazarus the commodities of our fine ship.\" Sarris ordered.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"You're sure this is the button?\" Jason hissed over the communicator, staring at the out-standing blue button sticking up from the pedestal. \"I mean, it looks really uncomplicated.\" Brandon shrugged. \"Look, things like that were always happening in the show. Don't worry, no-one's gonna blow up, the timer ends at 1 secondthat's the way it is, isn't it? But what about Dr. Lazarus, is he doing okay? Those laser guns can be pretty mean sometimes.\" He asked, with obvious and genuine concern. Jason shook his head. \"I don't know. I put him in Doctor Teirell's custody. I trust in his skillsbut I guess it's about time for a check-up anyway.\" Jason turned quickly, to see Laliaria and Fred standing behind him. \"What?\" Laliaria bowed stiffly. \"Sir, you're presence is needed in the control room. Sarris demand's an audience with yourself, and the other crew members. He is in a strangely good mood. The crew is afraid sir, of what his intentions are.\" \"Don't worry, I'm coming. I just need to check-up on Alex, first.\" Jason gave Laliaria a nice smile, enough to match her own fake looking one. \"T-that's the thing, Jason. Alex isn't back at the medical quarters, leaving Quellek unhurt. We just found Dr. Teirell lying on the floor, shot through with a laser gunit's a bit of a mess, really.\" Fred stated calmly, di-spite a certain sense of urgency in his manner. \"What?\" \"Just what the Tech Sergeant said. Dr. Lazarus has gone missing. We found Doctor Tierrel in the hallway, along with Quellek. Although Sarris has done a lot of damage and killed the Doctor along with several nurses, Quellek was unhurt. He told us that Dr. Lazarus was taken out of the hibernation chamber, and somehow digitized onto the Falcon. Although Thermian technology is advanced, they haven't yet been able to create a portable model. \" Laliaria added, bowing her head sadly. \"So, what do we do now, Jason? Is this another 'Never give up, never surrender' type situation?\" Gwen asked nervously. The crew turned, as Guy snuck up, looking pleased. \"I freed the Thermians. They seemed pretty pleased, really.\" He blinked, as he noticed all the long faces. \"What?\" Jason shook his head, and turned back to Laliaria. \"I'll talk to Sarris now. We're going to have to reach a negotiation soon, or Alex's gonna die. The guy needs blood, and from the way things have been looking, we don't have it on this ship. Just, put me back on with him, I'm sure we can come to some sort of agreement.\" He promised. xxx Alex groaned, as he felt something cold running along his forehead. He pushed against the ties that bound him to the large tortoise shell beneath him. \"Keep still, Dr. Lazarus. This is the best treatment for such a wound as yours. I am amazed that you have held on to life this long, if you don't mind my saying so. Dr. Tierrel must have kept you in a hibernation state for quite some time.\" A voice whispered in his ear warmly. Alex opened his eyes slowly, wincing as someone shone a pen-light into his eyes. \"Look, I don't know who you are, but could you quite possibly not inflict searing pain on my eyes at the moment! I'm contemplating my death scene.\" He murmured moodily. The voice laughed. The pen-light went out, and a more steady-glow covered the area. \"You are still strong, Doctor, di-spite your wounds. I am afraid that General Rot-'h'-har won't allow you to live much longer. If the Commander refuses to hand over the Omega 13, Rot-'h'-har definitely won't allow you to leave this ship alive.\" Alex peered at the stranger, a woman with dark brown hair wrapped around her head in braids. She gave him a friendly smile, warmer than any Thermian could've given. \"If it's not too much trouble to ask, who are you?\" He stuttered out. The effects of the hibernation drug were starting to wear off, it was getting harder and harder to talk. The woman gave a soft giggle. \"My name is Itaynia, I am an old friend of the Thermians. I blow up ships for a living, and keep clear of the wreckage, to tell the tale. Mathesar recruited me years ago, since my brother is a Thermian himself.\" Alex stared. \"But whatI mean, why didn't Mathesar tell us that he had everything under controlweugh.\" He leaned his head back against the tortoise-shell, and took in a deep-breath. \"I need a blood transfusion.\" Itaynia patted him on the shoulder. \"Don't worry, Doctor. We'll have you fixed up in no time. The ability of my kind, and the underground Thermians is that our technology is much greater than those of my own dear uncle's. I may not be able to make you feel much better, but you will have blood.\" She promised, starting to untie his bonds.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"Would you like to see what we have done with your friend?\" Rot-'h'-har asked cruelly, quickly noting the look of rage that came into Jason's eyes as he spotted the villain. Jason nodded slowly, trying his best not to look away from the screen. He'd been through this much, he could at least.he paused mid-stare. Alex lay flat on a rather over-sized looking tortoise-shell, his face deadly-white. Although he obviously had had some sort of medical procedure done (seeing as there was no new blood collected on his uniform), he was still in a state of shock. His body cringed, and jerked against the ties that bound him, as Sarris's guards landed hard smacks to his stomach and chest area with their electrocuted sticks. Jason ran his hands across his face, a feeling of cold terror making his spine tingle. He could feel General Rot-'h'-har laughing at him, but he couldn't help it. He glanced back at the screen. \"Look Sarris, I'll wrap the Omega 13 in a box for you, okay? And this time, it's for real. Justgive me a second to collect it, okay?\" He cringed as Rot-'h'-har gave him something that resembled a smile. He slumped against the chair, as the screen went blank. He barely looked up, as Gwen placed a comforting hand on his arm. \"Are you sure this is what you want to do, Jason? I mean, isn't there some other way?\" Gwen asked shakily, the torture scene still fresh in her mind. She grabbed hold of Jason's hand and squeezed it. Jason nodded slowly. \"Yeah, there's one way out. If I can get Fred to digitize Alex off of the Falcon. I'm just worried that he'll end up inside out, and then we'd be even worse off. I'm just not sure.\" xxx Alex moaned, as the jerking and jostling of the Falcon pulled against the new sutures Itaynia had sewed him up with. \"I'm glad to see you're awake, Doctor. I was afraid that the drugs I gave you would wear off. Sarris can be quiet cruel when he has a mind to. Are you feeling alright?\" Itaynia asked sympathetically, prodding at the sutures and applying a good dose of healing oils to the spot. \"Not much better. My legs feel un-usable, so do my armsbut other than that, I feel fine.\" Alex said matter-of-factly, giving his friend a reassuring smile. \"We've set the charges, and are planning on detonation any time now. If you feel well enough, I can digitize you back on the NSEA Protector, if you'd like?\" Itaynia gave her patient a warm smile. \"Unfortunately, your species doesn't have the abilities to change shape, but perhaps that is more fortunate. Sarris does not deal kindly with people with that ability. He uses it as an advantage, to gain more information.\" Alex nodded numbly. \"Yes, I've seen it. But I'm not going back to the Protector without you, and your crew.\" He stated flatly, considering what he'd said not only to be common courtesy, butfor some reason that he could not understandhe too had fallen for one of the alien species. And she seemed to know it. \"Don't worry. Although I cannot come with you on your flight, my compatriots and I shall step foot onto the Protector, once we have detonated the Falcon.\" \"Alright. But if I find out that you've gone and tried to play heroinethenthen by Grabthar's Hammer, you shall be avenged.\" Alex responded comfortingly, patting her shoulder. ","Summary":" By Grabthar's Hammer You Shall be Avenged D isclaimer: I don't own anybody! Darn it! Chapter 1 \"Wh"},{"Movie":"John Tucker Must Die","Title":"The Butterfly's Shadow","Author":"theatrics","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4874080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This will be my first (and most likely only, haha) full-length story. This story is completely AU (alternate universe). Basically, it would be easiest if you forget that the movie even exists, as this is as though it never happened. That said, enjoy! As always, this is dedicated to my beautiful, perfect, and amazing girlfriend, Tracy. I love you with all that I am, my darling, and I always, always will. This is for you. \"Kate!\" Lori Spencer called her daughter's name from downstairs. \"You're going to be late.\" \"I'm never late!\" Kate countered, with a good-natured roll of her eyes. It was her first day at Forest Hills High School, and she already had an hour to spare. The school was a mere ten minutes from her house. Kate was hardly worried. Snatching up her backpack, she slung it absentmindedly over her shoulder, and then emerged from her room, shutting the door behind her. Kate thumped down the stairs, her mind at complete ease at the idea of attending another high school. \"I'm ready, Mom,\" Kate smiled to her mother and shook her head, as she reached for an apple from the bowl in the center of the kitchen table. \"It's your first day,\" Lori began, beaming. \"Ready to give 'em the ol' Spencer charm?\" She teased affectionately, as she rubbed her daughter's back with her hand. \"Mom,\" Kate laughed softly. \"I've done this so many times. I doubt there's any of that 'ol' Spencer charm' left.\" \"Oh, yeah?\" Lori grinned. \"I don't think so. Where do you think you get your looks from, huh?\" She winked as she cleaned off a plate beneath the running water of the sink. Kate groaned playfully and took a bite out of her fresh, red apple. \"Can we please not go down this road again?\" She echoed her mother's grin. \"I'd really like to get to school on time.\" \"Kate Emily Spencer, are you saying I'm conceited?\" Lori feigned disbelief and hurt. \"No,\" Kate shook her head, smiling all the while. \"Of course not.\" The two shared a laugh, and then talked idly while Kate finished off her apple. \"So, what classes are you taking, again?\" Lori wondered distractedly. \"Mom,\" Kate chuckled. \"we've been through this.\" \"Yeah, I know,\" She smiled. \"I just can't believe you're seventeen already.\" \"I just turned seventeen, Mom.\" \"But, now you're almost eighteen!\" \"Please don't get all,\" She wiggled her fingers, forming air-quotes. \" sentimental . I don't think I can handle it, Mom. It's way too early.\" \"Okay, okay,\" Lori chuckled and shook her head. There was silence for a moment as Kate tossed her apple core into the nearby waste bin. She looked up toward her mother, blinking. Lori merely smiled. \"Hey, kiddo,\" She grinned and wrapped her arm around her daughter warmly. \"Have a good day, okay? No picking fights on your first day. Deal?\" Kate smiled, returning the hug that her mother offered. \"I'll do my best,\" She nodded and snatched her makeshift handbag from the kitchen counter. \"Later, Mom!\" Kate called the words as she slipped out the front door. \"'Bye, honey.\" It was first block U.S. Governmentone of Kate's least favorite classes. It was a complete and total bore. The idea of discussing how the government worked hardly provided her mind any stimulus whatsoever. \"Kate Spencer,\" Mrs. Johnson sounded irritated as she called on her student. \"I'm glad that your first day with us has brought with it such rousing festivities,\" She pushed her glasses down on the bridge of her nose. \"Would you care to join us?\" \"I-I I'm really sorry, Mrs. Johnson,\" Kate mumbled awkwardly, her cheeks hot with embarrassment. All eyes were on her. She wanted to sink into her seat and just fade away. However, after the initial giggles and smirks passed, Kate found herself back to her typical state of outward indifference. Silently steadying her swiftly beating heart, she glanced around, curious about the rest of the class. They appeared equally bored. Most were texting or mouthing various things to each other. Kate cleared her throat softly, and then brushed her fingers through her blond hair. Suddenly she felt at a loss. She was senior now. Never before had she been forced to go to a new school where it was her final year of attendance. How was she supposed to bond with anyone when she was a wayward senior, anyway? Her eyes clumsily fell on the form of a brunette across the room, scribbling away with a light-up pen on her loose leaf paper. Tilting her head slightly, she watched her, bored, before the girl abruptly glanced up and caught Kate's awkward gaze. Immediately, Kate looked away, afraid of the girl's reaction. Though, after a moment, when Kate side-glanced the nameless girl again, she was back to doodling. Sighing, Kate began to tap the eraser-end of her pencil against the top of her desk. Pursing her lips, she exhaled heavily, completely unaware that her teacher was standing mere inches from her desk. \" Miss Spencer ,\" The teacher called sharply, her eyes blazing directly through Kate. Snapping to attention immediately, Kate stared at her teacher, wide-eyed and open-mouthed. \"S-sorry! I just I\" \"I do hope that this will not become a habit, Miss Spencer.\" \"N-no no, Mrs. Johnson! I just I'm Your lesson is so intense!\" Kate blurted the words out while her ill-intentioned classmates looked on and snickered. Mrs. Johnson quirked one of her eyebrows. \"Really, Miss Spencer? Because I haven't even begun. We were reading aloud from the handbook, as I'm sure you know is customary at every school on the first day.\" \"I, ah\" \"Oh, excuse me. I had almost forgotten that you were new,\" Mrs. Johnson narrowed her eyes. \"Let me show you how a student is disciplined when they refuse to pay attention in my class.\" \"Mrs. Johnson,\" A husky, unfamiliar voice spoke up, causing every head to turn. It was that same girl who had caught Kate's gaze beforethe one who had been scribbling something or another on her paper. \"What is it, Bethany?\" Kate blinked her eyes curiously. She certainly didn't look like a Bethany . \"It's Beth,\" She supplied tightly, her exterior completely confident; Kate envied her. \"She's new. Don't write her up on her first day.\" \"Miss Davis, I hardly see why it's any business of yours what types of discipline I practice in my classroom.\" Kate watched as Beth pursed her lips, obviously biting back a more jagged retort. \"It's not her fault that she's totally bored,\" Beth replied evenly. The rest of the class erupted into laughter and sneers. Kate felt her face grow hot again. She hated thinking that all of this confrontation was because of her . \"Miss Davis, do you wish to join Miss Spencer in after-school detention?\" Mrs. Johnson fumed, her eyes narrowed to aggravated slits. \"Anything to get me out of this snooze fest, Mrs. J. I'm completely bored out of my mind, too, you know,\" Beth offered her matter-of-factly, with a dramatic exhale. \"Bethany Davis! You have just earned both you and Miss Spencer a trip to after-school detention,\" Mrs. Johnson barked her decision as she stomped back toward her desk for two yellow pieces of paper for the write-up slips. \"I wasn't even going to punish Miss Spencer that severely, but given that you have such a big mouth on you, I suppose I don't have a choice.\" The class snickered while Kate watched Beth roll her eyes. Kate wasn't sure what sort of reputation that this Beth girl had, but it didn't look to be very good, at least with her classmates. After Mrs. Johnson had finished their write-ups, she slammed one on Kate's desk, and then one on Beth's. Kate cringed, feeling very small again. She wasn't sure how she felt about being dragged down by this complete stranger. She reasoned that she was only trying to help, but, still, Kate hated to think that this would go on her virtually stainless record. Beth simply grinned charmingly up at her teacher. Kate glanced up timidly, and then looked over to Beth. At that instant, they caught each other's gaze again, and Beth winked at her, before glancing away, her lips parted slightly in a soundless chuckle. Kate's eyes darted away as she sunk down into her seat. She could only imagine what detention with this girl was going to be like. Hesitantly venturing into the library, Kate clutched her notebooks to her chest. Glancing around, she realized that she was the first (and only ) one present. Running her tongue over her lips self-consciously, she pulled out her chair, and then slid into it. Taking out her pencil, she flipped open her notebook and began writing down nothing in particular. \"Well, hey there.\" Kate jumped, her heart pounding in her chest. Beth ? How had she not seen or heard her before? Emerging from the nearby bookcases, Beth grinned. \"Did I scare you?\" She giggleda giggle that was both husky and quite feminine. \"Sorry. I was just looking around. Never knew this school had a library!\" Kate smiled awkwardly to her and nodded. There was no sense in being sarcastic. \"Yeah\" Kate maintained the smile, despite herself. Beth watched her silently for a moment, her gaze thoughtful. \"You know, Mrs. J probably won't mess up your record, right?\" Beth continued to grina trademark of hers nowas she turned her back to Kate and investigated the bookcases nearest her. \"She knows you're a good kid.\" \"Yeah, I ah\" \"What's your name, again?\" Beth interrupted her suddenly, turning around. \"Kate. It's Kate,\" The blonde watched Beth with uncertain eyes. She was getting strange vibes from this girl; although, she wasn't sure what to call her hunches. \"Oh, right !\" Beth moved over to the table that Kate was sitting at and perched on top of it, completely oblivious to the fact that she was wearing an extraordinarily short, blue-jean miniskirt. Kate felt a hot blush rise in her cheeks for the other girl. \"I'm Beth. Beth Davis,\" She recited her name matter-of-factly, though Kate already knew it. Kate nodded her head, suddenly unsure of how to respond. She wasn't very social; her wording was almost always awkward; and she couldn't help but withdraw when the opportunity to bond with others arose. She just felt so out of place. \"You aren't mad, are you?\" Beth asked, out of nowhere, jarring Kate from her thoughts. \"Mad?\" Kate blinked, confused. \"About what?\" \"Me getting you detention.\" \"Oh,\" Kate didn't want to say anything. In all honesty, she was at least happy to think that someone was trying to stand up for her. \"No,\" She shook her head, feeling strangely pleased when Beth's face lit up with a smile. \"No. I'm not.\" \"Cool,\" Beth smiled again and nodded, as she crossed one of her legs over the other. \"So, you're new, right?\" Kate nodded. \"Where are you from?\" \"Well, I my mom and I move a lot,\" Kate swallowed, her throat dry. \"I'm originally from Illinois.\" Beth was silent, though only for a few seconds. \"That sounds right,\" The brunette smirked. \"You're way too boring and quiet to be from anywhere else!\" She laughed and spun around to face Kate, her knees dangerously close to Kate's own legs. Kate furrowed her eyebrows, her face hot with sudden annoyance. This Beth girl was certainly assertive and brash. She didn't seem to care whether or not she was offending anyone. \"Anyway,\" Beth went on. \"What do you do for fun?\" Kate blinked once again. She wasn't sure why she was being grilled with so many useless questions; yet, at the same time, she wasn't one to be rude, either. \"I listen to music,\" She offered reluctantly. \"That's all?\" Beth sounded surprised. \"Well, I did just move here\" \"I know, but\" Beth trailed off. Kate could tell that she was thumbing through possible responses. \"Oh, whatever. It doesn't matter anyway.\" She shrugged. Kate exhaled. This was going to be a long dose of detention. \"Am I bothering you?\" Beth wondered, after a moment. It caught Kate off-guard, but she recovered quickly. \"Uh,\" She stammered. \"No. No I was just reading.\" Beth nodded, digesting the thought. \"Oh, okay.\" There was silence between the two of them for several moments following the premature termination of the conversation. Kate's face felt hot when she realized that Beth was watching her; her skin crawled with awkwardness. Kate cleared her throat casually, snapping Beth from her vigilant state. \"So, what classes are you taking? Forest Hills has so much going on, especially for seniors!\" Beth grinned. Kate already knew this, but she didn't bother to interject the thought. \"AP Calculus, AP Chemistry, AP English\" \" All AP's?!\" Beth gasped. \"There's no AP Gym, is there?\" Kate withheld a smirk. Beth ran her tongue over her lips in protest. \"Well, uh\" \"Joking.\" For the first time, Kate thought that she saw Beth's confident exterior falter. It was odd, but she felt sort of accomplished because of it. \"I knew that,\" Beth mumbled carelessly before tossing her head aside slightly, sending her tight, brown curls all about. She paused, debating whether or not it was even worth it to continue talking with Kate. It was only a moment, though, before she quickly relented. \"When do you have Gym?\" The underlying urgency in her voice was scarcely traceable, but, somehow, Kate found herself noticing. \"Fifth block on B-Day.\" \"Me too !\" Beth rounded on herself as she realized how enthusiastic she sounded. Swallowing, she cleared her throat. \"I what teacher do you have?\" \"Coach Williams?\" Kate was afraid of Beth's intentions. \"Ooooh!\" She trilled, her usually husky voice rising considerably in pitch. \"We have Gym together, too!\" Kate willed a tiny smile. How was she supposed to act? Beth's kindness was admirable and sweet, but she was a bit too straightforward. \"It'll be so fun,\" Beth decided for her, smiling. \"I hate Gym, but it'll be much better now.\" Kate tensed subconsciously. Something about that statement made her visibly uncomfortable. \"Kate, you'll learn to love it here,\" Beth continued, entirely unfazed by the blonde's silence. \"We have great clubs. I'm the leader of the Vegetarian Club,\" She proclaimed proudly. \"It was the closest we could get to Veganism.\" Beth sighed. Kate nodded politely. Beth's appearance suddenly made sense. She was very retro and almost hippie-esque with her outfits. \"You should come to one of the meetings!\" Ripped from her thoughts, Kate stared up at the brunette, open-mouthed. \"I-I, uh\" \"Oh, come on , Kate! It'll be so much fun. Please ! We have twenty members already. They'd love to meet you!\" Beth looked on at her hopefully, her eyes gleaming with excitement and something elsesomething unreadable and more intentional. \"Beth, I don't know if that's really something I\" \"Look,\" Beth began, sounding falsely diplomatic. \"Just come to one meeting,\" She compromised, tucking her hair behind her ears. \"If you don't like it, then you don't have to come again.\" Kate sighed. Sure, that sounded fair enough, but she honestly didn't want to get involved in clubs on her first day. It was that, and she loved eating meat. It was horrible that they tortured the animals like they did, but she couldn't help herself. It felt almost sinful to attend a meeting with die-hard Vegan/Vegetarian activists. \"All right,\" The words slipped from her lips before she even had a chance to retrieve them. Beth squealed with happiness and threw her arms around Kate, practically choking the air out of her. Kate awkwardly pat her on the back, hoping to God that Beth's skirt didn't suddenly fly open from her abrupt movements. \"Great!\" Beth appeared strangely relieved; Kate quirked an eyebrow, but said nothing. \"It's directly after school tomorrow,\" She began, reaching for her large purse to collect that same pen she was using earlier in Government. Without asking for permission, she began to write something on the back of Kate's hand. \"We meet every Tuesday and Thursday,\" Beth soon finished writing and clicked her pen. Offering Kate a charming smile, she pursed her lips. Kate returned the smile, though significantly tighter and more ill-at-ease. \"I promise we're not scary,\" Beth grinned and brushed her fingertips over Kate's nearest hand encouragingly. Kate flinched and drew her hand back slightly, though it appeared casual. \"Yeah,\" Kate's voice was small and taut. \"Thanks for the invite.\" Beth nodded and glanced at the clock on the wall suddenly. \"Oh, shit!\" She erupted into giggles. \"Sweetie, we should've been out of here ten minutes ago!\" Beth leapt off the tabletop and bent down to get her backpack. Kate tensed, unable to tear her eyes away from Beth's skirt, which was creeping up her thighs at a threatening pace. Tearing her eyes away immediately, she reasoned that she shouldn't be looking. Beth might think she was weird or creepy, even though Kate thought she was simply looking out for the other girl's best interest. \"See you later,\" Beth spoke smoothly, smiling over her shoulder to Kate. \"Nice meeting you, Kate.\" Kate nodded her head, her mouth dry again. \"Yeah,\" She choked out the word. \"It was nice to meet you, too Beth.\" Beth was gone a second later, leaving Kate alone to gather her things, as well as her thoughts. She couldn't shake the weird feeling that remained with her. It was bizarre that someone was taking so much interest in her now when she had been invisible all of her life. She didn't understand. Kate slid her backpack's straps onto her shoulders and blinked. Her eyes had caught something on her hand: Beth's writing. Lifting her hand somewhat, she narrowed her eyes, both confused and surprised at what she saw. Written in perfectly girly and neat handwriting was far more information than Kate thought Beth needed to give for a club meeting. It was that, or Kate was reading way too much into this. Meeting tom. / Rm 221 A / 206-122-1007 Beth had left someone's phone number. Kate reread the handwriting, and then looked away, perplexed. Whose number was that? Or, rather, who was she supposed to call? She exhaled heavily and shook her head before heading toward the library door. She supposed that she would find out tomorrow, if ever.[Chapter 2] Thank you to everyone who viewed and also reviewed the story! :) Here's chapter two for you. Beth stood still, her eyes surveying a piece of paper in her hand. She allowed her gaze to linger for another moment before neatly folding it and stuffing it into her pocket. \"Beth?\" A girl spoke her name evenly, causing Beth's green eyes to glance up sharply, somewhat alarmed. \"Oh,\" Beth breathed and smiled slightly. \"Hey, Riley.\" \"Are we going to start this meeting yet, or what?\" Riley raised an eyebrow, indicating the other sixteen people in the room. Beth blinked her eyes. \"I invited someone.\" Suddenly, the room perked up. It was rare that they ever had any new members or visitors. The Vegetarian Club certainly wasn't the most popular club in the school, for obvious reasons. \"Really?\" One boy asked, sitting himself more upright. \"Who?\" Another girl wondered. \"Another Veggie?\" A girl chimed in, her accent sporting an obnoxious twang. Beth wanted to cringe, but she held her own. Truthfully, she hadn't even bothered to ask Kate whether or not she was a Vegetarian. She was just so desperate to get her before anyone else influenced her. Knowing how this school worked, Beth was one-hundred percent positive that another group or clique would've snatched Kate up within seconds had she not intervened. Oddly enough, Beth wasn't prepared to allow that to happen. \"Well?\" Riley raised her voice, to snap Beth back to attention. \"She, uh\" At that moment, there was a rapping sound on the door. Beth was infinitely grateful. Smiling dismissively to the group of furiously curious teens, she began toward the door. Her heart froze briefly in her chest as she reached for the doorknob and flung the door open. It was Kate. She had actually shown up! Beth was shocked, to say the very least. \"Kate,\" Beth's grin was quickly manifesting on her soft features. \"Glad you could make it.\" Kate appeared nervous, which only made Beth grin even more. \"Yeah,\" She nodded, swallowing. \"Sorry I'm late. I kind of got lost.\" Beth giggled and shook her head, moving aside to let the other girl in. The other club members were craning their necks intensely, trying to get a peek of their newest potential member. \"Don't worry about it,\" Beth shelved the notion and shrugged. \"You're here now.\" Kate nodded gratefully, yet anxiously, and then slowly made her way into the room. Beth could tell that she was very uncomfortable. She knew that she would have to go out of her way to make Kate feel more welcome. After all, she was currently under the heated gaze of some of the school's most tensely extroverted students. These were the kids that attended protests and rallies several times a week. \"Guys,\" Beth began, her stiffly diplomatic voice sounding again. \"This is Kate\" She trailed off, realizing that she had forgotten Kate's last name already. Grinning somewhat awkwardly, she side-glanced Kate who twitched her lips upward uneasily. \"Spencer,\" Kate muttered softly. \"Kate Spencer!\" Beth larked, laughing in order to ease the silence. \"Yes, this is Kate Spencer. She's not only visiting for the first time today, but she's also new to Forest Hills, too. So,\" Her eyes flashed abruptly. \"play nice, or else.\" A few of the members laughed, while others nodded understandingly. They clearly felt sorry for Kate, though Beth couldn't necessarily place why. Beth glanced over to Kate, and then motioned over toward two empty seats. \"Come on,\" She said, her voice soft. \"Sit.\" As she spoke, Beth curled her fingers around Kate's wrist, causing the blond-haired girl to flinch slightly. Beth ignored her standoffish response and simply led her over to the chairs. Sitting at the head of the group, Beth pressed her knees together, always subconsciously aware of her tempting choice of dress. Once Kate sat down next to her, Beth cleared her throat, summoning everyone's attention. As soon as all (or, at least, most) eyes were on her, the brunette opened her mouth to speak at last. \"Welcome,\" She sounded poised, and Beth was thoroughly pleased with herself when she felt Kate's gaze warming on her skin. \"It's been a good week, huh?\" Beth asked rhetorically, causing several of the others to laugh and nodding knowingly. \"That PETA protest went over awesomely , if I do say so myself.\" \"Yeah!\" Riley spoke up. \"I think KFC is finally starting to learn their lesson.\" \"Not fast enough,\" One girl hissed. \"They're still serving that disgusting food.\" \"You can't change everything in one night, Trixie,\" Beth commented regrettably. \"It should just be common sense!\" Trixie retorted, crossing her arms over her chest. Beth nodded and quickly let her eyes brush over Kate. She looked rigid and considerably nervous. Kate's eyes were darting around tensely, and her hands were curled tightly in her lap. Beth frowned somewhat, and then moved her gaze back to the group. \"So,\" Beth allowed the group to simmer down before she continued. \"Kate,\" The blonde jerked to attention. \"Why don't you tell us something about yourself?\" She prompted gently. Kate ran her tongue over her lips, and, for a moment, Beth worried that she would give in to her nerves.\"I was born in Illinois,\" Kate presented lamely. Beth wished she could reach out and place a comforting hand on Kate's knee; however, there were massive blockades in her way from doing such a thing. \"I live with my mom\" Kate trailed off and glanced over to Beth expectantly. Beth nodded reassuringly to her and offered her a smile. \"I work at Brio as\" \"You what ?!\" Riley and several others shrieked. Beth's body tightened. Kate looked frantic; Beth was certain that she had no idea that she had even said anything wrong. \"You work at that that slaughterhouse?!\" Riley demanded, her eyes ablaze with fury. Kate instantly recoiled. \"Riles,\" Beth addressed her calmly. \"Calm down. It's okay.\" \"No, Beth, it isn't!\" Riley barked, her eyes narrowing furiously. \"You invited that animal-murderer to this club! You are always bringing these stupid strays\" \"Riley!\" Beth growled the girl's name, causing her to stop her tirade. \"Kate's talking,\" She told her threateningly. \"Be quiet , and let her finish.\" Riley grumbled irritably and looked away. Beth rolled her eyes, and then looked over to Kate. \"Sorry,\" She mumbled, as she crossed her legs again. \"Go ahead.\" Kate hesitated. Beth didn't blame her. She had just been torn to pieces within seconds of her first introduction. Natalie, a red-haired girl, spoke guardedly. \"What's your favorite place to eat?\" Kate pursed her lips and thought for a moment. \"Well, I don't really know any places around here,\" She admitted with a shrug. \"I really like pizza.\" The room was thick with silence again. Beth frowned to herself; guilt crawled beneath her skin. She hated that her own club had turned on Kate. Sighing heavily, she was about to interject when Riley interrupted her. \"Let me guess,\" Riley started bitterly. \"Extra meat and extra cheese, right?\" Her eyes were dark with anger. \"Beth, just send her out. She doesn't belong here,\" She locked her eyes with Beth's. \"I think you knew that all along.\" The challenge made Beth's blood boil with rage. She had no right to assume that, even if it was true. Beth had never asked Kate of her food preferences, but what did that matter? She wanted to extend her hand to Kate, to properly welcome her. She owed her, essentially. Narrowing her eyes defiantly, Beth purposefully took Kate by the hand and stood. \"Trixie,\" She address the dark-haired girl from before. \"Take over. I'll be right back.\" Riley shot Beth a vicious glare, to which Beth merely turned her head away, Kate's hand still cradled in hers, and walked away. Once they were outside the room, Beth shut the door behind them and reluctantly let go of Kate's hand. \"Look\" Beth chose her words carefully, her eyes rounding with sympathy. \"I'm really sorry about them. They're very\" \"Brutal?\" Kate offered her, obviously offended by how she had been attacked. Beth nodded cautiously in forced understanding. \"Yeah,\" Beth's eyes locked with Kate's, though only for a moment. \"I guess I should've asked how you felt about coming to this, huh?\" Kate was silent for several seconds. Her eyes were intense and full of a sentiment that Beth couldn't place her finger on. She was afraid, all of sudden, that Kate would round on her with anger and frustration. \"No,\" Kate shook her head, sighing. \"No, it's not your fault. You were just,\" She paused, visibly unsure of what she was trying to say. \"trying to be nice.\" Beth frowned and clasped her hands together in front of her waist, against her skirt. \"Kate,\" The girl's name lingered in the air for a moment. Beth was then found herself feeling at a loss for words. There was literally nothing she could say to apologizenothing worthwhile, anyway. \"I'm sorry. Riley, she I hate that she treated you like that. I don't want you to think that I--\" Beth stopped short. What was she trying to say? Kate was looking up at her with interest. \"She's a bitch,\" Beth stated soon after, shocked when she noticed that Kate looked dissatisfied. \"But, she's a bit nicer once you get to know her.\" \"I'm sure she is,\" Kate said flatly. Beth watched as Kate collected her nerve right before her eyes. \"Beth, thank you for the invitation and everything, but I don't think this is for me. I'm sorry.\" Though Kate sounded genuinely regretful, Beth still felt a stab of embarrassment and disappointment in the pit of her stomach. She had put herself out there for this girl, trying to help her fit in more, and her plans had failed. Whether or not her plot had been filled with selfish intent didn't even matter anymore. Beth felt a certain pang of aggravation now. She had thought Kate would have at least felt somewhat welcome by her offer, but it had appeared as though it had produced the opposite effect. \"I'm sorry to hear that,\" Beth replied sadly, not even bothering to hide her discontent. \"Thanks for coming, anyway.\" Beth watched her with furrowed eyebrows, her arms over her chest. She looked on as Kate's pretty face produced a frown, as well. It appeared as though regret was dulling her evocatively blue eyes. Beth had to glance away to keep herself from feeling anymore empathy for her. She didn't want to get too attached. It was obvious their budding friendship was meeting a premature demise. Kate nodded uncertainly and tugged at her own shirttail. Her tongue traced over her lips apprehensively. \"I'll see you in class still right?\" The blonde asked, a tangible edge of hope in her voice. Beth couldn't say she was surprised. In spite of their lack of reasons for sustaining a relationship, Beth was the first person that had even given Kate the time of day. Beth had become her enchanting godmother of sorts--something that Beth did not want to be for her in the slightest. \"Well, yeah,\" Beth managed a small grin. There was no need to continue this conversation; it was getting nowhere fast. \"See you later, Kate.\" She lifted her right hand in a tiny, unceremonious wave. Outwardly taken aback by Beth's dismissal, Kate nodded, smiled politely, and then walked past her. Beth watched her leave, completely powerless. Her efforts had been thwarted. No matter how drawn she had been to Kate, she had lost her chance. Now she would be seized and devoured by the rest of the student body while Beth looked on helplessly. At the very least, Beth had wanted to befriend her. She needed a pleasant escape from the repetition of her daily life. Kate had seemed like a perfect release. Though, she had made a grave mistake. She had come on too strong too quickly, rendering both sides at a stalemate. There were no moves and no more chances at redemption. That is \"Kate!\" Beth called the other girl's name loudly, her arms falling to her sides. Kate had managed to get halfway down the hallway. Kate turned around sharply. \"Yeah?\" She replied, her voice soft. Beth moved slowly toward her, keeping a fair distance between them even after she had stopped. \"I was wondering\" Beth's fingertips curled against her own thighs. \"Let me make up for this whole thing,\" She gushed, desperate to hold Kate's attention and interest. \"Would you maybe like to go to a rally with me tomorrow?\" It was all Beth knew to do; she had to fix this. Kate looked pensive, her eyebrows creased against her forehead and her gaze balanced on Beth. \"Beth, I don't think\" \"Please,\" The word slipped from Beth's mouth, more reckless than she had originally intended. \"I want to make it up to you, Kate. I want you to see that we're not all bad.\" \"I wish I could, Beth,\" Kate replied honestly. \"I'm just not passionate about that kind of stuff. I wouldn't feel right.\" Beth was thankful for Kate's honesty, but, seriously, it wasn't about her being passionate about the same things that Beth was: it was about getting to know one another, about neither of them having to spend more time alone than necessary. \"Kate, that's not important,\" Beth reasoned, taking a small step toward her. Kate, however, stepped back. \"I'm sorry,\" Kate spoke meekly. Beth's shoulders slumped. There went her last chance, out the window. \"Uhm,\" She exhaled heavily and glanced aside for a second before looking back toward Kate. \"It's okay,\" She raised her hand dismissively. \"Yeah. I get it.\" Kate nodded, her outer appearance more than just a tad awkward. Beth began to wonder if this whole situation had even gotten to Kate at all. \"See you,\" Beth muttered pointlessly, before turning her back to Kate. She wasn't about to stick her neck out there again for her anytime soon. For the first time in her life, her pride had been damaged. Beth had always been confident, in-control, and at ease. And then Kate Spencer came along and knocked her straight to the ground, right off her high-horse. Beth knew that this was a lost chance that she would later fully regret.[Chapter 3] Here's an extra long chapter for all of you to enjoy! Thank you for all of your kind words and reviews. I appreciate every view and review very much. :) Kate didn't even bother to look back after Beth had turned and disappeared back into the meeting room. Instead, she kept on, her hands grasping onto her arms self-consciously. Honestly, she felt horrible. The lost and frustrated look in Beth's eyes made her feel immeasurably guilty. Even Kate knew that all Beth wanted was to welcome her to Forest Hills, to perhaps be her friend. Kate wasn't sure, though. Beth's intentions always seemed to be shrouded in mystery. She had come on strong, practically requiring her to attend this meeting, only to be gunned down for saying all the wrong things. She had only showed up because she liked the idea of making friends. Beth seemed so cool and confident; she wanted to be around people like that. In essence, she wanted to feed off Beth's charisma. She felt drawn to her. It was a shame that things didn't wind up better than they did. Kate found herself wishing that she had agreed to attend that rally, or whatever it was, with Beth. At least then she wouldn't go straight home after school, doing nothing. Sighing in annoyance, Kate glanced up. She was nearing the library now. Gazing past the glass, she was surprised to see someone inside. It was a short-haired blonde girl, busily typing on her laptop. However, as if on cue, the girl within the library looked up from her work, catching Kate's stare. Feeling embarrassed and flustered, Kate looked away and continued walking. A moment later, the library door creaked open, causing Kate to look up once more. \"Hey!\" The short-haired girl called out to Kate, waving one of her hands to get her attention. \"Can you come here for a second?\" Kate blinked, but then walked over to her. \"Hi,\" The girl from inside the library smiled and nodded her head shrewdly. \"I'm Carrie Schaefer,\" Carrie extended her hand. \"I was wondering if I could borrow you for an interview? I run the school's TV station.\" Kate shook Carrie's hand and sported a slight, courteous smile. \"Uhm\" She wasn't sure. Something about being on the school's morning TV show didn't appeal to her. The last thing she wanted was for people that she didn't even know to judge her without her even knowing. \"Sure I guess.\" Kate cursed her intense desire to feel apart of something. \"Great!\" Carrie exclaimed excitedly, as she grabbed Kate by the arm and led her swiftly inside the library. \"I'll just set up the camera, and we'll be good to go.\" Kate nodded her head, surprised by Carrie's rushed behavior. \"So, where'd you come from?\" Carrie wondered, as she took out her camera and began prepping it. \"Most people are usually gone by now.\" Clearing her throat slightly, Kate cringed as she recalled what had just happened. \"Uhm, actually I was checking out the Vegetarian Club.\" Carrie stifled a laugh. \"You're a Vegetarian?\" \"No,\" Kate shook her head and placed her hands awkwardly on her hips. \"The leader of the club invited me. She's in my Government class and Gym class.\" \"Beth Davis, right?\" Carrie's voice was positively sarcastic. Kate wondered why. \"Yeah\" Kate remarked uncertainly. \"I wouldn't be surprised if she invited you so she could sleep with you.\" Kate's heart practically leapt from her chest. What in the world was this girl even talking about? Suddenly very embarrassed, Kate's eyes darted around before landing on Carrie once again. \"What do you mean?\" She asked, afraid of the answer. \"What are you new?\" Carrie asked, astonished. \"Well, yeah\" \"Of course you are,\" Carrie corrected herself and nodded. \"I haven't ever seen you before, and I know everyone .\" Kate smiled tightly, her lips twitching somewhat. \"Anyway,\" Carrie continued. \" Everyone knows Beth is bisexual,\" She held Kate's gaze. \"She's dating this one girl from her club, but everyone just thinks the Vegetarian Club takes turns sleeping with each other, like some, big harem, or something,\" She shrugged. Kate's mouth had fallen agape. She had no idea. Yet, at the same time, she felt a certain amount of anger inside of her. Carrie had no shame; she probably didn't even know Beth personally, and yet she was passing judgment. \"Uh, you know what\" Kate began, irritation radiating off her in waves. \"I actually have somewhere I have to be,\" She pressed her lips tightly together and narrowed her eyes challengingly. \"Can we do this some other time?\" Carrie had since looked up, her eyes burning holes into Kate. She had virtually finished readying her camera at this point. Sighing, there was honestly nothing Carrie could do. Kate smirked inwardly in satisfaction. It served her right. \"Sure,\" Carrie mumbled, exasperated. \"What's your name?\" She took out a pen and a notepad. \"Kate Spencer.\" \"Got it,\" Carrie's voice was flat and aggravated. \"I'll catch up with you sometime within the next few days, all right?\" \"Sure,\" Kate shrugged her shoulders, and then began toward the door. \"Sorry.\" She tossed the apology over to Carrie lightly, abruptly uncaring to how 'big' of an inconvenience she had caused the other girl. Kate didn't care. She hadn't appreciated Carrie's passing judgment of Beth at all. Although, admittedly, Kate was extremely shocked. Never had she thought that Beth was well, bisexual . She began to wonder if perhaps that was where Beth's intentions laid. Exiting the library, Kate summoned her car keys from her purse, and then began down the hallway. She felt curious, yet satisfied. Perhaps the guilt of denying Beth's offer wouldn't lie on her heart for too much longer. The following day, Beth found herself feeling incredibly foolish and guilt-ridden. She didn't want Kate to feel uncomfortable around her. In fact, she wanted the opposite. All Beth wanted was Kate's friendship. Sure, Kate was gorgeous and adorable, but Beth knew what she could, at the moment, realistically shoot for. That morning in Government, Beth kept her gaze to herself, despite how desperately she wanted to see how Kate was. Was she angry? Was she all right? Beth wasn't sure. Biting her bottom lip, she swallowed nervously, mentally kicking herself for getting so upset over someone she had just met two days before. She had never cared so much about forging a friendship before Kate. Suddenly, it mattered; everything mattered. Beth tapped the end of her pen against her desk and frowned. There were no group projects today. The teacher had just planned on lecturing them and giving them individual work. Needless to say, Beth wasn't too happy about that. Heaving a quiet, annoyed sigh, she painfully tore her eyes away from the teacher's overhead notes and glanced over to Kate. She was obediently scribbling down the notes, much to Beth's disappointment. Rolling her eyes, Beth debated her options: a.) toss a pencil and hope it hits Kate lightly in the head, b.) whisper loudly to get her attention, c.) wait until class was over to talk to her, or d.) attempt all of the above. Beth smirked as she decided to go with the obvious choice: selection A . Readying herself, she prepared to launch her pretty, pink pencil at Kate's head. Just as her arm pulled back, aimed and ready, the loudspeaker chimed in: \"Just a reminder: This school year's prospective student council members will meet after school in Ms. Clarkson's room. New students who received the green invitation slips are especially requested to attend. Thank you.\" Blinking, Beth peered curiously at Kate's desk. Much to her surprise and pleasure, a folded piece of green paper was tucked between the pages of one of her writing journals. Perfect! The brunette grinned and folded her hands in her lap. Kate was indirectly making this way too easy for her. Beth had come to the 'wise' conclusion that this was the perfect way to reconcile with Kate. She would show up in a situation in which Kate was comfortable, and then show her that all of her intentions were pure. Beth was flexible, after all. All she had to do was show Kate that she was approachable, that she wasn't some spiteful bitch out to get her. Beth nodded to herself and continued to smile. Her heart thumped rapidly in her chest. She was eager to prove herself. After the final bell of the day had chimed, Kate was excited to get to the Student Council meeting. She had been a Student Council Representative at her last school, and it had been right up her alley. It was no surprise that she wanted to check out Forest Hills' program, also. Kate had received the invitation from Carrie Schaefer. Regardless of Carrie's stance toward Beth, she was inclined to attend. Besides, it would keep Kate's mind off the troublesome brunette. She still felt incredibly remorseful about denying Beth's invitation the other day, in spite of the brief lapse of time. As Kate walked into the room, she was surprised to see a large group of people packed into the smaller classroom. There were at least thirty in attendance. Carrie was there, as well, and glanced up as soon as Kate entered the room. \"Hey!\" She called out, making it very plain to Kate that she didn't remember her name on the spot. \"Glad you could make it.\" Kate merely nodded and sat down at a desk near the front of the room. \"I think we can begin now,\" Carrie clapped her hands, calling everyone to attention. \"Wait!\" A familiar voice echoed through Kate's ears. \"Beth?\" Kate whispered the girl's name under her breath as the brunette essentially flew into the room, breathing heavily. The blonde's heart flipped in her chest as her face grew redder by the second. What in the world was Beth doing here? Student Council didn't seem like something Beth would ever even consider. \"I'm here,\" Beth announced, causing several people to chuckle callously. \"Sorry.\" Carrie brusquely locked her eyes with Kate's, alarming the reserved blonde. Had Carrie seen her reaction to Beth's arrival? Kate licked her lips anxiously, cleared her throat softly, and then glanced away. Her heart was beating wildly in her chest. Beth had caught her completely off-guard by this completely unexpected appearance. Ignoring Kate's obvious inner struggle, Carrie rolled her eyes and sighed in annoyance. \"Sit down, Beth,\" She stated flatly. Beth's eyes flashed with veiled irritation that only Kate could pinpoint. The brunette moved and sat two chairs behind Kate, as planned earlier. Beth knew that subtlety was the best choice. Kate swallowed and kept her eyes ahead of her. She felt awkward. She wasn't sure if Beth was angry with her, or if there was any bad blood at all. She was entirely flustered, and the thought of having Beth here while she voluntarily visited another club was nerve-wracking. \"All right,\" Carrie began, her voice booming. \"Welcome, one and all, to this year's first Student Council meeting. If you're here, you're basically in,\" She laughed. \"Of course, as you all know, the ranked positions were voted for and decided on last semester,\" She paused, allowing her words to sink in. \"However, we're always in need of representatives and volunteersA.K.A.you guys!\" The room buzzed quietly with whispers. Carrie waited for a moment before cutting the chatter short with a hiss. \"Now, we need to brainstorm,\" She noted, grabbing her clipboard and pencil. \"We need a Homecoming theme, as well as the dress-up week themes.\" At an instant, the room was alive with people spewing off idea after idea. Carrie's eyes widened at the amount of noise that overtook the small area. Kate simply sunk into her seat, while Beth's eyes blazed with intent. \"Guys,\" Carrie tried to hush the room. \"Guys!\" She yelled, causing everyone to fall silent. \"One at a time,\" She directed, absentmindedly waving one of her hands. \"Raise your hand, or something.\" One girl raised her hand. \"What about Hollywood Stars?\" \"Too clich,\" Carrie insisted. \"Manhattan Nights?\" Another girl inquired. \"Too overdone,\" Carrie remarked dryly. Then, Beth's hand shot up, drawing Kate's eyes over her shoulder to look at the energetic brunette. \"What about an Animal Lovers theme?\" Beth wondered earnestly, her eyes blinking pensively. The room was quiet for a good few seconds before it erupted into cruel laughter. \"Just no ,\" Carrie snickered, scribbling something out on her clipboard paper. \"What?\" Beth looked shocked. \"Why not?\" A few of the people laughed to themselves while Carrie looked on at Beth incredulously. \"Are you serious?\" She scoffed. \"Beth, what could you even do with a theme like that ?\" Beth stood her ground, shocking Kate, who already felt unbelievably embarrassed and sympathetic for her. \"A lot of things,\" Beth responded coolly. \"Everyone could dress up as their favorite animal.\" Carrie and the rest of the room, sans Kate, burst into unbridled laughter. Kate's face absolutely burned with humiliation for Beth. She felt horrible, and yet there was nothing she could possibly do to help the other girl. Beth remained strong, regardless of her idea's negative response. She kept her head up and her jaw locked. She was determined to remain composed in front of these students. \"This is a school dance, Beth,\" Carrie managed, after she had finally began to stop cackling. \"Not a hoedown at the zoo.\" Narrowing her eyes, Beth scoffed quietly and gave Carrie a stare directly out of hell. Kate felt a surge of pride course through her. She smiled to herself, glad that Beth wasn't outwardly allowing Carrie to get the best of her. \"Fine,\" Beth shrugged her shoulders carelessly. \"I guess it is your decision.\" Carrie laughed again. \"It definitely is,\" She smirked. \"Animals aren't on the agenda.\" Snickers and giggles filled the room for another moment. Beth glanced away, and Kate thought that she saw a tiny glimmer of humiliation flash through Beth's eyes. Kate's heart swelled with pity once again for her. \"Anyway,\" Carrie cleared her throat, still grinning ear-to-ear. \"Does anyone have any good ideas for the theme? Not dealing with animals?\" Giggling to herself, Carrie watched with sheer pleasure as Beth's eyebrows knitted in soundless aggravation. Beth said nothing; she only looked away, refusing to maintain eye-contact with Carrie. \"What about Arabian Nights?\" \"Totally copied from another district, Karen!\" Carrie corrected her shamefully. \"An Animal's Night Out?\" One boy cackled, sending the room into a squawking reel of their newfound inside joke. Beth kept her eyes on the wall while Kate sunk into her seat yet again. This was terrible. All Kate wanted to do was take Beth out of the room so they didn't make fun of her anymore. She felt totally awful, and yet there was nothing she could do about it. \"All right, you guys. Enough,\" Carrie was smirking again. \"An animal joke is only funny for so long.\" \"The only thing better than an animal joke is a dead animal joke!\" jeered one boy, as he purposefully glanced back at Beth, who was fuming. \"Hey, asshole,\" Beth hissed, losing her temper for the first time. \"What ever happened to respect for others?\" \"The hippie slut's pissed now!\" One girl howled with laughter. Beth rolled her eyes. Kate felt anger flare in her stomach. She wanted so desperately to say something, but timidity choked her up. \"Guys, guys,\" Carrie settled them down with a wave of her hand. \"This is about Homecoming,\" She started, as both Kate and Beth braced themselves for the punch line that they both knew was coming. \"not about Beth's beef against non-Vegans.\" Once again, the room howled and cackled with unrestrained and seemingly eternal laughter. Kate sunk further in her seat. It almost seemed too obvious who had won this verbal war. For the first time throughout this fight's entirety, Kate turned her head to glance back at Beth, to essentially observe the damage. The look in Beth's eyes and on her face absolutely broke her heart and utterly floored her. Beth was smiling . Beth's face lit up as soon as Kate's eyes met with hers. It was an expression that Kate hadn't thought she would find there. Sure, she saw embarrassment; she saw hurt, even. However, there was something else, as wellsomething far from sinister, something angelically pure. Subsequent to the meeting and the endless dead animal jokes, Kate finally excused herself from the intolerable meeting. Forest Hills' Student Council was obviously not the place for her. She wanted nothing more to do with those insufferable people. Remorse weighed down Kate's heart suddenly as she thought of Beth, who was still gathering her purse in preparation to leave. Kate could haveno, should have said something. She knew that it was the right thing to do, and yet she still did nothing. Fear of rejection by her peers and shyness held her back, and she mentally cursed herself for that over and over again. \"Hey.\" Kate was startled by Beth's husky, gentle voice behind her. Turning, Kate was yet again astonished to see a delicate smile on the brunette's face. \"Hi,\" Kate's mouth grew dry all over again. \"I'm really\" Beth waved her hand and shook her head. It was just her and Kate in the room now. They could talk freely and without interruption. \"Don't say it, Kate,\" She smiled to her. \"It's not your fault.\" \"But but I should have said something!\" Kate insisted, the words leaping out of her mouth frantically. \"Hey,\" Beth seemed surprisingly good-natured, in the face of the grim circumstances. \"You barely know me. It's not your job, or anything.\" \"But you\" Kate swallowed, her heart heavy again. \"You were the first person to even notice me at this school.\" Her voice was small and docile. Beth tilted her head slightly, and then chuckled once. \"I just wanted to say 'hello,'\" Beth told her simply, with an affable shrug. \"and you looked lonely.\" Kate's heart lurched forward, nearly out of her chest. No one had ever taken note of that before. Kate was shocked. How had Beth known? She blinked and swallowed away her nerves and wariness again. \"I ah\" Kate was at a loss. Tears threatened to form in her eyes, causing her to have to blink them away repeatedly. \"Thank you Beth. It really means a lot to me, what you did.\" Beth's lips curved to form the most heartwarming smile that Kate had seen in years. \"No,\" She shook her head. \"I meanI do wish that I had someone like me to come say 'hi' on my first day,\" Beth laughed softly, causing Kate to smile and giggle a little, as well. \"Yeah,\" Kate smiled, beginning to feel a bit more comfortable. \"You know\" Beth ventured, noticeably hesitant. \"I could tell you something, but I don't want you to hate me, or anything.\" The stressed word seemed almost painful for Beth to say. Kate perked up instantly. \"No,\" Kate blinked her eyes, smiling as she added: \"You're too sweet to hate.\" Both of the girls grinned and chuckled to themselves. \"Well,\" Beth started, setting her purse down on the nearest desk. \"I wanted you to know that I invited you to my club, because\" Reluctance bit at Beth's tongue. \"I didn't want some other group or clique or person to snatch you up and have their way with you. I wanted you to be treated nicely, you know? You didn't deserve to get sucked up in their hateful, judgmental worlds.\" Kate's eyes widened ever so slightly. Her heart nearly stopped beating in her chest. All along, these were Beth's intentions? Kate felt criminal for ever even doubting her at all. She had no idea that Beth had such thoughtful, optimistic objectives. \"Beth\" Beth shook her head abruptly and laughed, warding off a creeping blush from her cheeks. \"No! Before you even think about it,\" She grinned. \"I know it sounds creepy, but it's really not.\" \"No, actually\" Kate looked up at the other girl, fighting hard to keep any appreciative tears at bay. \"It's really, really nice of you.\" Beth watched her in pleasant silence for a moment, her eyes shining. \"I'm just sorry that they treated you so badly,\" Beth spoke after a moment, regretfully. \"Hey,\" Kate giggled softly. \"It was good practice,\" She smiled up at the brunette. \"It seems like I'll need some really thick skin at this school if I want to survive, anyway.\" There was another moment of silence before Beth's expression broke to reveal a smile of both happiness and relief. \"Yeah,\" She concurred, her green eyes bright with pleasure. \"Though, we're supposed to be the most peaceful group at this school. You got off easy, Kate!\" As Beth spoke, she knocked one of her fists playfully against Kate's arm. \"Watch it!\" Kate joked, laughing all the while, as she recoiled teasingly from the light hit. \"Remember: I'm sensitive .\" Beth laughed heartily, causing Kate's face to light up with delight. She had never thought she would feel this comfortable around someone new before. This was the first time since her playground years that she had been so friendly and playful with someone else. It felt magnificent . \"Oh, Kate Spencer,\" Beth sighed happily. \"Where have you been all my life?\" \"Moving from house to house looking for you, of course,\" Kate teased, drawing a smile from both of them. \"But, really,\" Beth calmed, a sense of solace and solemnity rushing over her. Kate was amazed how regal and serene the brunette looked as she spoke such simple words that sounded wise beyond her years. \"Thanks for not being ' weirded out ,' or anything. I just wanted to make sure you were okay,\" She paused, uncertain if she should continue. \"and you seemed like a really sweet girland a really great friend, too.\" Kate watched her for a couple of seconds. Their eyes locked, and both girls grew quiet. It was neither awkward nor overly stimulating. It was a simple moment of inner solitude and contentment. It was . \"You, too, Beth,\" Kate decided, after the moment had come to a graceful ending. The girls stood there, comforted by the joy glittering in the other's eyes. \"Beth,\" Kate spoke meekly, her eyes narrowing with thoughtfulness. \"Yeah?\" Beth blinked her eyes encouragingly. \"You're not really apart of Student Council are you?\" The question took Beth by little surprise. In fact, she had assumed that it would be brought up eventually. Therefore, she had been prepared. She merely smiled. \"Nope,\" Beth crossed her arms over her chest. \"I wanted to show a certain girl that I wasn't some creepy whack-job, and that I wasn't out to get her by sending an army of crazed Vegans her way,\" Her eyes shared Kate's gaze unwaveringly. \"and that I was willing to feel what she felt before we could actually be friends.\" It was at that moment that Kate Spencer had no idea what to say. All of her collective intelligence did her little to no good in this instance. In the eyes of a virtual stranger, she saw more than she had seen in any person that she knew personally. She saw understanding, wisdom, hope, and emotion . Beth had made it clear that she wanted to open up to her and vice versa. This wasn't just a one-day friendship that was on the table for the taking. Biting her bottom lip gently, Kate blinked her eyes still. The tears were beginning to be more and more insistent, but she wasn't giving in just yet. \"Well,\" Kate spoke softly, her voice nearly shaking with feeling. \"That girl you're talking about appreciates it more than you know,\" She admitted, staring up at Beth gratefully. \"And, she told me that she would love to be friends.\" At that instant, a smile burst onto Beth's features uncontrollably. Happiness radiated off her in waves. She couldn't control the amount of excitement and bliss that she felt. It was strange, but Beth felt as though Katewho happened to still be a, in all fairness, strangeractually understood her and where she was coming from. There was a definite spark in Kate's eyes that told Beth that Kate had been there and, more or less, had done that. \"Thank you, Kate,\" Beth sighed quietly. \"You're so sweet. You're practically making me blush here!\" She chuckled and shrugged her purse onto her shoulder. Kate smiled with the utmost satisfaction. \"Good,\" She replied pleasantly. Beth nodded her head, unable to suppress the sparkle in her eyes and disposition. She readied herself to leave, her lips poised to offer a friendly good-bye, when Kate broke in. \"Beth,\" She began to say, her voice hopeful and apologetic. \"Do you think that I could have another chance, and maybe still come to one of those rallies with you?\" Taken by complete surprise, Beth's eyes flew open. Her heartbeat picked up intense speed, and she had to take a moment to compose herself lest she would stutter when she spoke a moment later. \"Uh sure ! Of course!\" Beth nodded, reaffirming herself. \"There's not one for another week, but we\" She paused, taking a stab in the dark. \"could still hang out, if you want.\" \"I'd really love that,\" Kate resolved, smiling cheerfully. \"I'd really love to get to know you better.\" Kate bit her tongue, realizing how that may have sounded a tad bizarre. Though, she thought little of it when she observed the ecstatic reaction that it drew from Beth. \"Yeah, definitely !\" Beth spoke swiftly, her heart pounding in her chest while her blood rushed loudly in her ears. \"Just give me a call. We'll work something outsomething not involving some school club.\" She winked. Kate giggled and looked up at her questioningly. \"What's your number?\" Beth watched her, feigning hurt, out of nowhere. It stirred up alarm in Kate suddenly. \"You mean you didn't save the number I wrote on your hand?\" Beth frowned, her lower lip poking out slightly and her voice tinged with sadness. \"InoI mean\" \"Kate!\" Beth giggled. \"Relax. I'm just messing with you.\" \"I didn't know that was what you wrote dow\" \"Kate,\" Beth placed both of her hands on either one of Kate's shoulders. \"Calm down. It's really okay. Do you have your cell phone with you?\" \"Yeah,\" Kate dug into her purse, and then handed her phone over to Beth. \"Here.\" As Beth supposedly put her number into Kate's phone, the blonde looked on curiously. Beth had appeared to be typing something far more than just a number before she slid Kate's phone back into its rightful owner's hands. \"There,\" Beth smirked. \"Now you can't wash it off,\" She spoke smoothly, as she whipped out her own cell phone which practically chirped on cue, signifying a text message. \" And I have your number!\" She winked at her, waved her fingers teasingly, and then slipped past the blonde, out of the room, leaving Kate smiling behind her. Kate's eyes flashed over the newly-added number in her cell phone. Her eyes glinted knowingly, and she grinned. She didn't need that number at all. She had memorized Beth's number ever since Beth had first given it to her two days ago.[Chapter 4] Thank you for all of your wonderful feedback! Here's chapter four, coupled with a fair warning: I can't promise any activity at all next week. My lady and I have some much-needed quality time to spend! But, don't worry. I have every intention to finish this story! In the meantime, I hope this tides all of you over. :) (Though, it's possible that I'll have chapter five up sometime this week! Fingers crossed.) P.S. Be sure to check out my girl's new, amazing Beth/Kate story, as well! It's called \"Serendipity.\" \"No way!\" The sound of laughter filled Kate's cluttered room. It was the place where Beth and she had chosen to spend time together that day. Four days had passed since their reconciliation of sorts, and they had quickly grown more and more comfortable with each other. \"So, you seriously locked him outside in the cold in just his underwear?\" Beth continued in amazement. Kate glanced away, instinctively embarrassed. \"I was just really annoyed that day,\" She insisted, smiling. \"Let's just say he was one of the biggest jerks my mom's ever brought home.\" \"Good for you!\" Beth chimed in, laughing. They had been in Kate's room for nearly two hours now, just laughing and enjoying each other's company. It had only been awkward for the first five minutes or so. After that, they had grown accustomed to the tame silence that followed a pleasantly finished conversation. \"You know,\" Kate began, shifting in her extremely comfortable papasan chair. Beth had taken to the bed, where she was presently sprawled out on her stomach, facing Kate. \"I don't think you've met my mom yet.\" Beth's eyebrows raised curiously. \"Oooh,\" She cooed playfully. \"I get to meet the parent already?\" Kate giggled as Beth winked at her suggestively. \"Well, of course,\" Kate grinned and folded her legs beneath her. \"She's heard enough about you.\" \"That so?\" Beth snickered and rolled over onto her back, staring over at Kate from an upside-down view. \"At least now she won't think I'm some creeper trying to woo her daughter.\" Kate tossed a pillow at Beth teasingly. \"You always call yourself that! Stop!\" She laughed. \"You're a far cry from the real 'creepers' around here.\" \"Oh, Kate,\" Beth's green eyes narrowed amiably. \"Always the diplomat, always the counselor.\" \"How would you know?\" Kate tried to hide the huge grin on her face. \"I just do,\" Beth shrugged and forced herself to sit up. \"You're an easy read.\" \"No!\" Kate feigned hurt. \"Relax, sweetie,\" Beth fluttered her eyelashes charmingly. \"I like 'em easy.\" Kate's mouth dropped open, and her face flushed. \"I, ah\" \"Oh, hush, you,\" Beth laughed and pushed herself up, off the bed. \"You're so cute when you get all flustered,\" She maintained, grinning. \"I was joking.\" \"I knew that,\" Kate insisted, swallowing her nerves away. She hadn't intended on getting so worked up over nothing; it had just happened . \"Besides,\" Beth continued composedly, assuming that now was the best moment as any. \"I'm off the market, anyway. I can't be much of a lady-killer, now, can I?\" Kate blinked her eyes. She tried not to seem shocked, but could hardly help herself. Remembering what Carrie had said about Beth nearly a week ago, she glanced up at Beth. Was it true? Or was Beth simply being comical? \"I didn't know that,\" Kate spoke quietly. Something that felt like disappointment nagged at Kate's stomach, and she wasn't sure why. Perhaps it was coupled with the slight jealousy that she felt, as well. Kate had very much enjoyed the time that she and Beth had been spending together, and the thought of splitting that time with Beth's significant other made her feel somewhat irritated. \"That's because I didn't tell you,\" Beth spoke with a tinge of unease in her voice. \"I didn't think it was that big of a deal.\" \"What's their name?\" Kate wondered curiously. \"Do I know them?\" Beth's eyebrows knitted as she sat in silence, suddenly avoiding eye-contact with Kate. There was something strange about revealing this furtive relationship to Kate. She almost wished that she could make this news simply disappearcease to exist. It wouldn't bother Beth in the slightest; in fact, she would finally be allowed to free herself from the choking strain that she felt. \"Okay,\" Beth breathed, her eyes narrowing with intent. There was no sense in revealing the identity of the other half of her relationship. Something else lay on Beth's heart, something more important, but less of a secret. Holding back the news of a relationship was one thing; however, holding back the news of apart of Beth's makeup was another and even more fiercely unforgivable. \"Look, let's just skip right to the point, all right?\" \"Okay\" Kate was uncertain. Her palms twitched with nervousness. What was Beth making such a fuss about? Whatever her 'big secret' was, it couldn't too dreadful. Kate saw few noticeable flaws in her character. \"It's really not a big deal, or anything,\" Beth shrugged, placing herself at the end of Kate's bed, facing her friend. She was a mere foot from Kate. To Beth, this news was nothing; it was like telling someone that her hair was brown or that her eyes were green. \"But, I don't want us to get any closer without you knowing.\" Kate cringed. Whatever this was, Beth was hyping it up in a negative way. Kate half-expected her to say that she was secretly a hired assassin, or something. It was either that, or Beth was some felon, out to get close to her victims before she stole them away to some undisclosed location. Though, those thoughts were quite possibly just Kate's wild imagination. \"I'm gay,\" Beth said plainly, her expression unchanging as she sustained eye-contact with Kate. Kate practically fell all over herself. All of that buildup for that ! She wanted to heave a heavy sigh of relief. \"You're what ?\" Kate found herself sounding utterly stunned. Though she had assumed this, more or less, she hadn't expected Beth to be so clear-cut and forthright about it. \"I'm gay,\" Beth shrugged again, smiling this time. \"So\" Kate fluttered her eyes in slight, unintentional confusion. \"You don't like boys at all ?\" Beth laughed and folded her own legs underneath her. \"Uh, no,\" She smiled. \"Doesn't that kind of go with the job description?\" Kate's face burned with embarrassment. She glanced away, chuckling nervously all the while. For some reason, she found herself extremely intrigued. She had never had a friend or even an acquaintance that was gay before. Kate just wanted to ask Beth all kinds of questions, even though she knew that was probably uncalled for. \"Kate,\" Beth grinned at her knowingly. \"You don't have to be so awkward about it. It's not a big deal, remember?\" She winked at her lightheartedly. \"Y-yeah,\" Kate swallowed, her eyes blinking again. \"I know.\" Beth watched Kate's face for a moment, her own eyes reflecting serene thoughtfulness. \"You know you can ask me anything you want, right?\" Beth encouraged her softly, her eyes gleaming with amusement. Kate seemed to release a particular breath that she had been holding onto for a long time at that single moment. She straightened her posture, and then stared into Beth's eyes. \"So, how long have you known?\" Kate blurted out, instantly feeling shy again. Despite her previously acquired knowledge of Beth, learning this news felt as though she was learning something brand-new about the other girl. \"Well,\" Beth began, removing her now half-asleep legs out from under herself. \"All my life, I was brought up believing in 'free love'\" She paused, seeing a muted question flash in Kate's eyes. \"which is not caring about the gender of the person that I sleep with. After that, I started to call myself bisexual. Then, after my freshmen year took off, I realized that I was totally gay,\" The brunette chuckled and brushed a strand of her hair behind her ear. \"I was like, 'who am I kidding?' I had no interest in guys whatsoever.\" Kate had been watching her wide-eyed and curious, like a child. However, when Beth finished, the blonde willed herself back to reality and exhaled softly. She had no idea that sexual discovery involved so many levels . Did everyone experience this? \"So, you've\" \"Never had sex with any guys?\" Beth finished for her, causing Kate's face to turn a dark shade of red. \"I really wish I hadn't,\" She admitted quietly. \"I don't think about it much. I used to well, honestly,\" Beth's voice had dipped slightly. \"I used to be a huge slut.\" Kate furrowed her eyebrows. \"Used to be?\" Beth's eyes lit up humorously, and she tossed a pillow good-humouredly at Kate. \"What's that supposed to mean, Spencer?\" She demanded teasingly, causing Kate to recoil in shame. \"No! I-I'm sorry! That's not what I\" \"Kate,\" Beth spoke her name gently. \"Please just relax. You're going to hurt yourself.\" \"I really didn't mean that,\" Kate spoke quickly, her cheeks burning. \"I know,\" Beth blinked at her fondly. \"But, no. I'm not like that anymore. I've really learned a lot about myself since then.\" Kate realized that she herself was smiling. \"That's good,\" The blonde murmured contentedly. Beth nodded. \"Yeah,\" She glanced aside, and then sighed. \"Still not so great at school, but hey: you can't change everything in three years, can you?\" Once again, Beth winked at Kate, causing the blonde to smile in response. There was something about that simple gesture that made Kate feel very special each time Beth did it. It made her feel warm and entirely at-ease. \"Sure you can,\" Kate insisted playfully, smirking. \"You get a tutor like me.\" \"You think?\" Beth tilted her head, grinning widely. \"That'd be great, actually. My Pre-Cal grade seriously sucks !\" \"Pre-Cal\" Kate pursed her lips to keep from laughing. \"Beth, what in the world are you doing in that class?\" \"Ask my counselor! Her expectations for me are totally crazy.\" \"Did you not have enough credits\" \"Kate!\" Beth howled with laughter, all of sudden. \"Please. The last thing I want to talk about with you is school. I get it,\" She spoke drolly. \"you're my sweet, little school geek, but c'mon!\" \"Hey!\" Kate squeaked, throwing the pillow from earlier back at her. \"Don't be a jerk!\" \"Believe me, dear, you haven't seen me being a jerk yet,\" Beth promised her smoothly, her eyebrows raising challengingly and playfully. \"Okay, okay,\" Kate rolled her eyes in amusement, and then folded her hands in her lap. Her tongue itched to ask Beth more questions. Yet, she was afraid that she was beginning to lose her chance. Kate looked up at Beth, figuring that it was now or never. She didn't want the moment to slip away. \"So I was wondering,\" Kate started, losing her voice soon after. \"What?\" Beth perked up, watching her expectantly. \"How, uhm, exactly did you know you were gay?\" Kate's mouth was as dry as cotton. She wasn't sure why this subject was so intense with her. Beth looked momentarily taken aback, but she tossed the sentiment aside rather quickly. \"Well, I sure as hell didn't like sleeping with guys,\" She laughed. \"What kind of answer are you looking for, Kate?\" \"You just make it sound so easy!\" Kate exclaimed rapidly, withdrawing once more afterward. \"I meanI don't know you're just so cool and collected about everything .\" Beth plopped down on her stomach again and laughed without reserve. \"Oh, yeah ,\" She snickered. \"What Beth Davis do you know?\" Kate frowned somewhat. \"I mean it, Beth.\" \"Hey,\" Beth looked up at her sympathetically. \"Don't get all upset,\" She insisted softly, before teasingly adding: \"I hate to see such a pretty face so sad.\" \"I'm not sad at all,\" Kate maintained adamantly, pressing her lips tightly together. After a moment, though, she couldn't help but smile. \"Anyway,\" Beth continued for her, not bothering to wait for Kate to jumpstart the conversation again. \"You just know, Kate,\" She advised her warmly. \"It's just, like do straight people go around flaunting their 'straightness?'\" \"Well\" \"Okay,\" Beth smirked. \"Do normal straight people?\" Kate shook her head. \"Right,\" Beth persisted, kicking her own feet forward once. \"So, it's the same with gay people, too,\" She allowed her shoulders to fall. \"I mean, sure you'll always have those who throw it in people's faces, but that's the same with every situation.\" \"Wow,\" Kate breathed the word, her eyes widened ever so slightly. \"What?\" Beth wondered calmly. \"Beth, you're just so\" Kate's heart swelled with pride and happiness for her friend. \"I don't know. You're just so understanding and tolerant and really, really wise and intelligent.\" Beth laughed yet again, her brunette curls bouncing out of order as she shook her head in pleasant disagreement. \"I just put out what I expect from others,\" She told her simply. Kate watched Beth thoughtfully. Respect for her friend was pouring out of her immeasurably. Beth was so serene and peacefulso gentle and loving. Kate honestly admired her more than she could ever possibly put into words. \"I think that's how everyone should be,\" Kate added softly, her voice a little timid. Beth's eyes shined with deference and pleased acknowledgment. Silently, though, she decided to move the topic of discussion along for Kate's sake. \"Was there anything else you wanted to ask?\" Kate glanced around her room as she thought. \"How many girls have you dated?\" She asked her friend modestly. Beth looked pensive, though only for a moment or two. She crossed her ankles and held Kate's placid gaze. \"I've been with several girls,\" She spoke evenly. \"I thought I loved one of them once.\" Kate was surprised by the bitterness laced in Beth's voice. She lowered her eyebrows uncertainly. \"What happened?\" Kate prompted her carefully. Beth exhaled softly, her eyes finding it more and more difficult to remain affixed on Kate. \"She was older than me,\" She said frankly. \"This was only about a year and a half ago. I was sixteen, and she was twenty-seven.\" Kate fought well to hide the absolute shock in her eyes and on her face. The age difference was vast and accountable, but Kate was hardly one to judge. Even now, she trusted Beth's opinion immensely. \"It just didn't work out between us,\" Beth finished dryly. \"We wanted different things.\" Kate lowered her eyes for a couple of seconds, feeling somewhat awkward, if only briefly. \"I'm really sorry, Beth,\" Kate offered her empathetically. \"No,\" Beth sighed. \"Kate, she was a real bitch. I was just blindsided by her. She was so beautiful and charming, but\" She shrugged and shook her head one time. \"She wasn't for me at all. She wanted nothing but sex, and I wanted to take her out sometimes. It was getting old.\" Kate parted her lips to draw in a good breath. Her mouth had been practically glued shut because of the tension. Her heart ached for Beth. Even if Beth was over this woman, she could tell that she still felt the sting. \"I'm not much better,\" Beth admitted in a meager voice. \"but I'm learning.\" Kate stared at her wistfully. She almost didn't want to think what Beth meant. It made her feel afraid for her friend. \"Anyhow,\" Beth cleared her throat and put on a smile. \"I promise lesbians aren't all the drama they hype about.\" Kate nodded, ignoring the nagging feeling she felt inside. Beth caught on to Kate's discomfort quickly and decided to act on it. \"I've talked enough for today,\" Beth chuckled. \"I miss hearing your voice, anyway,\" When Kate didn't speak up right away, Beth narrowed her eyes charismatically. \"Come on, Kate. Smile for me please?\" She stood up and walked over to Kate threateningly. \"Don't make me tickle you\" \"No!\" Kate squealed, jerking away, nearly knocking herself over, along with her papasan chair. \"I'm so ticklish, Beth! Please don't!\" She laughed out the words, wrapping her arms around herself. \"Beg for mercy!\" Beth howled through a laugh, as she launched herself at Kate, toppling the defenseless papasan chair over. Making sure that Kate was safe during the fall, Beth had strategically placed her hand behind Kate's head. The last thing she wanted was for her playfulness to land her friend in the hospital. \"No, Beth! No !\" Kate's voice was shrill with laughter as Beth's hands traveled up and down her sides ruthlessly. \"Oh, my gosh! Beth !\" Beth's legs were placed on either side of Kate as she continued to playfully torture the smaller girl. \"You should've listened!\" Beth giggled, her eyes flickering with joy. Kate continued to laugh, tears forming in the corners of her blue eyes. \"Please stop, I'm\" All of a sudden, Liz Phair's \"Why Can't I\" blared from Beth's skirt's back pocket. Their hearts pounding, Beth, more or less, sat down on top of Kate, keeping her there. \"Hang on,\" She laughed softly, reaching for her cell phone. As soon as Beth's eyes saw the name flashed on the screen, she tried her hardest to hide her aversion. Flipping her phone open, she pressed the receiver to her head. \"Hello?\" Kate looked on curiously from her position under Beth. Her heart was racing, even though it had a fair amount of time to begin to calm itself. She felt a smile tugging the corners of her lips; she couldn't help herself. Being with Beth was just unadulterated fun . Though, worry soon pricked her heart as she saw Beth's facial expression turn sour. \"Yeah,\" Beth rasped irritably. \"Look, I'm just over here no . I told you I'd be over at her house. Yeah,\" She rolled her eyes. \"It's seriously not as big of a deal as you're making it,\" There was a long pause, a revolted face from Beth, and then: \"Yeah, whatever. I'll be over there soon, okay?\" Beth exhaled. \"'Bye.\" Clicking off her phone, she sighed agitatedly and shoved her cell phone back into her pocket. \"Kate.\" Kate swallowed. She knew exactly what was coming, and it made her heart cry out in helpless dismay. \"I'm really sorry, sweetie,\" Beth started to say, her voice genuinely regretful and poignant. \"I have to go.\" \"I figured,\" Kate murmured softly. \"I understand.\" Beth grudgingly willed herself to stand, and then extended her hand to help the blonde up, off the ground. \"I swear I'll make it up to you,\" Beth insisted, smiling to her. Kate nodded, working her best smile for the other girl. Sensing Kate's reluctance, Beth reached out and took Kate's hand. Kate's face flushed for half a millisecond, before the blonde looked up at the smiling brunette. \"We'll hang out tomorrow?\" Beth ventured hopefully. \"Definitely,\" Kate affirmed, blinking her eyes. Curling her fingertips over Kate's soft hand, Beth gave it a reassuring squeeze before releasing it. Kate smiled, her entire body prodded with unimaginable needles of some unknown sentiment. Beth blinked her eyes adoringly at Kate before turning, poised and ready to leave. \"Who\" Kate caught herself. Abrupt self-consciousness came crashing down on her hard. Fearing this confrontation, Beth found herself wedged between righteousness and deception. Terrified of losing any ounce of Kate's respect, she rightfully chose the initial selection. \"My girlfriend,\" Beth spoke unenthusiastically. \"Riley.\" Kate stared at her friend in masked disbelief. She nodded numbly and willed a smile as Beth waved a friendly goodbye, and then exited the room. The blonde was beside herself. Riley? If memory served, Kate remembered her as the unwelcoming, loose-cannon from Beth's Vegetarian Clubthe girl who outwardly despised Kate. Kate's heart thumped restlessly in her chest. She moved over to her bed and glanced over at the outside wall, wordlessly thumbing for answers. She felt betrayed, and she felt utterly ashamed for feeling that way. After all, it wasn't as though Beth had begun dating Riley subsequent to the Vegetarian Club incident. Beth would have never done that, of that Kate was thoroughly convinced. Or, at least, Kate hoped. Nevertheless, the thought of Beth's unintentional betrayal sustained a choking hold on her heart. It was that, and something elsesomething that Kate felt even more ashamed of. For the first time in her entire life, Kate felt inconceivable jealousyalmost destructively so.[Chapter 5] Hello, readers! Thank you so much for all the wonderful views and reviews yet again. I apologize for the delay, but my girl and real life will always my number one priorities. Stress and other things have inhibited my muse, but I'm happy to say it's back now. Hope you enjoy this installment! Now go pester the amazing and lovely writergirl2003 to update Serendipity ! ;) I'll lead the way. Beth was flattered by Kate's consistency. When they had plans, they were irreversible, and both of the girls loved that. Never before had either of them been rewarded with such certainty. All day, Kate had gushed about what they could do together later that night. They had arranged to have a sleepover. Beth was overtaken with Kate's sweet and excited remarks about their evening. \"It's been years since I've had a sleepover,\" She murmured to Beth excitedly. \"Years?\" Beth pressed her affectionately. \"Yes!\" Kate admitted happily, thrilled by the idea that she actually had a friend who was interested in them now. \"We'll have to do everything .\" Beth smiled warmly toward her friend. \"All that and more , of course.\" Kate continued to beam, her blue eyes gleaming with happiness. Beth loved seeing her so upbeat and cheery. She did nothing but smile these daysthat perfect, cute smile where her eyes closed somewhat while she giggled softly. It was undeniably cute. \"Hey,\" Beth started, after a moment. \"I have to pick something up at my place after school. I'll meet you at your house at five-thirty. Is that okay?\" Hardly skipping a beat, Kate turned to look at her friend. Beth tried not to flinch when she saw that animated, inquisitive flash in her eyes. \"Could I maybe go with you?\" She inquired optimistically, smiling too adorably for description. \"No, Kate. That's really oka\" \"Or we could just have the sleepover at your house,\" Kate offered innocently, grinning widely. Beth's heart virtually tripped over itself. \"Uh,\" She tried to laugh it off. \"Your house is much better.\" Kate dismissed the notion energetically. \"We've been to my house every time,\" She said, her eyes gleaming up hopefully at Beth. \"You've got to be getting tired of it by now.\" Beth smiled to her, unable to become irritated with Kate. She was afraid that this would happen eventually, anyway. \"I promise that your house is a better idea, Kate,\" Beth commented quietly, her gaze even. \"But\" \"Kate,\" Beth placed her hands on either of Kate's arms, instantly silencing the other girl. \"I swear that we'll crash at my place one day really soon, but today: can I please just go and get my things so we can get this thing off the ground?\" Kate paused, appearing to be deep in thought for several seconds. Beth watched her guardedly, her nerves flaring up on the inside. She felt terrified and anxious. The last place that she wanted to take Kate was her side of town. There was only one thing in the world that embarrassed Beth, and it was her living space. Her stomach twisted at the thought of having to show Kate. \"Okay,\" Kate sighed, her plans vanquished. \"but can I still go with you?\" \"You really don't have to do that, Kate,\" Beth chuckled slightly. \"That's one less trip for you, and I'm a big girl , you know.\" \"I know,\" Kate insisted, her blue eyes pleading. \"Beth, please . It would mean a lot to me.\" Beth found herself staring into Kate's gorgeously blue eyes. It was difficult to combat that sweet and persuasive look within them. Beth was very easily swayed when it came to a pretty girl. Allowing her shoulders to fall, Beth sighed, willing herself to smile, despite how scared she felt. She didn't want to ruin Kate's streak of happiness now. \"Oh, okay.\" \"Really?\" Kate perked up, her eyes wide with astonishment. \"Thank you!\" She threw her arms around Beth, but then recoiled after a couple of seconds with a soft, nervous giggle. \"Sorry.\" \"No,\" Beth shook her head and smiled. \"Let's go, I guess. I'll drive.\" * * * The drive to Beth's house was filled with excitement for the first stretch. Kate was practically bubbling over with joy, though she showed it mainly through the sweet smile that she portrayed. Beth, however, was incredibly tense and concerned. There had been a reason she had never mentioned her home before. \"So, where do you live?\" Kate's voice asked through the silence. Beth winced. She should have guessed that would have been asked eventually. \"The lower part of town,\" Beth answered coolly. Kate merely nodded, which was a good sign. Clearly, she had no idea what \"the lower part of town\" entailed. She would soon enough, though. Beth tried not to appeared more worried than she actually felt. She was a wreck inside. Yet, she felt somewhat ashamed. Why she was so desperate for Kate's approval was beyond her. \"I'm sure it's a wonderful place,\" Kate commented softly. \" You live there, after all.\" The candid sincerity in Kate's voice was astonishing. Beth found herself smiling automatically. \"I hope I live up to those expectations,\" Beth added with a grin, causing Kate to giggle. \"I'm not worried,\" Kate replied with a knowing look. And then the scenery outside the car's window abruptly shifted. Suddenly, all around them, suspicious people roamed the streets, their pants practically trailing behind them on the concrete. They looked mean and unforgiving. Kate tried not to recoil at the sight. How had she not noticed this before? Her eyes fell on Beth, who was diligently driving and almost paying Kate no attention at all. Kate swallowed her nerves and averted her eyes. She didn't want Beth to see how frightened and anxious she had become in such little time. Beth had noticed, though, unbeknownst to Kate. She had tried to withhold her sigh of exasperation as they entered the area where her apartment was. Kate was obviously not used to this part of town, given that her little house was in a moderately nice neighborhood. \"Where is your house exactly?\" Kate asked tautly, mentally berating herself for sounding so distant and witless. It was now or never. \"Apartment, actually,\" Beth corrected her gently, with a sigh. \"It's on the next block.\" Kate frowned. She hated to think that she had offended Beth. The idea that she had possibly placed that hurt look on Beth's face mad Kate feel very distressed. She vowed to fix it. \"It's a nice place,\" Kate murmured, instantly feeling like an idiot. She had never been a good liar. Beth flashed an almost undetectable, brief quirk of a smile before laughing stiffly once. \"It's okay, Kate,\" Her voice was rigid now, causing Kate to flinch. \"You don't have to say anything.\" Kate retreated into herself. Out of nowhere, she was just anxious to see Beth smiling again. As they pulled into the apartment's parking lot and Kate unbuckled her seatbelt, she craned her head to look at Beth, who was presently unbuckling her own. \"Hey,\" Kate breathed the word. Beth looked up at her expectantly. \"I can't wait to see your apartment, Beth,\" Kate told her sincerely, her eyes dimmed with concern. Beth looked at her long and hard, her expression refusing to soften. She couldn't lie; Kate's reaction when they entered her neighborhood, though expected, had really hurt her feelings. Beth was angry with herself for caring so much. Kate was just a girl, her friend. She shouldn't feel as though she had to be on a pedestal whenever she was around her. That wasn't healthy. However, seeing that soft, essentially angelic shine in Kate's expression, Beth found herself faltering. Her heart was thumping fiercely in her chest, and she suddenly realized that she had nothing to say, that she had forgotten to even respond to Kate at all. Trying not to trip all over herself, she cleared her throat. How could she possibly stay mad at Kate? She was too damn adorable. Smiling, Beth sighed and shook her head. \"Kate,\" Beth was smiling hard now. \"You're so cruel.\" Kate's face lit up with relief and humor. A smile! Kate thought, grinning satisfactorily. There was Beth, finally shining through. Kate found herself intoxicated by her newfound, blissful mood. Her piercing blue eyes traced over Beth's pretty face suddenly, finding her lips in an embarrassingly short amount of time. Those dimples! Kate had, somehow, never noticed them before. Her heart twisted and turned anxiously in her chest. They were above verbal description as far as cuteness went. Kate realized, only too late, that she was giggling like a silly schoolgirl. \"What're you laughing at, Kate?\" Beth asked her jovially. \"Are you ready to go yet, or what?\" Kate giggled uncontrollably for another moment before nodding her head. Her brain currently couldn't conjure up anything intelligible to say. She was lost in the adorableness that was Beth Davis. She was so real and raw. And those dimples ! It was no wonder all the girls wanted Beth. Kate's friend was quite the catch. As they slipped out of the car, Kate instinctively stayed close to Beth. She refused to move farther than eight inches from her. Whether it was the bad neighborhood or the need to feel close to someone, it was unknown. \"Don't set yourself up too much,\" Beth explained to her as they entered the elevator. \"It's no masterpiece, obviously.\" \"Hush!\" Kate knocked her hand playfully against Beth's arm. \"It'll be amazing.\" Beth eyed her suspiciously before shrugging. \"Well, at least you're in a good mood now.\" Brief guilt stung Kate before she bounced back off the wall and recovered with what appeared to be seasoned expertise. Beth witnessed it with veiled surprise. Who was this Kate Spencer, and what did she do with the original? The brunette smiled to herself. It wasn't long before the two girls had arrived at the door of Beth's apartment: Room 521, fifth floor, two bedrooms, one bathroom, with a balcony view (or so Kate assumed from the outside of the building). Beth had mentioned her living space having two bedrooms and only one bathroom before. Though, at the time, Kate had presumed that it was a smaller house, or something of that nature. Beth unlocked the door slowly, almost reluctantly. She was still hesitant about Kate tagging along, as much as she adored her. Her lower belly was nothing but knots and nerves as she swung the door open. Luckily, the apartment was relatively clean, even with a hot-pink-and-black-dyed-hair, young woman bustling about the small kitchenette. She looked sharply toward the door. \"Sky!\" She called an unfamiliar name and then rushed forward to hug Beth. Kate watched, perplexed and curious. Why was she calling Beth, ' sky ?' \"Hey, Em,\" Beth hugged the girl, smiling. Kate instantly felt jealous. Who was this girl, anyway? Kate hated to think who. After another second, Beth stepped aside, revealing Kate to the strange woman. Kate had to admit, though: her hair was something incredible. Somehow this girl had made it work flawlessly. She had a relatively pretty face, though it was significantly influenced by erratic and colorful, yet grunge-inspired and even stylish make-up. The girl was thintoo thin, Kate thought, and her clothes were all over the place. It was hard to keep up with this girl; she was a walking, mismatched rainbow. \"Kate,\" Beth announced smoothly. \"This is my sister, Ember Rose.\" Kate's mouth fell open. So, this was Beth's sister! She could hardly believe it. Beth spoke of her sometimes, always about how much she partied, meddled with drugs and alcohol, but also of how close they were. However, she found it difficult to believe that this was her older sister. Andwhat kind of name was Ember Rose , anyway? \"Please,\" Ember groaned at the name, and then thrust her hand forward for Kate to shake. \"Just Em is fine.\" Kate shook her hand uncertainly. Vaguely she recalled Beth mentioning an 'Em' before. It must have slipped Beth's mind that Kate had no knowledge of whom 'Em' was. \"Nice to meet you,\" Kate replied automatically, causing Ember to snicker. \"Yeah,\" Ember smirked. \"Got a polite one now, huh, sis?\" Beth laughed dismissively and shook her head. Kate found herself feeling defensive again. What was that supposed to mean? \"No,\" She grinned. \"Kate's my friend.\" Kate frowned. 'My friend' sounded very demeaning, and she unwillingly took offense to it. Ember quirked her left, pierced eyebrow upward. \"If you say so, Sky,\" She sighed and looked at the old, digital clock on the counter. \"Shit!\" She hissed, stomping over to the kitchen table to retrieve her purse. \"You completely threw me off, sis! I gotta go.\" \"It's not our fault you're easily distracted,\" Beth reminded her teasingly, beckoning Kate inside the apartment with a slight tug at Kate's nearest sleeve. Ember stared at Beth with a hard, yet obviously playful stare. She flipped her off, and then shrugged her purse onto her shoulder. \"Don't wait up,\" Ember proclaimed habitually. \"I'm crashing at Gavin's house.\" Beth sighed irritably but said nothing as Ember fled the apartment, swiftly shutting the door behind her. Kate watched Beth's sister leave, her eyes narrowed thoughtfully. The blonde could tell that something about Beth's personality had taken a brief turn for the worse in the past few moments. \"Sorry about that,\" Beth spoke diffidently. \"Em's her own person.\" \"She's fine,\" Kate commented warily. She was afraid that her offense from Beth's previous remark was showing, but she attempted to brush it off. \"She's very interesting.\" Beth forced a smile, preparing to turn, before Kate spoke again. \"But why was she calling you 'sky?'\" Kate wondered aloud quickly, her curiosity spilling over. Beth's features softened, producing a smile. She sighed and combed her own fingertips through her curly, brown hair. It was a cute, nervous habit, Kate decided warmly. \"Remember how I told you my mom's a total hippie?\" She grinned furtively. \"I guess I never got to tell you my full name.\" Kate's interest suddenly skyrocketed. \"Of course you have my sister, Ember Rose,\" Beth explained, causing Kate to become unreasonably impatient. \"My mom's name is actually Moon Beam.\" Kate's thought process paused. Okay, now that was something. Kate smiled in a bewildered manner. \"Really?\" Beth nodded affirmatively. \"Really, really,\" She replied warmly, her eyes sparkling with affection. \"So what's your name?\" Kate couldn't contain her curiosity any longer. \"Bethany Rainbow Sky Davis,\" Beth declared matter-of-factly. Kate stared at Beth in awe. What a name! She had never known that Beth had such a unique name since they had started to become so close. It made her feel a bit upset, but she easily brushed it aside. \"That is so cool!\" Kate exclaimed unintentionally, immediately recoiling, her face stained red. \"But, really you're so cultured .\" Beth stifled a spirited laugh. \"I wouldn't call my hippie pedigree culture ,\" She admitted lightheartedly. \"It's better than Kate Emily Spencer!\" Kate blurted out with a smile. \"At least your name is really, insanely adorable,\" Beth told her sweetly, her eyebrows lowering for emphasis. Kate couldn't help but blush somewhat. \"So what do you call your mom?\" She paused, realizing how silly it sounded in the open. \"I mean, you know do you just call her Moon Beam?\" Beth's eyes gleamed both happily and with amusement, and Kate smiled right back at her. It was nice to see her friend so upbeat, even if she always appeared to be. \"Just Moon, usually, oryou know Mom .\" \"And they call you Sky?\" Kate prompted, her excitement bubbling over like a child's. Beth was mesmerized by how damn cute she was acting. It was absolutely precious and endearing. \"Em does,\" Beth explained. \"My mom calls me that, too, sometimes, if she's feeling lazy. She prefers to call me Rainbow Sky, in all its glory.\" She laughed and slid her fingers through her own hair. Kate knew that she must be grinning like a fool at this point. \"Wow,\" Kate's voice sounded so genuinely incredulous. \"I can't believe you never told me!\" There wasn't a hint of anger in Kate's voice; she was just pleasantly surprised. Beth nodded her head smoothly before curling her finger at Kate, beckoning her. \"You want to see my room, or what?\" Beth smirked. \"Don't tell me that wasn't why you fought so hard to come with me.\" Kate flushed, her blithe embarrassment completely out in the open now. \"No way,\" Kate played it cool for once. \"I-I I just thought you needed an escort is all.\" Beth was smirking harder by the second. \"Yeah, and my name's Kate Emily Spencer,\" She cooed teasingly, before rounding on her heels and heading for her bedroom. \"I wish it was!\" Kate replied cheerfully, almost forgetting to follow after her. \"Because then I'd get to have your cool name.\" \"Whatever makes you happy, sweetheart,\" Beth called to her, now inside her room. Kate's features brightened at the endearing term. She had always enjoyed when Beth called her 'sweetie,' 'sweetheart,' or 'honey.' It made her feel very warm and content inside. Stepping delicately toward the door where Beth had disappeared mere moments ago, she held her breath, unsure of what to expect. She had always had high expectations of what Beth's room was like. Though, she couldn't really say that anything she saw could ever particularly \"let her down\"; after all, this was Beth she was talking about. In Kate's eyes, Beth Davis could do no wrong. As she slipped into the room, Kate was instantly greeted with an array of plentiful and perfectly produced colors. It was literally a poetic explosion of colors. Kate uttered a small gasp. Each of Beth's bedroom walls held its own personal color, which was absolutely perfect for her. One wall was a feminine, yet sultry pink; another wall was an alluring and attractive shade of purple; the third wall was a lustrous and vigorous shade of green; and the last wall was a soothing and influential shade of blue. Somehow, Beth had made the collection of colors work and match effectively. Her walls meshed together in perfect harmony, which was surprising to Kate. Beth's carpets were a plain, yet effective beige color. It was the standard apartment carpet, Kate knew, but with Beth, it was something special. The comforter on Beth's twin-sized bed was of an intricate design. It was every color of the rainbow, an assortment of complex and beautiful swirls that formed the most elegant, yet calming and humble patterns. It looked so soft and inviting, warm and beckoning like a goose down comforter. However, with a smile, Kate remembered that Beth would never own such a degrading and inhumane product. Her pillowcases were of the same pattern; however, these had couples of hearts interlaced on them. It was cute; it was so Beth. Hanging and plastered to Beth's bedroom walls were many, many posters. Whether it was human rights, gay rights, animal rights, environmental concerns, or political propaganda: Beth had them all. Though, Kate was surprised to see posters of a few music artists and actresses, as well. Beth was still a young adult, after all. Kate tried not to giggle to herself as singer Pink scowled at her from one of Beth's posters, just as Angelina Jolie gazed at her sensually from another. Suddenly Kate found her friend even more adorable and endearing. Beth had also apparently dedicated one of her walls (the pink one, to be precise) a collage of photographs. Kate felt that now-familiar, hot feeling rising up in her cheeks as she realized that there were hordes of previously unseen and personal pictures of Beth pasted on that wall. She made a mental note to casually steal a glance or two at them soon, even if that meant seeing Beth with other girls. Other than that, a fair-sized television sat opposite the room from the bed on a black stand that housed both a gaming system and a DVD player. There was a small, cute desk, scattered with countless papers that Kate was deeply curious about. Then, of course, lastly, the room was scattered neatly with multitudes upon multitudes of cute, fluffy, and downright adorable stuffed animals of all species. Though, Kate noted that there were many more little puppy stuffed animals. She smiled. \"Kate?\" Beth called to her gently, her eyes twinkling with that usual, knowing look. \"Honey, you all right?\" Kate exhaled heavily. She knew her face must have been blue for all of the five or ten seconds that she had been holding it. \"Yeah,\" She spoke tautly, still amazed by her surroundings. \"Beth,\" Kate gave Beth's room another once-over. \"Your room is amazing !\" Her words tripped over themselves. \"It's so it's so\" Kate couldn't put her feelings into words. \" you .\" It was a lame finish, but Kate didn't mind. She merely stepped further into the room, greeted by a grinning Beth. \"You think so?\" Beth chuckled enchantingly. \"Thanks, Kate,\" Her green eyes showed the eternal depth of her gratitude. \"I'm glad you like it so much.\" \"I love it!\" Kate turned around, memorizing each characteristic of Beth's room. \"I wish my room was this awesome .\" \"Kate,\" Beth looked at her with playfully reprimanding eyes. \"Your room is fantastic. Believe me, I've been in it more than once.\" A smirk enhanced her features; Kate held her breath again briefly. \"Yeah, but,\" She did a turn for effect. \"it's nothing like yours.\" Beth held her hands up in mock defeat. \"Okay, okay,\" She smiled to Kate. \"No need to get all sappy and cute on me yet, Spencer. I need to pack my things, remember?\" Something sparked in Beth's eyes. \"How am I supposed to do that with you being so adorable, huh?\" Kate's insides were melting, and that frightened her a bit. Beth had called her cute before, but with that extra flash of something in her friend's eyes, it made this time different, significant. She nodded her head wordlessly and managed a tiny smile as she watched Beth stuff all her essentials in a green duffle bag. Green. It looked magnificent on Beth. She wore it constantly, and Kate had easily assessed that as her favorite color long ago. \"Ready?\" Beth's voice stole Kate from her private thoughts. \"Uh,\" Kate recomposed herself. \"Yeah. Let's go.\" \"Unless,\" Beth began, shrugging her duffle bag onto her left shoulder with ease. \"you'd prefer to stay over here for the night.\" Kate's face instantly drained of all its color. She felt horrible for being so afraid of Beth's \"part of town,\" but, right now, she couldn't particularly help it. She wasn't so sure she was ready to venture into this part of the area for a long period of time just yet, much less spend an entire night here. All she wanted was for Beth and her to go back to Kate's house and have a magnificent, safe night together there . Nervously, Kate opened her mouth to speak, just as Beth interrupted her with a hearty chuckle. \"Relax, Kate,\" Beth spoke warmly, her eyes ignited with humor and even affection. Kate suddenly relaxed that Beth's fingertips had curled themselves delicately around her right arm. Heat immediately flooded to that area of her body, and she tensed. \"I was only playing. Now, c'mon,\" She let go of Kate's armmuch to Kate's subconscious disappointmentand began toward the door. \"I'll protect you, okay?\" Kate had to smile. The idea played in her head a bit wilder than it probably should haveBeth protecting her. It made her feel warm, safe, and at-ease. \"Good,\" Kate affirmed with unbridled enthusiasm. \"I'll need it.\" Beth just smiled at her as they started toward the apartment door. \"Don't worry, Kate,\" Her voice was laced with such hidden sentiment that it made Kate's heart nearly ache. \"You're with me.\"[Chapter 6] I'm still here! Promise. Thank you all for the every kind view and review! They keep me going strong. Here's chapter six for you awesome people. I apologize for the lateness, as it is almost the end of the semester. Whoo-whoo! I promised that I was finishing this story, and I meant it. :) As always, this is for my beautiful lady, who is an amazing amount of help and inspiration for this story. The nights she spent with Kate were always full of excitement, spontaneity, and joy. Beth couldn't remember the last time that she felt so alive and real. Something about Kate brought out Beth's naturally young soul, the curiosity and playfulness of a child. It made Beth smile and laugh like she hadn't in years. It was refreshing, new, and completely invigorating. Friday night, after their stint at Beth's apartment, had gone over magnificently. They spent the evening giggling, teasing each other, and just being themselves. Kate spoke of her anxieties in lighthearted tones, while Beth squeezed Kate's hands in silent reassurance. Then, they switches roles with Kate nudging Beth's shoulder each time Beth spoke of how one of her teachers had screwed her over or how someone had been a jerk to her at work. It was a beautiful cycle, both so pure and intimate. It made Beth's heart thump wildly in her chest in anticipation and wonderful uncertainty. The mood of Friday carried over to Monday, long after that blissful Friday evening and Saturday morning at Kate's house both ended. A smile seemed to forever crease Beth's lips, even as she realized that she was staring into two, blazing brown eyes. It was Monday morning. Her weekend of happiness and harmony was evidently over. Wedged in the back of the school library was Beth and a peeved-looking blonde whose arms were presently crossed. Beth was watching her with a vacant stare, obviously not paying her any credible attention. \"Beth!\" hissed the girl, her eyes aflame with rage. \"Are you even listening to me?\" The girl's voice was juvenile and whiny, and it grated painfully on Beth's nerves for some reason. \"Riley,\" Beth sighed. \"I'm listening. I promise.\" Riley didn't look pleased, Beth knew. It was just difficult to care, particularly when the last person Beth wanted to deal with this morning was Riley and her attitude. Scoffing, Riley made a point to blatantly roll her eyes. \"What the hell were you doing hanging out with her , again?\" Riley growled. Beth just stared at her oddly. In a simple, mollifying voice, she spoke quietly to the other girl. \"Riley, Kate's my best friend,\" She shrugged. \"Well, I'm your girlfriend !\" Riley snapped back. Beth's eyes narrowed. \"Riley what does that have to do with anything? I know you're my girlfriend. Girlfriends and best friends aren't always the same thing, you know,\" Beth commented lamely, her voice distracted and plainly unsympathetic. The flames of spitting fury in Riley's eyes blazed to an entirely new degree of rage. Beth briefly thought that the other girl might spring at her and viciously claw her eyes out. \"I knew this would happen,\" Riley growled bitterly. \"Ever since you started hanging out with that whore , she's all you ever talk about!\" Anger flooded Beth's previously docile faade much quicker than she intended. Nevertheless, she kept her head square on her shoulders. This was just what Riley wanted, to get a rise out of her. \"You know, Riley,\" Beth's eyes narrowed. \"You can be seriously immature. Kate hasn't done anything to you.\" \"She's stolen my girlfriend!\" Vicious possession tinted Riley's voice, triggering Beth to recoil. \"You're acting like such a brat,\" Beth was finding it increasingly difficult to remain civil. Suddenly, Riley was directly in Beth's face, spewing hate from her dark brown eyes. \"You know what\" \"No,\" Beth interrupted her with contemptuous eyes. \"Riley, stop. I'm sick of dealing with your shit. Seriously!\" She threw her hands up in disgust. \"All you ever do is bitch and moan to me about something !\" \"That's not\" \"Yes,\" Beth corrected her with the highest cynicism. \"it is. I'm tired of it. I'm done.\" Riley's eyes rounded with shock and inner dismay. She pulled her lips back in a snarl of sorts and almost seemed as though she would charge Beth at that very moment. \"You're joking, right?\" she barked at her irately. \"Uh, no,\" Beth scoffed and folded her arms. \"I'm really not.\" Riley grumbled loudly and balled her fists. \"Fine!\" she snapped, practically throwing her purse onto her shoulder. \"I don't need a girlfriend who doesn't want me anyway.\" Beth's eyes narrowed once again. \"It wasn't going to work, Riles. You didn't like Kat\" \"' Riles ' is for people who I actually give two shits about, Beth ,\" Riley growled. \"and anyone with a brain can see you drooling over that loser. Grow up! You're the one who's immature and stupid if you think you can get a straight girl to fall for you.\" Beth opened her mouth to protest, but nothing came out. She stared blankly as Riley stomped out of the library, slamming the double-doors behind her. The brunette winced at the noise, but then sighed. It was hard to believe. She was Riley-free! Beth inwardly melted with joy. It was nice, for once, to be unattached, to be freefree to live, free to grow, free to She paused and slipped her phone out of her jeans' right pocket. Two texts from Kate. One was a simple: hey, r u at school yet? , while the other merely said: call me if u can . Beth bit her lip and glanced around. The library was empty, and school didn't start for another ten minutes or so. She breathed and pressed speed dial number two. The dial tone echoed in her ear three times before a breathless voice answered. \"Beth?\" \"Kate!\" Beth chirped into the receiver. \"Hi. Sorry, I I just got your texts.\" Beth could practically hear Kate smiling widely over the phone. \"Yeah,\" she sighed heavily, obviously catching her breath. \"You okay?\" Beth asked idly, looking around the library. \"Mmhm,\" Kate insisted between clenched lips before she took a gulp of air in. \"I'm just running a few laps before school.\" Beth smiled to herself. \"You and the track team, Kate,\" Beth's voice was a low purr of affection. \"Hey!\" she feigned hurt. \"You said I looked good in these shorts.\" \"You do,\" Beth maintained. \"You have amazing legs.\" and curves, and chest, and Shit . Beth caught herself and fumbled with the phone self-consciously. Down, girl , she warned herself. Kate sounded as though she was beaming with pride. \"Thanks,\" she replied happily. \"I'm glad you think so.\" Beth gave a noncommittal noise as a reply. Her mind had slipped elsewhere, until Kate brought it back again. She had to focus. \"Anyway,\" Beth tried her hand at regaining her mental composure. \"I was wondering if you wanted to go out tonight. We could see a movie or go eat,\" she hoped she sounded casual and not as though she had motive. The last thing Beth wanted was for Kate to see her break-up with Riley as a reason for pity during one of Kate and Beth's outings together. \"Uhm,\" Kate's voice was distant and contemplative; Beth found her body pulsing with worry. \"I have to work tonight,\" the blonde mumbled regrettably. Beth frowned. \"That's okay,\" The brunette replied flatly. \"But\" Kate trailed off, her breathing level again. Apparently, she had stopped running long ago, and Beth had taken little or no notice. \"I get off at nine, if you'll still have me.\" Hope sparked in Beth's chest. \"Of course!\" Beth's heart fluttered and soared, surprising even her. She came down off her quick high with a sweet giggle. \"Let's meet somewhere,\" she decided, blinking in thought. \"I know! Let me buy you some ice cream.\" Uncertainty clouded Kate's reply. \"But, Beth, you don't eat\" \"I know,\" Beth hushed her fondly. \"but you do,\" she said it as though it were the most obvious and precious notion in the world to her. \"I really want to get you some, Kate.\" A sigh sounded over the phone, and, after a few moments of thought, Kate relented. \"Okay,\" she sighed in defeat. \"but, only if I can bring you a snack that you can eat, too.\" Beth would have waved her hand dismissively if Kate had been here to see it. \"Sure, sure,\" she clicked her tongue and eyed the newest arrival in the library. The librarian. \"I'll be there by nine-thirty,\" Kate told her. Beth smiled against the phone. \"It's a date.\" The words resonated in Beth's head, and she almost felt dizzy from them. Swallowing hard, she tried to focus on a quick goodbye to Kate. \"See you in class,\" Kate promised. \"'Bye,\" Beth choked out the word swiftly before sliding her phone shut and shoving it into her pocket. She exhaled with great effort, and then looked around. Her head felt fuzzy with confusion and disbelief. If only that word were true. An evening with Kate, an actual date , that sounded perfect. Beth couldn't ignore the fear in the pit of her stomach. There was no reassurance for this. It was taboo to even think about. Beth bundled up her nerves, as well as her belongings, and then headed out of the library. For once, it wasn't so comforting being lost within her thoughts. She only felt as though she was drowning in private chaos and apprehension. * * * A cool breeze drew goosebumps on Beth's exposed legs as she waited outside the Coldstone creamery. She had foolishly chosen one of her blue jean miniskirts for their evening excursion. Either by purposeful intent or subconscious effort, it didn't matter. Beth found herself regretting the choice of dress, regardless of her long-sleeved, green shirt. She hid her hands within her sleeves and crossed her arms over her chest. Suddenly, she wished Kate would get here sooner; however, a subliminal nag in the depths of Beth's mind screamed for Kate to not even show up at all. It would be torture , it was screaming. Yet, Beth had paid it no mind. She was intentionally deaf to any out-of-place thought of Kate that crossed her mind tonight. Right now, Beth needed her best friend. She couldn't be caught up in thoughts that didn't even make any sense to her. She had just broken up with her girlfriend. Granted, they had only dated for three months, and Beth felt no emotional attachment whatsoeverbut that was beside the point. A night out with Kate was just what she needed to wind down, and that was what she was going to have. Only two minutes passed before Kate's familiar BMW buzzed up to a stop near the front of the creamery. Beth put on her flashiest and best smile and waggled her fingers happily at her friend. Kate smiled, cut the engine, and then stepped out, a paper bag in one hand. \"Hey,\" Kate breathed, after locking her car and sauntering over. \"Did you miss me?\" \"Always,\" Beth grinned and touched Kate's shoulder affectionately. \"What's in the bag?\" \"I told you I was going to find you a snack, didn't I?\" Beth giggled and swatted at Kate's arm playfully. \"You didn't!\" \"Hold on,\" Kate was grinning ear-to-ear. \"Just wait until you see what it is first.\" Beth looked on eagerly, her eyes widening as Kate produced a silver spoon and handed it to her. She watched as Kate reached into the bag and lifted out a moderately-sized carton of ice cream. \"It's Purely Decadent ,\" Kate announced proudly. \"Oh, my God, Kate! You little rat!\" Beth's eyes glittered with adoration for her best friend. That ice cream was not only Beth's absolute favorite, but notably Vegan certified, as well. \"Dairy free, and it's your favorite: pecan praline!\" A feeling of warmth and admiration tickled the pit of Beth's stomach. Her heart was beating quickly in her chest as she received the ice cream from Kate. \"Kate, honey,\" she began to speak, but found herself at a loss with all those feelings fluttering recklessly within her. \"Thanks so much. You have no idea how amazing you are.\" Beth's knees felt tweaked with emotion. She had to steady herself, lest she fall victim to their intent to buckle. What's wrong with me? she questioned herself inwardly, all while her eyes shined with affection. \"I have a general idea,\" Kate noted both comically and humbly, as she wrapped an arm around Beth's back. Warmth instantly spread to that area, and Beth stood dumbfounded for a couple of seconds. Beth's body felt as though it was going absolutely crazy. She needed to act fast. \"Ready to go inside, pretty girl?\" Beth winked at her teasingly and moved to hold the door open for her. Tactfully, she put her ice cream back into the bag for now. The last thing she wanted was for the people of Coldstone to flip their lids. \"Yes,\" Kate concluded with a smile, as she walked inside. Beth soon bought Kate a gracious waffle cone of cherry cheesecake ice creamKate's favoritewith extra cherries. Once they had gotten plenty of napkins, the two girls headed outside and sat themselves on the concrete rim of a beautiful, running fountain. \"Mmmm,\" Beth hummed as she took the first spoonful of her own ice cream. \"God, this is so good! I haven't had ice cream in forever .\" Kate giggled while her own spoon rested between her lips. \"I know! This is delicious ,\" The blonde licked her lips and smiled over at Beth. \"Can I try some of yours? I've never had dairy free ice cream before.\" \"Definitely,\" Beth scooped some ice cream onto her own spoon, and then held it out to Kate for her to taste. Immediately, she regretted her decision. As she watched Kate's lips gingerly close around her spoon, she felt a familiar twinge in her lower belly. Beth tried her absolute hardest to ignore that telltale feeling, but she could do little to stop her newly rapid heartbeat as she watched her best friend try some of her ice cream. Beth was in agony at the sight. Kate had gone from gorgeous to completely sexy in half a second. Shit! Beth desperately tried to will those thoughts away again. She was getting far too caught up in all of them. A pleased noise sounded in Kate's throat as she tasted the ice cream, and Beth could only look on with a veiled expression of desire. \"That's actually really good! Really, really good!\" Kate told her, as she moved back to look at her friend. Beth nodded and pursed her lips for a moment. \"What?\" Her eyes danced with playfulness. \"You didn't think it would be?\" \"Oh, no, Beth\" \"Shhh,\" Beth cooed. \"I know, Kate. I just love messing with you.\" Kate rolled her eyes good-naturedly. \"I really should be used to your tricks by now,\" she said with a grin. \"No,\" Beth shook her head. \"Then it'd never be exciting or new!\" Kate said nothing as she wiggled her eyebrows and licked her ice cream. Beth reminded herself to breathe. In that moment, Beth watched her with candid appreciation. She giggled once and softly, and then looked away, her heels clacking against the wall of the fountain. \"I'm really glad I got to see you tonight,\" Beth admitted gently. Kate's eyes moved quickly over to Beth. Beth felt instant gratification at the faint blush that teased Kate's cheeks. \"Me too,\" Kate took another taste of her ice cream before continuing. \"Work was killing me. My feet are throbbing.\" A laugh escaped her. Beth snickered. \"I could always give you a foot massage. What're friends for, right?\" A smirk dappled Beth's expression. She knew that giving Kate a foot massage would hardly be something innocent. \"Gosh, that sounds amazing, actually,\" Kate gushed, a giggle soon following. \"I seriously can't feel them at all!\" \"Then, let's do it now!\" \"Beth, no!\" Kate squealed as Beth set down her carton of ice cream and began to reach for her feet. Beth was grinning wildly now. Just the idea of touching any part of Kate's soft, tempting skin gave her a rush. \"Come on!\" Beth smirked, her fingers wrapping around Kate's ankle tightly. Kate screeched in surprise and reared backward, toward the fountain. The brunette immediately reached for her friend, grasping onto her arm before she fell in. \"Be careful, silly,\" Beth chided her playfully. Kate was breathing heavily from all of her giggles. \"Beth, I swear I'm so ticklish on my legs!\" \"Really?\" purred Beth, her fingertips trailing up Kate's ankle, past the jeans that concealed them. It went unnoticed how dangerously she bent over. \"Beth!\" Kate squeaked the word as she tried fruitlessly to yank her leg away. \"I promised you a foot massage,\" Beth spoke charmingly. \"But!\" \"Katie\" Beth trilled, her husky voice sounding even more alluring. Their eyes locked briefly, and Beth felt something similar to lightning striking in the pit of her stomach. Her head lurched, and her mouth grew dry instantaneously. Kate must have felt the intensity of the moment, because she jerked her head away, her gaze falling to the ground. \"Look at me,\" Beth prompted, her green eyes shimmering with curiosity and emotion. Her own unease was beginning to gnaw at her insides. Something had to be done. Kate was visibly hesitant, Beth noted; however, after a moment, the pretty blonde looked at her friend with her gorgeous, rounded blue eyes. \"Now let me see your pretty, little foot, Kate Emily Spencer!\" Beth shrieked suddenly, causing Kate to jerk and squirm. \"No! No!\" Kate howled with laughter. Her ice cream (which was amazingly still poised in her right hand) was teetering dangerously toward the ground, but neither girl took any notice. Beth, who had now successfully taken Kate's leg onto her lap, grinned with tangible satisfaction. \"I've got yo\" Just as Beth gloated on her victory, Kate unintentionally kicked her leg. Beth let out something along the lines of a husky squeal, and then wobbled backward into the water of the large fountain. Beth landed ungracefully, her legs propped up, against the fountain. Water splashed in all directions, and Kate immediately dropped her ice cream on the ground as she covered her mouth in hushed shock. \"Oh, my gosh!\" Kate squeaked and leapt into action. \"Beth, here, let me\" Beth began to giggle. The water was filthy, and it reeked of sewage. The last thing she wanted was for Kate to smell the same. \"It's okay,\" Beth spoke over the noise of the water. It sounded louder than ever now, perhaps because the filter was mere inches from her backside. \"Beth, oh, my gosh I'm so sorry!\" Kate's face was dark red with embarrassment. \"I'll help you! Give me your hand!\" Kate extended her hand, as if to better emphasize her demands, and Beth merely watched her. \"I can get up,\" Beth insisted with a grin. \"I don't want you to smell like shit, too.\" Kate bit her lip, looking cute and distressed. Beth's grin grew ten times its size now. \"Beth, it's okay. I mean, it was m-my fault, and\" Kate was crawling over the fountain's edge now, her covered knees pressed against the rough concrete. \"Kate, I don't think that's a good idea,\" Beth warned her gently, as she pushed herself up, trying to stand. Rusting, stray coins and manmade algae prevented her from doing so, and she silently cursed. \"I'm fine, really.\" Kate looked at Beth long and hard. For a moment, it looked as though she was about to cry. Beth blinked with concern. \"Kate, what's wrong?\" As if to show her deference, Kate purposefully slipped into the fountain beside Beth, water flying in all directions yet again. Beth opened her mouth in shock and disbelief, but then closed it again as the foul-tasting water attempted to gain access. \"You crazy, little bitch!\" Beth proclaimed in surprise and admiration. \"Kate Spencer!\" Kate was laughing now, long, heartfelt laughs that shook her body to its core. Beth smiled as she watched her. She had never seen her friend have so much fun before. \"This water is awful!\" Kate droned, as she cupped some in her hand and tossed it at Beth. Beth averted her head and returned the favor. \"Yeah,\" said Beth, her eyes narrowed. \"and if we stay long enough, we'll be in an even grosser place\" Her green eyes flickered as she tossed a stray penny past Kate's hand, intentionally missing. \" jail !\" \"No way,\" Kate laughed. \"We're still seventeen! If we're lucky, they'll just pack us up and ship us over to juvenile hall.\" \"Juvey's too good for us, Kate,\" Beth reproached her warmly. \"They'll put us under house arrest at my apartment.\" Kate gasped in disapproval. \"Beth, hush!\" she scooped up some water and flung it at her again. Beth's lips creased into a fond smile. Her own legs were freezing, and she hadn't even noticed. Mental note , Beth reminded herself solemnly, wear pants the next time I even think of taking Kate near a fountain . \"Let's get out of this thing before we both catch the bird flu, or something,\" Beth announced, as she gripped at the side of the fountain. Kate narrowed her eyes in confusion at Beth's prophetical diagnosis, but dismissed it with a giggle. \"Here,\" Beth said, as she very carefully stood herself up in the fountain and extended her hand to Kate. Slowly and delicately, Beth lifted Kate up. She was careful to keep a close watch on Kate's footing, just in case. \"Thanks,\" Kate smiled and brushed her blond hair behind her ears. It looked wet and sticky, but even more unbelievably gorgeous. Its natural curl was something that Beth truly admired and adored. Self-control threatened to fail her as she envisioned being able to coil her own fingers around Kate's beautiful strands of golden blond hair. \"Mmhm,\" Beth's words fled from her as she looked into Kate's pretty blue eyes. They were bright and alert, and abruptly Beth realized that her hold on Kate's slender wrist had sustained itself. She had yet to let go; she hadn't wanted to. Kate's eyes stared back into hers uncertainly. Beth felt lighthearted when she thought she sensed a calm questioning in Kate's eyes. She shivered, half from cold and half from longing as she watched Kate. \"I'm cold,\" Kate murmured softly, as she drew her arms around herself. Beth snapped back to attention. \"Oh!\" Her voice quivered slightly. \"Don't you still have my jacket in your car from a few days ago?\" Beth's heart was beating so loudly she was certain that Kate could hear it. That thought only made her even more nervous. \"Yeah, I think so,\" Kate supplied with a gentle smile. \"Let's go, then,\" Beth said resolutely. As Kate shifted, though, readying herself to get out of the fountain, her footing faltered. Beth gasped softly, her arms shooting out to grab a hold of her. She drew Kate into her arms protectively, wrapping them around her back to steady her. Beth's lower belly burned with desire as she realized that a soaking-wet Kate was suddenly pressed against her, breathing heavily with surprise. \"Are you okay?\" Beth asked her hoarsely, concerned. Kate nodded her head. Beth could feel her quickened heartbeat, however. She knew that nearly plunging back into the freezing water had jolted Kate back to attention. \"We can go back to\" Beth paused, as she helped Kate out of the fountain successfully this time. She was going to suggest that they go back to her apartment and both get showers, but even Beth knew that was wishful thinking. Kate was petrified of that section of town, and Beth didn't want to seem desperate after revealing to Kate that she had just broken up with Riley during their ride back to Kate's house within the next few minutes. Kate blinked her eyes curiously. Beth sighed and willed a smile. \"Give me the keys,\" Beth held out her hand. \"I'll drive you home.\" \"Beth, I think I can drive my own car. Just let me drive you home,\" Kate chuckled and furrowed her eyebrows with incredulity. \"Besides, how else will you get home?\" \"I rode the bus over here,\" Beth smirked. \"I'm pretty sure I can ride it back.\" Kate frowned. \"No! Riding the bus late at night? Beth, that makes me nervous. Just let me drive you!\" \"You've obviously never ridden on public transportation before,\" Beth's eyes were glistening with humor. \"It's a party.\" \"Yeah, with really sketchy people!\" \"Are you saying I'm sketchy?\" Beth tried to look hurt, but only succeed in looking highly amused. \"I'm saying that I don't trust those other people with you,\" Kate replied quietly, her eyes full of distress. Beth knew that it would logically be easier for Kate to drive her home, but she didn't want Kate to go through the trouble of maneuvering out of Beth's area of town late at night by herself particularly when Beth knew how terrified Kate was of that district. The brunette would much rather just drive the sopping wet Kate home herself where Kate could comfortably shower and relax in her own home. In any case, Beth had no problem taking the bus. Nevertheless, Beth's heart went out to Kate. Kate always went out of her way to make Beth feel so safe and warm and cared for. It only made Beth adore her even more. She was honestly the best friend that anyone could ever possibly wish for. Beth considered herself infinitely lucky. \"It's just too out of your way,\" Beth reasoned, her eyes locking with Kate's in a silent understanding. Kate sighed. There was this unspoken agreement between the pair of them. Both Kate and she knew that Kate could and would not be able to accurately find her way through that part of town. It was that, and both girls almost knew of Kate's previously voiced fear. Beth could tell that both she and Kate were sharing similar thoughts on the matter. \"Kate,\" Beth's voice was gentle and filled with care. \"If it really bothers you that much, I'll call Ember, okay?\" Hesitance lingered in the air. However, soon Kate sighed, despite her pouting lip of protest. \"That's better than riding the bus with bums,\" she decided. Beth narrowed her eyes teasingly. Normally, she would take considerable offense to that, but she knew, understood, and respected Kate's humor and fully realized that she was just being complex and loving. \"Where do you think I became so witty?\" Beth asked. \"Experiences with public transportation, of course!\" Kate laughed softly and rolled her eyes. \"No,\" Her reply was said with the utmost affection. \"I think everyone knows you were just born that way.\" Beth blinked warmly at her friend before herding Kate toward her blue BMW. She opened the door for the other girl, and then motioned inside the vehicle. \"Your carriage awaits you, my lady,\" Beth cooed with refined pomp and circumstance. Kate curtsied sweetly and sat down in her car, wiggling her fingers playfully at Beth. \"Thank you!\" Beth nodded, stuck her tongue out at her, shut the door behind her, and then wandered over to the driver's side of the car. Though Beth was still sad about being unable to invite Kate over to her apartment, she took consolation in knowing that she could, at least, walk Kate up to her house and perhaps go inside for a moment. Both of the girls knew that they, unfortunately, could not spend the night together tonight. Research papers were calling them to their separate homes, a fact that Beth thoroughly cursed and condemned. Her heart was calling her to Kate. It was frightening, but difficult to deny. Beth felt captivated by Kate's beautiful, soft face, her beckoning curls, her gorgeous figurethose magnificent blue eyes! They all drove Beth up the wall. How had she never noticed before? Sure, there was the Riley Complex in the previous days, but that saga was over now. The fires were over, and all that was left in the ashes was a beautiful angel in the form of Kate. Kate . Just the name made Beth's heart surge with longing. It was forbidden. Being attracted to a best friend only intended heartbreak for a majority of cases. Yet, this felt different. Beth was drawn to her. Kate's sexuality meant nothing; in fact, it had never really crossed Beth's mind to begin with. It would be only be even more heartbreaking for her to think that Kate was overtly heterosexual. Dread nagged at Beth's stomach. To fall for a straight girl was utterly taboo in the lesbian world, and Beth knew it. It was self-destruction, but she didn't care. She was painfully attracted to Kate, and the fact that she knew she wasn't supposed to be only made her infatuation intensify even more.[Chapter 7] School is finally over! Yay. Now I just need a job, haha. Anyway, here you guys go. Thank you so much for all the encouraging reviews! I really appreciate it. For Tracy: who gets all the credit for the inspiration for any and all of the future sexiness that occurs in this story. Heehee! About four months had passed since she had moved to Washington state. Nearly three months had gone by since she had enrolled in Forest Hills High School for her senior year. However, it had been exactly two months and twelve days since the beginning of schoolsince she met Beth Davis. September 2, 2008 : It was a date that rang clearly in Kate's mind. Happiness warmed her heart as she thought back to the first time she laid eyes on Beth. Instantly, she had been shocked by her beauty. Those beautiful green eyes, the way her hair curled and shaped her face, her womanly and flattering figure Beth was still the goddess that Kate saw and openly admired back in September. Now they were best friends. Kate counted her blessings daily. Each time her eyes traced over Beth's sharp, compelling features, a feeling of blissful distress tickled at the pit of Kate's stomach. It was a thrill; it was scary as hell. In the uncomfortable setting of Kate's third block class, she found herself nervous and jittery as she reminisced about her best friend. Part of her was exhilarated by her thoughts, while the other part of her spoke the hushed worries of what was happening to her. Kate felt uncertain, lost even. If only Beth was here now, she rationed, as she stared blankly ahead of her. AP English IV just wasn't doing it for her today. Normally, English was one of her favorite subjects; however, all she could think about was Beth. It wasn't weird Was it? To think of her best friend was normal. It was completely normal. Though, she wasn't so certain about the passing images of Beth alone, in her room, grinning at her, running her fingers through her hair No! Kate bit her bottom lip and nervously looked up at the teacher's whiteboard. She convinced herself that she just needed to relax. There was nothing wrong with thinking of her best friend in such a way. Nothing about thinking of harmlessly taking a swim with Beth, in a bikini, drenched in water Oh, good Lord! Kate wanted to pound her fists into her desk in frustration. The images of Beth, scantily clad, plagued her conscious and subconscious mind, just waiting for their opportune moment to reappear. It made her heart beat with anxiety. Why? She had never thought of another girl this way before. Then again, she had never thought of a boy that way before, either. Placing her number two pencil between her teeth, she chomped down on it lightly. She was nervous and needed to do anything that would keep her from chattering her teeth or willing herself into anxious hyperventilation. Still, a single, persistent thought repeated itself over and over again inside her head: If only Beth was here! Oh, yes. If only. Kate nearly wanted to raise her hand, flag down the teacher, and politely demand a pass to excuse herself pointlessly to the girls' bathroom. Her stomach was flipping with apprehension. Pictures of Beth flooded her mind. She was leaning over Kate, her breath warm against her skin as she pointed something out to Katesomething that Kate couldn't quite decipher or, truthfully, focus on. Their proximities were close, painfully so. Beth's skirt was short, and her top was equally exposing. The tempting curves of her breasts were near, and in Kate's clouded fantasy, she found her subconscious self having a difficult time keeping her eyes away. It was agonizing. The fire in her stomach was strong. Her pulse was racing. Beth was speaking to her now, her voice soft and enticing. Her green eyes sparkled in the dimly lit room as she confidently sustained Kate's near-frantic gaze. And then the thoughts dispersed, leaving Kate entirely hot-and-bothered in her English class, a feeling that she hadhorrifyingly enoughnever experienced before because of another person until now. Gathering her thoughts together, Kate blinked her eyes back to the present, despite herself. The class was finished taking notes on Medieval times, or whatever it was they were studying. Now the students were breaking off in pairs to complete a study guide for their oncoming test. Kate had scarcely realized that a boy had come up to her and shelved his way into the seat just in front of her. \"Hi, Kate,\" he said, setting down his things. Kate looked up dully and dropped her pencil from her mouth, almost embarrassed. \"Uhm,\" she blinked, looking at him oddly. \"Hi.\" \"Think we could work together? I know you're really good at this kind of thing.\" In a rush of slight irritation, Kate almost had the will to say 'no.' Yet, her previous thoughts reentered her mind grudgingly, and her flipping and twisting heart screamed at her to prove herself otherwise by admitting this boy to study with her. \"Okay,\" she sucked her breath in. \"Sure.\" Whatever look of pleasure that passed on the boy's face went unnoticed by Kate as she readied her blank study guide and blank sheet of loose-leaf notebook paper that should have had notes all over it. \"Let's start with the Medieval hierarchy,\" Kate announced lamely. They were studying Medieval literature, but Kate assumed the teacher was covering this area of study as a sort of 'introduction.' The boy looked at her with little interest in the subject, but a certain glimmer in his eyes. Kate's skin was beginning to crawl. \"Okay, so of course, you have kings, queens, and their heirs, but what comes after that?\" she continued to quiz him, if only to keep the personal parts of their conversations at bare minimum. \"I don't know,\" the boy shrugged plainly. \"Knights?\" Kate narrowed her eyes in confusion. \"No\" she realized that she was starting to feel the early pangs of anger, and this boy had done nothing wrong. Sighing, she began to explain the typical hierarchy from those times. As if to better emphasize her growing annoyance, the boy stared at her the entire time, either looking thoughtful or disturbing. \"Kate?\" \"What?\" Kate unintentionally snapped, before catching herself and issuing a tiny smile in a quick act of unenthusiastic reconciliation. \"Well\" The boy looked unsure of himself. Kate narrowed her eyes. Just spit it out! was what she wanted to yell at him. \"I was wondering,\" he began, his eyebrows knitting in the most infuriating of ways. Kate cringed. Just say it! she screamed desperately inside her head. \"Yeah?\" Kate prompted, as nicely as she could manage. \"Would you maybe like to go out sometime? Tonight?\" His words were jumbled and quick, but Kate understood every one of them. Her stomach flipped with disgust. She had to prove something to herself, though. These thoughts of Beththey had to be countered, somehow. She wasn't wellKate clammed up as the unspoken idea struck her hard . \"Yes.\" The word tumbled from Kate's mouth. Yes ? What in the world was she thinking? Her eyes didn't betray the mounting feeling of confusion that pierced her mind. But, she didn't want to go! Kate wanted to sigh and slump back in her seat. The thought of going out with this boy made her feel wretched and hopeless. \"Great!\" the boy was beaming, a glimmer of pride in his eyes. \"Do you want me to pick you up, or?\" \"I'll just meet you,\" Kate droned miserably. Unsurprisingly, the boy didn't even notice her evident plight. \"Cool,\" he decided with a large grin. \"Maybe we could eat at Mainstreet?\" \"Sounds great,\" Kate murmured with a sigh. Out of nowhere, Beth entered her mind again. Her presence was alluring. Her eyes were shining in the dim light of dusk. The beautiful scent that radiated off Beth reminded Kate of various flowers of nature. It was addictive and unforgiving, immediately taking hold of Kate's known consciousness. Kate felt weak and dizzy as she watched Beth's tempting silhouette; it was just out of Kate's reach. Unprecedented arousal clawed at the pit of Kate's stomach just as the mental fantasy dispersed. \"Kate?\" How long that boy had been calling her name, Kate would probably never know. \"Yes?\" Kate replied finally and distractedly. \"I said, 'Is seven o'clock good'?\" \"Yes, that's fine.\" The boy smiled and offered her a piece of paper. Kate tried not to scowl when she realized that it had his phone number on it. \"Call me if you need to,\" he offered pointlessly. Kate merely nodded. Her heart was still beating three times faster than normal. She felt an infinite amount of guilt. She didn't even want to go out with this boy. Oh, Beth! Where are you now? * * * Kate couldn't even remember when this 'date' started. Was it when he called, asking if she was ready mid-hairbrush stroke? Or perhaps it was the time when she met him at the door and caught a curious look from Lori as they departed. Regardless of when it actually began, to Kate, everything ran together in a rush of boredom and fear. This boy was actually nice and gentlemanly. Why couldn't she just enjoy herself and relax? This was her first date, after all. She supposed that she should feel excited, but she didn't. In fact, she felt bothered and testy. One look from the boy across the table and a sickening feeling returned to her stomach. Guiltily, though, Kate had texted Beth before her date. Beth had been very supportive, even happy about Kate's night out with this boy whom she barely even knew. The text played in Kate's head loud and clear: gr8 job, sweetie! my girl's such a sexy catch. ;-) i'm totally jealous of him rite now. With little remorse, Kate wondered if there was any truth in that text. Her cheeks flushed with color as she thought of how Beth had called her 'sexy.' It was something that Beth did all of the time, presumably without thinking. Still, Kate found her heart fluttering with delight at the idea. Surely Beth wouldn't say such a thing so lightly. Despite her joking nature, Beth was the most genuine person Kate had ever met. She always meant what she saidthe good and the bad, even if the latter was few and far between. Still, part of her wanted Beth to be, well, jealous of her date tonight. Beth and Kate always spent time together on nights like this. So, Beth had to miss that tonight. Kate was certain of it. Kate knew that now, more than ever, she missed being with Beth. She was completely out of her comfort zone right now, nearly to the point of tears. No! Kate inwardly reprimanded herself. This was a good date. The boy had been nothing but sweet to her. She was having fun; there was no question about it. As she glanced over at the boy, who sat smiling across from her, she willed the tiniest of smiles. Her lips pursed tightly together as she thought of how forced this date felt. What did that mean, anyway? He was being nothing but nice to her, and yet Kate found herself longing for their food to arrive as quickly as possible. Their exchange of casual conversation made her stomach ache with uncomfortable sentiments. Tugs of displeasure in her abdomen threatened to call her to the bathroom, if only to falsely excuse her earlier lunch of making her feel ill. However, somehow Kate willed herself to staymainly because of the useless pep talk that she kept repeating to herself inside her mind. This is your first date. This boy is nice. You can talk to Beth later. This is fun. Act excited! But she wanted to talk to Beth now . And this wasn't fun. And she wasn't excited. Kate withheld a sigh as the waiter brought them her food. She had blindly ordered a cheeseburger and some fries. She wasn't sure what he had ordered, and she couldn't will herself to look over and find out. Kate nibbled silently on her fries, not even bothering to dip them ketchup as she usually would. This was almost unbearable for her. However, she still felt bad, especially for the boy that looked on with concern in his eyes. This wasn't his fault. This wasn't anyone's fault. This just was. Why Kate felt so confused in the first place thoroughly frustrated her. Even just seven or eight months ago, she would have probably been thrilled at the aspect of someone being interested in her. Though, this was in spite of the fact that she could safely say that she had never truly thought of being with anyone, regardless of their gender. Now she was just perplexed and afraid. She wanted to enjoy this, to be happy and honored that this boy had asked her out on a date, but she couldn't force herself to feel that way, no matter how determined she was to do so. Beth . What was she doing right now? Kate felt compelled to text her. Nevertheless, she was entirely aware of how rude that was, and she wasn't about to compromise someone else's feelings just because she was a case of ruthless inner turmoil. Kate sighed, relenting. The small talk that she was being forced to carry on with this boy was growing thin. It was obvious that this was only going to wind up with both of them feeling uncomfortable. At best, this was a wrongfully initiated date. Or, was Kate just being cynical? The blonde openly furrowed her eyebrows. How long had they been here, anyway? \"Kate?\" the boy began to speak quietly at first, his expression somewhat afflicted. He looked as though he was about to continue talking, but Kate realized that he was hooked on her name and had no intention of pursuing the venture any further. \"I'm sorry,\" Kate giggled, despite herself. She knew that she sounded ridiculous now. \"I'm just a little tired, is all.\" \"It's okay,\" he shrugged. \"You just look I don't know.\" Kate licked her lips, a fire burning in her stomach that suggested that she felt irritated that he would dare bring her mood up. \"I'm having a great time,\" she lied, her eyes as bright as her heart was heavy. It was a good thing this boy didn't know her well, because he merely smiled in response. Evidently that answer was enough to satisfy him. Kate inwardly marveled at his simple-minded nature. \"Good,\" he decided, still smiling to himself. \"Yeah,\" Kate agreed, the awkwardness rearing its ugly head once again. They had finished their meals now. It was difficult to believe that this act of stop-and-go had persisted for nearly forty-five minutes now. Kate was astonished by her brainpower. She clearly handled mental torture better than she had originally thought. Slipping her cell phone (which she had previously used to check the time) back into her purse, she frowned and heaved a sigh as she realized that she had no texts from Beth. Had she made her upset, possibly? The blonde looked across the table again. Her date was looking around, trying to act composed, no doubt. \"Hey,\" Kate called, summoning his attention. \"This has been great, but I really need to get back home. I have to study and stuff.\" And stuff? Kate, what is wrong with you! Kate bit the inside of her bottom lip. She had never been too skilled at lying. Though, she wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing. The boy's eyes flashed briefly with an emotion that Kate couldn't quite place. He was soon laughing slightly, though, and Kate supposed that was a good sign. \"Okay,\" he said finally. \"I'll pick up the check.\" You do that , Kate mused, looking away. Normally, she would have taken a stand and insisted that she paid for it, but right now all she could think about was getting out of here as soon as possible. As soon as he had paid for their food, she bid him goodbye without so much as a hug and jetted out of there. At long last, she was freed from her shackles. Still, she couldn't shake the feeling of dread that was skinning its deadly claws into her heart. She was disappointed in herself, for one. He had been nice to her the entire time, and she had ignored him to a glorified degree. For two, she was upset that she hadn't enjoyed it. It was her first date, and now she would always remember how she couldn't get her mind off her best friend, what she was doing, and who she was with. All throughout the date, those images had returned. Beth's lips lingered close to her neck while her eyes were narrowed to seductive slits. In her fantasy, Kate tilted her head somewhat, giving the other girl complete access. The willing brunette responded to this with a coy smirk as she curled her fingertips against Kate's bare shoulders. As her tantalizing thoughts dissolved away for the hundredth time that night, Kate nearly tripped over her own feet. Her entire body felt hot and flushed both with embarrassment and something elsesomething far more alarming. She needed to go now . Fumbling with her cell phone, she clumsily pressed one of her speed dial numbers. As she calmed her heavy breathing, she bit her lip. Waiting for those two initial rings was beyond the torment of her date. However, as soon as a familiar voice answer, Kate's body shuddered visibly as she leaned against her car. \"Hey,\" she breathed into the receiver. There was a tiny pause before a question of concern was posed. Kate merely swallowed, as she bit back tears of frustrated. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" she murmured. \"My date's over.\" Kate waited for a moment, her mind reeling. She was suddenly glad that she was leaning against her car for support, lest she wind up doubled over on the sidewalk. \"Listen,\" Kate started again, her voice quivering. \"I know it's kind of late, but but could please come over? I really needI just really want to see you right now.\" As Kate listened to the adoring reply on the other end of the line, she nodded her head, affirming the notion to herself. \"Thank you,\" she replied softly. \"I'll see you soon. 'Bye.\" Clicking her phone off, she sighed, blinking her eyes several times to rid them of the tears that were so intent on falling. Everything was going to be all right now, she reasoned with herself, as she climbed into the driver's seat of her car. Just a few more minutes, and she would be homewhere, hopefully, everything would make much more sense. * * * Kate's stomach flipped as she parked her car outside her house. From where she was now, she could clearly see someone pacing worriedly on her porch. She undid her seatbelt and gradually slipped out of her car, her hands trembling slightly. After she had shrugged her purse onto her shoulder, she gathered her nerves and began toward her front porch. \"Kate!\" The declaration of her name sent shivers down Kate's spine. She found herself about to cry as she began the longest walk in history up her steps. \"Thank you so much for coming, Beth,\" Kate whispered softly, as she realized she was unable to meet her Beth's concerned gaze. \"Good God, Kate! Did you think I wouldn't? Honey, are you okay?\" Beth's eyes were wide with apprehension as she rushed forward and drew Kate into her arms. \"What happened?\" \"I just\" \"Kate, if that bastard hurt you, I swear to God!\" \"No,\" Kate's voice broke as she shook her head. She laid her head on Beth's shoulder and breathed in deeply. The alluring scent of Beth's perfume tickled her nose. Soon those visions of Beth's lips loitering so close to her own filled Kate's mind, and she jerked back slightly, much to Beth's surprise. \"Well, what happened?\" Beth demanded warmly, her hands holding onto Kate's arms protectively. \"He was really nice, Beth,\" Kate choked out the words, finally unable to control herself as tears trailed down her flushed face. Beth was immediately on the defensive. Licking her lips anxiously, Beth traced her thumb over Kate's cheek, catching Kate's tears as they fell. \"Okay,\" Beth reasoned gently, taking Kate's hands in hers. \"I just gosh, it was awful!\" Kate blurted out. \"I didn't enjoy it at all. I felt like I was being tortured.\" Beth's frowned deepened. \"Oh, honey,\" she cooed, rubbing Kate's back warmly as she drew her into her arms yet again. \"It's okay. He just wasn't for you, that's all. You don't have to get so upset about it, babe,\" Beth pulled back to look at Kate with a tender smile. \"Do I need to go and kick his ass for you, babe?\" \"No,\" Kate wiped her eyes and sniffed. \"It sucks that he was actually nice. I guess I just\" \"What, Katie?\" Beth asked soothingly. Kate's lips turned upward in a pleasant smile. She had always loved when Beth used that beloved nickname. It truly warmed her heart. \"I couldn't get my mind off\" Kate paused. What was she doing? There was no way on earth that she was going to tell Beth about her wandering mind. Her cheeks turned an embarrassing shade of red. \"I'm just confused.\" Beth ushered Kate over to her porch swing and sat her down, taking her best friend's hands in hers. \"What about?\" Beth prompted, blinking over at Kate curiously. \"It's just this was my first date,\" Kate told her quietly. \"I thought I was supposed to feel excited, but I just felt miserable.\" \"That's okay,\" Beth chuckled and squeezed Kate's hands affectionately. \"You're not going to always feel butterflies and fireworks, sweetheart.\" Kate's belly lurched with emotion. She would be lying to herself if she didn't admit that her stomach was presently crawling with butterflies and erupting with fireworks of passion. Fear gnawed at her mind. Was what Beth was saying really true? Was she speaking from experience? Kate blinked. \"I know,\" Kate admitted almost inaudibly. \"I just didn't care for him at all. I thought I was supposed to feel honored or at least kind of attracted to him, but I didn't.\" Kate knew that she was really risking Beth figuring her out, but she almost didn't mind. She just couldn't bring herself to admit it directly. Watching as Beth studied her with warmth and interest, Kate swallowed nervously again. There had been countless occasions where Kate had longed to know precisely what was going through Beth's mind, but she wished for that now more than ever. \"That's still okay, Kate,\" Beth advised her fondly, after a moment. \"He won't be the last one that makes you feel this way.\" Aggravation pried at Kate's mind. \"But\" Kate sighed and looked to her feet. \"What if what if I didn't feel attracted to the idea of going out again.\" with a boy . Kate cursed herself for being too timid to finish that sentence. Beth blinked her eyes and tilted her head somewhat. Before she answered, she pushed her curly brown hair behind her ears and continued to look thoughtful. \"Then, you could always be asexual!\" Beth laughed and tickled the palm of Kate's hand with her fingers. \"That's perfectly okay, too. You shouldn't feel like you have to date anyone, Kate.\" Kate sighed heavily again. This wasn't getting anywhere fast. She wished more than anything that Beth could understand what she was trying to convey, regardless of how vague Kate was currently being. \"I don't want to be asexual,\" Kate said somewhat sadly. Being asexual sounded like a gift from above at this point. At least then she wouldn't feel so wretched and mystified. \"I am attracted to some people, that's the thing. I'm just really confused.\" \"'Some people?'\" Beth took her turn looking confused. \"Kate what do you mean, exactly?\" Kate's heart was drumming loudly in her chest. She felt choked up and afraid. The look in Beth's eyes reflected her own confusion and alarm. Maybe Kate was being more obvious than she originally intended. \"I-I I don't know,\" Kate confessed, her breathing becoming more strained as she forced herself to hold Beth's gaze. This moment was excruciating for Kate. Frighteningly enough, she found it extremely difficult to pry her eyes away from Beth's tempting and perfect-looking lips. She was scaredmore scared than she had ever felt in her life. This couldn't be normal. She wasn't supposed to feel this way. \"Katie,\" Beth's voice was a soft and comforting coo. Kate realized that her panic must be showing in her eyes. She licked her lips again and looked up at her best friend with pleading gaze. In an heartbeat, Beth had her left hand's fingers twined with Kate's in a reassuring manner. Heat immediately rushed to that part of Kate's body, causing her to want to rear back in alarm. However, Kate kept herself calm for the time being. She watched Beth with a veiled look of concern and desire, her eyes blinking rarely as she found herself back in the midst of one of her seductive and dark fantasies. Suddenly, the pair of them weren't outside anymore. They were in Kate's room, and the lights were dim. Shadows danced and stretched along the darkened blue shade of Kate's walls. Kate sat on her bed, her eyes clouded with obvious yearning. She searched out for the object of her desire, only to find Beth sitting directly next to her, her eyes dark with longing. Beth's fingertips curled against Kate's bare thigh now, causing Kate's eyes to roll back slightly in delight. A soft whimper sounded from her, and Beth took this as a wonderful sign. Sighing quietly, Kate grasped at Beth's arm, urging her to continue, begging for contact. In that moment, Beth's eyes fluttered halfway closed as she leaned forward at such an agonizingly slow pace that it gradually began to drive Kate crazy. Her stomach was aflame with arousal as Beth's lips stopped mere centimeters from her own. But, suddenly, Kate realized something. The darkness of her fantasy faded to the obscurity of the night as Beth and her sat side-by-side on the porch still. Beth's fingers had somehow found their way amongst the soft and pretty strands of Kate's blond hair. Kate shuddered, her eyes flying open instantaneously. Disbelief flooded through her as she saw that Beth's lips were only a couple of centimeters from her own. Kate could have fainted, simply by how quickly her heart was beating. In an instant, Beth must have realized what had happened, because she sharply pulled away from Kate. For the first time in Kate's life, she thought that she spotted a look of embarrassment and a tint of redness on her best friend's face. Silence pierced both of them like a thorn. \"I\" Beth blinked her eyes several times, visibly distressed by what she had almost just done. \"I'm sorry, Kate. I, uhyou you probably need to just rest.\" Her words were rushed; Kate frowned. Thoughts floated in Kate's mind, refusing to allow her beating heart to slow its pace. Why had Beth stopped? Her mind screamed, frightening Kate even further. Had that really just happened? Oh, God . \"I need to go,\" Beth announced in a rush, as she let Kate's hand slip from hers. Kate realized that Beth's hands were clammy and shaking somewhat. \"I'm sorry. I justI have to go and meet my sister. Call me, okay?\" Kate watched helplessly as Beth murmured a quick and final goodbye before hurriedly walking over to her Escalade, climbing inside, and starting it. As soon as Beth's car was out of sight, Kate shuddered again. She wasn't sure what to believe. She was upset that Beth had left her in such a disarray; however, at the same time, she was almost glad that her fantasy hadn't thrown itself into reality. Her fantasies made her ill at ease and flustered; she wasn't at all ready for them to verify their authenticity by shoving themselves into her daily life. She was far from ready to admit that her fantasies were anything more than just stress or misconstrued thoughts. Besides, it wasn't as though she was gay, or anything.[Chapter 8] Thank you for all the wonderful, magnificent feedback! :) My muse is on a roll. I have brilliant plans for these lovely girls. Thank you , Tracy, darling. You helped me immensely with this chapter, my love! You are truly my muse and inspiration. Beth slouched in a heap of annoyance on her couch, her legs folded carelessly beneath her. Running her tongue over her lips, she sighed heavily, her eyes looking about ready to pop out of her head in a rush of paranoia and anxiety. What's wrong with me? The question resonated in Beth's mind. You can't just go around trying to kiss your straight best friend, Beth. Life doesn't work that way. Sure, it didn't. Beth sighed and squeezed her green eyes shut in an attempt to relax. It had been more than an hour and a half since she had left Kate's house. She had tried everything to calm her nerves: mediating, incense, soothing musicnothing was working for her. All she could think about was her stupid, insensitive mistake. That's right , Beth jibed herself inwardly. Remember who screwed up the relationship next time you see her. \"God,\" Beth groaned to herself. \"Why are women so damn complicated?\" \"Lay off the weed, sis,\" Ember whirred, causing Beth to nearly leap from her uncomfortably comfortable possible on the couch. \"You're talking to yourself again.\" \"No one asked you to listen,\" Beth shot back tensely, though with that veiled sensitivity that showed she was kidding. \"What kind of lesbian melodrama do I get to hear about today?\" Ember asked, as she straddled the leg of the couch idly. \"Nothing,\" Beth retorted defensively. \"Everything's fine.\" Beth watched as Ember glanced over her own shoulder distractedly, as though she had forgotten something. A moment later, her sister was on her feet again, in preparation to do something or another. \"Sky, I know you take me for a dumbass, but\" Ember waggled her index finger at Beth threateningly. \" don't . Now, what's going on with you?\" Good-natured irritation revealed itself in her characteristically rough voice. \"I'm just an idiot!\" Beth exclaimed with a loud groan. \"I just screwed up really bad, Em.\" Ember tilted her head and moved over absentmindedly into their tiny kitchenette. \"Explain,\" the pink-and-black-haired young woman decided, as she began to root through the fridge. Beth narrowed her eyes in her sister's general direction and drew her legs up close to her, wrapping her arms around them. \"I just I don't know,\" Beth murmured, feeling hopeless. What had happened, anyway? One moment, Kate's eyes had fluttered closeand the next, Beth had felt a rush of emotion, an unavoidable desire to kiss her. Beth's stomach flipped with anticipation as she recalled the almost-kiss. It made her crawl with nervousness and fear. Had she ruined their friendship? Beth frowned, a deep pang of sorrow raking through her body suddenly. If she lost Kate, she wasn't sure what she would do. \"Well?\" Ember prompted, reappearing in the living area that Beth was presently in, with a mug of something or another in her right hand. \"I almost kissed Kate,\" Beth admitted, still feeling the sting of her words. Ember just looked at her for a moment, her hazel eyes narrowed in confusion. \"What's your point?\" her sister wondered blandly. Beth felt anger flare in her stomach. \"You don't get it, do you? She's straight!\" Beth barked unnecessarily. \"She'll probably never talk to me again.\" Ember rolled her eyes and took a sip of whatever it was she was drinking. Beth couldn't help but feel another rush of rage pass through her. Why was her sister even indulging her with this conversation if she didn't care to listen? She frowned once again. \"You're overreacting,\" Ember told her bluntly. \"Kate's your best friend, right?\" her sister made it obvious that the question was rhetorical as she heavily plopped down on the couch next to Beth. \"Well, then she won't give a shit whether or not you tried to make a move on her.\" \"Says you,\" Beth countered, rolling her eyes at the other girl. \"Kate's fragile, Em.\" \"Being 'fragile' doesn't mean she's ignorant,\" Ember looked irritated. \"She's friends with you , isn't she?\" Beth narrowed her eyes again distastefully. What had her sister meant by that, anyway? Ember knew that Kate and Beth were inseparable. Was she insinuating that Kate wouldn't be her friend for some reason? Ember certainly had some nerveBeth stopped. She was being far too sensitive and painfully hormonal. She really needed to relax. \"Yeah,\" Beth mumbled, after a long silence. \"There you go,\" Ember offered indifferently. \"You're kind of an asshole, kind of a flower child freak, and kind of impulsive, Sky. She's a saint for putting up with you. What makes you think she's going to give up now, after all the time she's spent, dealing with your bullshit?\" Beth was used to her sister's brash way of speaking. It was endearing to her, in a strange way. However, Ember's words struck her deeply: she was right. Beth knew that Kate cared deeply for her. The looks that Kate gave her told Beth that much. Kate would understand. If anything, why freak out when Beth wasn't even sure of Kate's view on it all? Beth smiled and shook her head. \"Em, you're kind of a backwards bitch, but you're right,\" Beth admitted with a purposefully overly dramatic sigh. Ember took a gracious sip from her mug and shrugged nonchalantly. \"What can I say? When my baby sister screams for advice: I listen; I give; and I succeed,\" Ember jabbed Beth with her elbow. \"Sure,\" Beth laughed, knowing full well that this was far from the truth. \"So, now that we've got your drama out of the way,\" Ember began, causing Beth to glance at her uncertainly through the corners of her eyes. \"Oh, no,\" Beth breathed sardonically, and then turned her body so that she could see her sister better. \"Gavin's on his way over,\" Ember told her plainly. Beth narrowed her eyes, but otherwise refused to indulge that notion. Ember was quick, though, and hardly missed her sister's obvious disapproval. \"Look, I knew you'd be pissed about it,\" she rolled her eyes. \"So, how about you just go hang out somewhere cool, all right? I have twenty dollars from work, and\" \"Don't worry about it,\" Beth said hurriedly, as she pushed herself up and off the couch. She tried to hide her hurt and anger over the situation. \"I'll just find something to do myself.\" \"Sky, remember, it'slike\" Ember looked to the nearest clock. \"Almost eleven o'clock at night. Don't piss off the cops, or anything.\" \"I won't,\" Beth replied bitterly, as she trudged toward her room to retrieve her laptop and coat. \"When is he leaving?\" Her voice called. \"I dunno,\" Ember shrugged to herself. \"He'll probably spend the night.\" Beth frowned and paused in mid-step. With a sigh of defeat, she allowed her shoulders to slump. \"Okay,\" Beth called sullenly. \"That's fine.\" Realizing that there was no sense in trying to gather up her things for a brief outing, Beth snatched up her wallet and cell phone and exited her room, locking her door behind her. \"Stay out of my room,\" Beth warned her sister, her green gaze searing her. Ember narrowed her eyes, but held her hands up in compromise. \"Hey,\" she said. \"We'll only be in mine.\" Beth just sighed and headed toward the front door. The urge to call Kate was strong, but she wasn't even sure if that was a viable option anymore. * * * A day had passed since their awkward scene on Kate's porch, and Kate's mind was still caught up in a daze. They had barely texted, much less talked since then. Beth had uncomfortably called Kate to check on her this morning, but Kate could easily pinpoint the sadness and regret in her voice, as well as a considerable amount of physical exhaustion. She had been tempted to ask why, but she had decided against it. The logical and empathetic part of Kate wanted to tell Beth that she was coming over, that she didn't care that they had almost kissed. After all, they were best friends. However, the confused and irrational part of Kate worried that her obvious feelings for Beth would only worsen their current situation. Therefore, she had decided to swipe her mother's grocery list and get out of her house. Kate felt ill that her mother was out with yet another unknown man, so she supposed that productivity would ease all of her woes. As she slipped into the store, she grabbed a grocery cart and gazed at the list curiously. \"Nice,\" Kate commented sarcastically to herself. The list was ten words long at best: cake mix, chocolate icing, ice cream, sprinkles, Snickers, Skittles, M&Ms;, Airheads, steak, fish sticks, and coffee mix. Kate's nose wrinkled in disbelief. Really, Mom? Smiling to herself, she shook her head and continued to cruise down the aisles with her cart. She supposed it wouldn't hurt if she picked up some food that wouldn't give them both heart attacks. Stifling a yawn, Kate made her way down the aisles, subconsciously ignoring the chicken, beef, and pork as she passed the processed meats section. Looking ahead of herself, she paused when she reached the fruit yogurts. Her house hadn't had these in a while. Shoveling a few into her cart, she kept on going, steering away from the cheeses as she made her way down the cereal aisle. Strangely, Kate couldn't help but think that she had eyes on her. Ever since she had gotten out of her car, she had felt as though she was being watched. Even now, as she picked through the boxes of cereal, she found herself glancing around, checking to see if anyone was around. Of course, there was no one there. In her line of sight, anyway. \"Kate!\" called a voice, almost entirely foreign to the blonde. Kate withheld a squeak of surprise as she allowed the Lucky Charms that she was holding to fall to the ground. Sharply turning her head, she couldn't help but stare in complete incredulity at the person who had called her name. \"R-Riley?\" Kate's eyes were wide with shock. \"Hey, sorry,\" Riley told her, as she bent down to pick up the box of cereal that Kate had dropped. \"Didn't mean to scare you.\" \"It's okay,\" Kate fibbed, adding a shrug. What was Beth's ex-girlfriend doing here, talking to her , of all people? In silence, Kate placed the box back on the shelf, unwilling to take it home after all the commotion. \"So,\" Riley began, her eyes never once leaving Kate. \"I just wanted to say 'I'm sorry.'\" Kate narrowed her eyes. She didn't know Riley personally. Beth, despite rather mean scenes Kate had witnessed Riley playing in, had never said anything terribly unkind about her ex-girlfriend. In fact, Beth had rarely mentioned her at all. \"Uh\" Kate was at a loss for words. \"For what?\" \"I don't know,\" Riley shrugged. With a sigh, she continued: \"I've just felt so awful since well, since Beth and I broke up. It really hurts, you know?\" Kate blinked. Perhaps it was just her natural pull, but Kate had always searched for the positive traits in everyone. Riley was no different. Reluctantly, Kate realized that she was beginning to feel pity for the other blonde. Taking this cue, Riley propped her hand on one of her hips. \"I just didn't want you to think I was this horrible person,\" she reasoned. \"I mean, you're Beth's best friend. I still want to be friends with her, too.\" Kate's heart was beating wildly. There was something strange about being around Beth's ex-girlfriend. Was there some sort of taboo about talking to your best friend's ex? Kate didn't know, honestly. This established best friend 'thing' was still quite novel to her. \"I-I I never thought you were,\" Kate said truthfully, her eyebrows knitting together. \"Beth's never said anything bad about you, either.\" Riley, for a moment, looked genuinely surprised. Though, after a small laugh, she reinforced her theory with a smile. \"I know,\" Riley told her. \"Beth's a really nice person, isn't she?\" Her eyes were suddenly filled with what Kate recognized to be sadness. \"I don't blame her, or anything.\" Kate tilted her head and found her grip tightening on the bar of her grocery cart. She felt bad for Riley. She looked as though she was entirely affected by not being in a relationship with Beth anymore. She looked heartbroken. \"Yes, she is,\" Kate replied, still feeling a little confused about this whole situation. \"You two still hang out, right?\" Riley wondered casually, before laughing again. \"No, of course you do. You're always together.\" There was something bizarre about this whole ordeal. Kate couldn't even begin to pretend that this was natural. \"I, ah\" Kate paused, shaking her head. \"I'm sorry. This is all a little\" \"Weird?\" Riley grinned. \"Kate, I'm Beth's friend, too. You don't have to feel weird around me.\" \"I guess so\" Kate's voice was full of hesitance. She needed to talk to Beth. In a way, she felt immensely guilty for talking to Riley so candidly. Yet, it wasn't as though she was betraying Beth, or anything. She would never do that. Riley reached out, touching Kate's arm gently. Kate looked at her awkwardly, forcing the smallest of smiles. \"Look, Kate,\" Riley began, watching Kate with a gaze that never seemed to waver. \"Why don't we hang out more, get to know each other?\" she smiled. \"We can start overbe friends.\" Be friends? Kate's head was reeling. What was going on? First, Beth and she had almost kissed. Now Riley MatthewsBeth's ex-girlfriend, the girl who had openly struck her down upon first meeting herwanted to hang out with her. Was this even happening right now? Kate almost felt as though she needed to just get away, to lie down somewhere. \"Riley, uh\" Kate narrowed her eyes, feeling more than just a little uncomfortable. \"I don't really know you that well.\" Riley's lips tightened to form what Kate assumed was supposed to constitute a smile. \"That's why we should hang out,\" Riley announced with that curious grin. \"I already have your number. So, I can text you, and we'll make plans.\" Kate's pulse was quickening. She was getting an unnerving rush from all of this. \"How did you\" \"Beth gave it to me,\" Riley admitted quickly, laughing it off. \"Well, I kind of saw it in her phone, you know. I asked if I could have it.\" \"Oh,\" Kate's shoulders fell somewhat; she supposed that was all right. Though, that seemed a bit out of character for Beth. \"So, you up for it?\" Riley asked again, this time stepping closer to Kate. Kate wanted to step back, away from her, but she refrained. \"I don't know. I mean, I'm really busy. Semester exams are almost here,\" Kate replied anxiously. She wasn't exactly lying. Her loyalty to Beth just ran too deep. Riley instantly began to frown. She swallowed hard and looked away. Kate's mouth slipped open ever so slightly. She hoped that she hadn't upset or offended her. \"Oh,\" Riley murmured dejectedly. \"I get it.\" \"No, it's not that I\" Kate paused, trying to figure out what she was trying to say to the other girl. \"I'm just so busy, and\" \"Kate, just say that you don't want to,\" Riley shrugged her purse back onto her shoulder, preparing to leave. \"No!\" Kate defended herself swiftly. \"I didn't say that at all.\" \"Is this because of how I yelled at you that one time?\" Riley wondered, out of the blue. \"Kate, I'm really sorry. That was so long ago.\" Kate couldn't help but feel a twinge of anger. 'Yelling at' her was a severe understatement. 'Verbally assaulting' her sounded more like the truth, in Kate's eyes. \"No, Riley,\" Kate sighed, licking her lips nervously. \"It's not that.\" \"What is it?\" Riley asked, still frowning. This was so wrong. Kate could feel the guilt creeping all over her skin, twisting its way into her very core. This wasn't right. Somehow, she felt as though this would be treading in bad territory. Beth wouldn't like this. No , Kate told herself, Beth wouldn't care. Beth has no bad feelings for anyone. \"Actually,\" Kate forced the word out of her mouth. \"Sure. We can hang out.\" Riley's eyes seemed to glimmer with delight. \" Really ?\" Riley squeaked out the word before throwing her arms around Kate excitedly. \"That's great! I'll just text you later, okay?\" Kate remained as stiff as possible as Riley hugged her. All that was evident on Kate's expression was an uncomfortable smile. \"Yes,\" Kate replied, trying to keep herself from sighing. \"Okay.\" \"See you later, Katie!\" Riley called over her shoulder, as she trudged away, her strangely empty cart in tow. Kate cringed. That nickname worked with no one other than Beth. Her guilt returned to her, fresh and strong, as the uncalled-for nickname resonated within her head. Trying to ignore it, Kate pushed her cart along. She busied herself with shopping, hoping to rid herself of the guilt that was gnawing away at her conscience. * * * Seven texts. That was all she had gotten from Kate all day. Beth sighed, her chin resting on her arms, that had drawn her legs up close to her. This was the second night that she had spent in the lobby. She hadn't slept virtually a wink, but she certainly preferred it to being around her sister's asinine boyfriend. The lobby of the apartment was cold and dirty-looking, but Beth didn't care. Staring at her phone, she realized that it was ten o'clock at night. Kate would still be awake, she decided, probably studying or having a snack. With a frown, she slid her phone open and stared at the keypad. How could words justify how she felt when she couldn't explain them? They would either come out all wrong or come out just decently. What she needed was a 'perfect' or 'just right.' Kate, I'm sorry, but I'm not. I'm sorry that I pushed you away, but as for almost kissing you I miss you. No. Beth sighed. That sounded sleazy and unforgiving. How was she supposed to sound gentle and honest? She wanted Kate to understand her, not shun her. I miss you, Katie. I hope I can see you again really soon. Are we okay? Oh, God , no. That sounded absolutely desperate. Besides, they weren't even dating. They were best friends. Beth wrinkled her nose. As she began to lightly press the keys with her thumbs, she hoped that luck was shining on her in that moment. She wanted her words to mend things. She wanted her sweet Katie Spencer back. Suddenly, Beth stopped texting. This wasn't right. She needed to call her. Texting her was the easy way out. It was cheap and uncaring. Beth pursed her lips into another frown. It hadn't occurred to Beth just how much she missed Kate, given that they had barely spoken all day. She missed her voice, her laugh, her audible smiles as they talked. Pulling her legs closer to her chest, she stared at her phone. She was going to call her. They needed to talk. This whole thing needed to just blow over, and that wasn't about to happen unless one of them caved. Beth was going to be the first to take the plunge. \"Kate?\" Beth whispered softly into the receiver of the phone. \"Sweetie, I'm so sorry we haven't talked all day.\" Beth's lips curved into a fragile and tender smile as she heard her best friend's voice on the other end of the line. She almost felt like crying. It was incredible to hear Kate's sweet and soft giggle again. \"I know,\" Beth continued. \"I'm sorry. I want to clear all of this up,\" she told her genuinely, her voice lowering to its natural and soothing coo. \"Can I please see you again? I miss you.\" An immediate and larger smile swept across Beth's features at Kate's response. She sounded just as eager and thrilled to see her again as Beth did. It was such a relief to hear her this way. \"I can't wait to see you, Katie,\" Beth told her sweetly, breathing a sigh of reprieve. \"How about we meet for breakfast tomorrow? I'll take you out.\" Beth's face paled suddenly. \"Tonight? Kate, no way ,\" she tried to laugh it off. \"It'll be ten-thirty by the time you get here, honey. It's dangerous. I don't want you to be scared.\" Beth couldn't believe what she was hearing. Kate sounded so determined. She was entirely set on getting here as soon as possible. \"No,\" Beth shook her head. \"I want to see you, too; believe me. More than anything.\" Glancing around the darkened lobby, Beth's heart began to contort with anxiety and fear. How was she supposed to explain her current situation to Kate, anyway? She bit her lip apprehensively. Her pull to Kate was too strong. Kate's conclusive voice meant too much to her. In all honesty, all Beth wanted was to see Kate now. She needed that blissful and uncomplicated reassurance that came packaged in Kate's beautiful smile. \"I really wish you wouldn't,\" the brunette chuckled uneasily. Then, out of nowhere, Beth had somewhat of an epiphany. All of this would just melt away, if she just went to Kate herself. She wouldn't have to explain why she was out in this dirty lobby, and she would have a place to stay. Their awkwardness would dissolve quickly, knowing them. They would talk about what happened, and everything would be well again. She would have her best friend back. \"Kate!\" Beth called suddenly. \"Wait. Can I come over instead?\" At Kate's crestfallen reply, Beth hastily explained herself. \"I could spend the night,\" cooed Beth, with a grin. \"Of course only if you'll have me.\" Kate's sway in mood was quick and decisive. Beth was happy to know that she agreed to her idea. \"I missed being over there with you,\" Beth confessed fondly. \"We can talk, sweetie. We'll get everything figured out.\" Once Kate concurred, Beth nodded to herself and rose to her feet. \"I hope you've got some PJs I can borrow,\" Beth finished with a smile. \"I'll be over there soon. Want me to pick up anything?\" When Kate replied with a friendly 'no,' Beth grinned. \"All right, a dozen roses it is!\" she announced in a sing-song voice. \"See you soon, sweetheart.\" * * * Beth had only made a brief stop at the grocery store to pick up a little something for Kate. It wasn't much, but she knew that Kate would enjoy it, even if it went against Beth's nature code. As she pulled up to Kate's house, memories from the night before filled her head. She swallowed, but got out of her car, her fingertips wrapped daintily around the slender gift in her hand. Having seen a light flicker off in the front window, Beth knew that Kate must have been watching for her. As soon as Beth appeared on the sidewalk leading to Kate's front steps, the door creaked open, revealing Kate's gorgeous form. Kate was dressed in cute, slack pajama pants with a white tank top. Beth's cheeks flushed with color as she found herself gazing upon her best friend with eyes of admiration. She looked beautiful; Beth was beside herself. Approaching her best friend, Beth smiled as she extended her hand to Kate which held a single, white lily. \"It goes against my belief that plants shouldn't be taken from the ground, but\" Beth smiled adoringly as a wide-eyed Kate received the pretty flower. \"I would do anything for you, Kate.\" In that single moment, Beth experienced a rush of an overwhelmingly warm and comforting feeling. This sentiment occurred just before (and then significantly intensified) as Kate wrapped her arms around Beth in appreciationin silent forgiveness. Beth's lips formed the most delicate of smiles as her hands wound their way around the small of Kate's back in return. This felt like home to her.[Chapter 9] I cannot tell you how thrilled I am to be back in business with this story. It is still my brainchild; I'm obsessed with writing it, completely. I apologize for the delays! This year is extremely hectic and exciting. Throw your appreciation and thanks for the update to writergirl2003. As always, she offers me such limitless support, love, and inspiration. Thank you so much for pushing me to do what I do, honey! I love you all the more for your amazing encouragement and beautiful love. Without further ado, my faithful readers, here is chapter nine. :) As she twirled the stem of the lily between her fingers, Kate couldn't help but smile at Beth. Despite the exhaustion that lingered in Beth's pretty green eyes, the blonde thought her friend was positively glowing. Kate paused just before her steps to look at Beth. \"Hey,\" Kate murmured, smiling. \"I want to put this in water. I laid your favorite pajamas out on my bed.\" Beth snickered and wiggled her eyebrows playfully at Kate. \"The rainbow kitties? Kate, you're a doll,\" Beth laughed and began to ascend the stairs. \"Don't keep me waiting too long, gorgeous.\" Kate pursed her lips tightly together as Beth issued a teasing wink. Nodding to the other girl, Kate started toward her kitchen. There was no need to be quiet tonight, as Lori was still out late with God-knows-who. Carefully placing her lily on the kitchen counter, Kate found herself staring adoringly at the lovely flower. Her heart thumped rapidly with joy as she pictured Beth going out of her way to visit the grocery store and specifically select that single flower for her. It was beautifully simplistic. Truly, it meant more to Kate than she could ever possibly convey to Beth. Beth had no need to apologize, Kate reminded herself, as she began to rinse out a slim, slightly dusty vase. In all honesty, the blonde had never been mad at her friend in the first place. That kiss or whatever it was surely wasn't Beth's fault. Beth was her best friend. It had just been a mistake or an accident. Blissful in her ignorance, Kate left the situation at thatat least, while Beth was around. She couldn't allow her mind to wander so freely again. She worried for a repeat of the other night. The last thing that Kate wanted was for things to get complex. Already she doubted and questioned herself. Kate didn't want to do that while Beth was around. She didn't want the other girl to witness just how utterly confused she felt and looked. Once she had filled the clear vase with water and placed the lily daintily inside of it, Kate gingerly took it in her hands and started up the stairs to her room. Assuming that Beth would have already finished changing, she rapped lightly on the door before simply permitting herself inside. True to form, Beth was just slipping Kate's tank top over her head. For a brief moment, Kate was treated to a fine view of the perfect dip and curve of Beth's flawless back. Swallowing hard, she set the vase on her nearby dresser. As soon as she heard the noise, Beth whipped around, grinning ear-to-ear. \"Hey, Katie!\" Beth crooned, her eyes shining. \"God, I love these PJs,\" she told her friend, doing a playful, little spin. \"They're so comfy!\" Kate was smiling much brighter than she realized as she stepped inside and shut her bedroom door behind her with a light 'click.' \"Good,\" Kate decided, her gaze washing over Beth with such gentleness and observation. \"I'm just glad they were clean,\" she giggled. \"I didn't want you to sleep here without your favorite ones!\" \"I would have been okay,\" Beth admitted with a furtive smile. \"Commando isn't so bad, Kate,\" she winked. \"You should try it someday.\" Kate merely laughed and crashed back onto her bed with a content, yet heavy sigh. \"I'll take your word for it,\" Kate ventured, kicking her legs against the bed rhythmically. \"I mean it,\" Beth insisted, sitting down beside her. For a split second, Kate thought she felt concern and curiosity ebbing off her friend. It made sense, she reasoned. After all, they still had much to talk about. \"What's on your mind, sweetheart?\" the brunette asked, lying down beside Kate. With a smile, Kate took comfort in their relaxed closeness. \"Nothing,\" Kate shook her head. \"I was just thinking.\" \"What about?\" That was a good question. Kate's thoughts were so ridiculously jumbled together at times that she, too, wondered just what her mind was trying to express. \"Uhm,\" the sound slipped from Kate's mouth clumsily. \"No, I just\" There was another pause. \"How are you, Beth? Is everything okay?\" There was a definite silence. Kate glanced at the brunette inquisitively out of the sides of her eyes. It was unlike Beth to remain quiet for any amount of time, much less when she appeared so bubbly and content. \"I'm fine, Kate,\" Beth assured her as she turned on her side to face her friend. When she was met with a doubtful look from Kate, she continued to soothe her. \"Promise.\" \"You just seem really tired,\" Kate noted, her eyes blinking worriedly. \"Have you not been sleeping?\" Beth sighed. Oh, no , Kate mused to herself. Something was obviously wrong. \"It's not a big deal,\" Beth maintained, curling one of her legs up comfortably beneath her as she continued to lie on her side, facing Kate. \"My sister's asshole boyfriend has just been saying with her us.\" Kate narrowed her eyes in confusion. \"Is that is that bad?\" she asked, bewildered. Beth appeared to be biting the inside of her cheek. Kate's interest suddenly doubled. \"I just really can't stand that creep, Kate,\" Beth replied, her tone neutral. \"That's all.\" In clear understanding, Kate nodded. She could definitely relate; although, she wasn't about to belittle Beth's situation. In a sense, Kate envied Beth once again. While Kate was plagued with many Skip's and men that she detested, Beth only seemed to be cursed with one. Yet, one was more than enough to spoil something. \"I understand,\" Kate ensured her. \"Believe me.\" Beth's lips curled into a smile again. It wasn't long before a small giggle surfaced, also. \"I bet you do, stud,\" Beth prodded Kate gently on the nose with her fingertip. \"Not like that!\" Kate laughed, rolling onto her back yet again. Kate's mind was plagued with thoughts. She wanted to speak candidly to Beth, as she always did, but uncertainty held her back. There was something on her mind that she wanted to tell Beth, yet she was afraid. \"Hey,\" Kate spoke suddenly, surprising herself. Blinking her eyes curiously, Beth craned her neck to look at her friend. \"What's up?\" she asked, curling her hand beneath her head. \"I don't know,\" the blonde replied, licking her lips nervously. How was she supposed to bring this up, anyway? Hey, Beth! I'm not so sure I'm really straight. Can you help me? No. The very thought scared the life right out of her. To think that she was even about to talk about this with Beth made her incessantly anxious and unsure of herself. Maybe she should just keep it to herself. Then again, that reasoning would only reward her with more anxiety. \"Katie?\" Beth said, after a moment, her eyes narrowed with concern. \"Uhm.\" Her hesitation was persistent. Her heart was beating more rapidly than ever, and this time it wasn't because of her feelings. \"Beth,\" Kate's voice was tiny and meek. \"I'm just I don't know. I guess it kind of scares me that I didn't feel anything for that boy. I've never felt anything for any boy.\" Beth blinked and sat up right. Crossing her legs beneath her, she curled her hands in her own lap before studying Kate again. \"Yeah?\" she prompted with a smile. \"What are you so 'scared' about, Kate?\" Kate's throat tightened. \"I don't think\" the blonde was having obvious trouble articulating what she was feeling. After all, she felt completely blown away by her own revelation. Beth, however, was looking on with curious and gentle eyes. While Kate typically felt soothed by Beth's gorgeous and passive green eyes, now she was overtaken by anxiety. \"I don't think I like boys.\" The words fell out of Kate's mouth in the most rushed and haphazard of ways. It was almost as though she hadn't even said them at all. In all honesty, Kate certainly wished that was the case. Beth's reaction was more than just a little surprising to Kate. In fact, it was leaning more toward absolutely mind-blowing. There was scarcely a change in her best friend's expression. She looked almost entirely unfazed. Had Beth known her dirty, little secret? Surely she didn't. Kate had barely known herself. \"Why?\" That was it. Beth said nothing more. Part of Kate wished that the other girl would investigate her thoroughly, if only because Kate herself wanted to know how she came to this conclusion. It had come out of nowhere. \"Well, I I don't really know,\" Kate offered, shrugging. \"That's okay,\" Beth reassured her with a smile. Kate's eyebrows furrowed sadly. This wasn't what she wanted! Beth was supposed to dig deeper than this. \"You okay?\" Beth asked, catching Kate's inward concern. \"Yeah,\" Kate insisted plainly. She barely noted a twinkle in Beth's eyes. The brown-haired girl reached over and twirled a bit of Kate's pretty, blond hair between her fingertips before giggling. A slight, albeit pleasant burning sensation surged within Kate's lower belly. \"Why do you think you feel that way?\" Beth wondered, her sweet and caring eyes sharing a gentle gaze with Kate. How to start , Kate mused to herself. \"Well, I mean... when I thought about the future, I couldn't ever picture myself with a man, you know?\" Kate ventured somewhat awkwardly. \"It just I didn't like it, and I couldn't see it. It just didn't fit with me, you know?\" Kate felt as though she was babbling at this point; however, by the glimmer of intense interest in her friend's eyes, she supposed she was on the right track. \"Sounds familiar,\" Beth noted, giggling soon after. Kate just blinked up at her in confusion. \"What?\" The blonde tried to place the emotion that sparked in Beth's eyes as she tossed her something resembling a knowing look. \"Kate, I think I know your 'problem,'\" Beth claimed, licking her lips. She pushed herself up into a sitting position, with Kate quickly following suit. \"Really?\" Kate asked, her voice barely a squeak. Thank God! Maybe now she wouldn't have to explain everything word for word. \"Mmhmm,\" hummed Beth, as she tapped her fingers on her knee. \"I just don't think you do.\" Uhm. In Kate's mind, she began to panic. Didn't know her own problem? That was absolutely ridiculous! She did know. At least, she thought she knew. \"Iof course I know!\" Kate blurted out thoughtlessly. \"Oh, yeah?\" Beth prompted, blinking evenly at her. \"What's goin' on, then, Katie-babe?\" Kate's insides turned to mush. The sweet-talking names were going to be the death of her; of this she was absolutely certain. Without even realizing it, Beth was killing her slowly. \"I'm just not interested in boys.\" \"And that is?\" \"being not interested in boys.\" \"Not being interested in anyone?\" \"No.\" \"Yeah?\" Beth's eyes narrowed curiously, while Kate fastened a look of unconscious defiance on her face. It was Beth who spoke next. \"Who?\" \"Not boys.\" \"Kate.\" \"Beth?\" With a heavy sigh, Beth canted her head to the side. Kate watched with inner peril as her gorgeous locks of brown hair tumbled beautifully and clumsily across her perfect face. The blonde's focus was faltering. \"I said, 'who.'\" There was Beth again. \"Uh\" \"C'mon, Katie,\" Beth egged her on like a football coach. \"We're getting there.\" \"No.\" \"What?\" \"I don't know!\" Kate could tell that Beth was trying so desperately not to laugh. Her dimples were tighter and deeper than usual, and there was a certain, amusing strain about her face. \"Kate,\" urged Beth. \"Come on,\" this time Beth took Kate's hands in hers. Kate nearly tripped all over herself. She had held Beth's hands countless times before, but now it was different. She felt as though she was about to keel over with emotion. \"You can say it.\" \"Say what?\" \"You know what, Kate Emily Spencer.\" \"No, I don't!\" \"You're scared.\" \"No, I'm not!\" \"Yes, you are.\" \"No!\" \"Yes!\" \"Beth!\" \"Kate!\" Kate should have just told Beth to give up, that she would never get this out of her, but she wasn't having far too much fun, unbeknownst to herself. The look on Beth's face, that pure and flawless happinessshe didn't want to give that up just yet. She wanted to savor it for as long as she possibly could. It happened in slow motion. One moment, Beth's eyes were gleaming with amusement, and then, the next, she had doubled over with laughter. Kate grinned. Her laugh was sweet, genuine, and ethereal. Her voice rose in pitch before her lungs gave way to the good-humored lack of oxygen. The brunette's cheeks turned red with the effort of her strong cackles, and Kate suddenly and curiously wondered if she was all right. \"Beth?\" she ventured, her heart pounding with emotion as she watched her best friend with doting eyes. Her laugh was addictive; it was so Beth . Beth's teeth turned to lips white with how hard she bit down. Shaking her head, she twitched fingers, letting Kate know that she was all right. Kate blinked, feeling a small laugh of her own building in the depths of her stomach. \"Oh,\" sighed Beth, after a moment of blinking away her laughter-induced tears. \"I don't know what the hell that was about.\" Kate smirked somewhat. There was a certain satisfaction that came with making Beth laugh so candidly. \"You have a cute laugh.\" The words fell out of Kate's mouth with little remorse. Beth only offered her a playful grin. \"Yeah?\" Beth rolled her eyes teasingly, but Kate could just barely trace a hint of a blush on her already-rosy cheeks. \"Well, I'm glad someone likes it.\" Kate licked her lips and nodded. Suddenly, a thought struck Kate, as sharp as a knife in her belly. Riley. Earlier she had reasoned that agreeing to hang out with her wouldn't both Beth, but surely it wouldn't hurt to mention it. \"What's up?\" Beth asked abruptly, one of her eyebrows rising. \"I know that look. It's the 'uh oh, Beth, I feel guilty and need your approval' look.\" The emotion that followed on Kate's face was essentially unrecognizable. She chose to cap it off with a laugh, however. \"How'd you know?\" the blonde wondered in playful defense. Beth shrugged, giving nothing away. Kate envied her poise. Book-smarts had nothing to do with the way that Beth presented herself and her emotions. She was as sly as a fox when it came to that. \"I read you well too well , if you ask me.\" \"Yeah, that's for sure,\" Kate commented, licking her lips out of nervousness again. \"Anyway,\" Beth continued. \"What's going on?\" \"Well I was at the grocery store today,\" Kate started to say, her eyes trailing patterns along the carpet. \"and I sort of ran into Riley.\" Kate watched as Beth's expression didn't change whatsoever. Had she been wrong to even bring this up? Was it really necessary? Regardless, it was too late now. Laughing, Beth looked at Kate strangely. \"Okay and Riley's suddenly worth a news report, because?\" \"Actually, she kind of approached me.\" Again, Beth's expression stayed the same. Not even her eyesthe most expressive part of herbetrayed her. \"Kate,\" Beth's eyelashes fluttered in confusion. \"You don't have to tell me this. Just because she's my ex-girlfriend, doesn't mean you can't talk to her. Goodness.\" \"She wants to be my friend.\" There it was. A single flicker in Beth's eyes was enough for Kate. So, she had noticed! Kate's mind was racing. Why did she almost feel good about that? \"So,\" Beth replied, a bit tartly. \"Everyone deserves friends.\" \"Do you\" Kate stopped. What was she supposed to say? 'Do you not want me to be her friend'? Beth would just tell her that it wasn't her business telling Kate how to live her life. \"I just it's weird.\" \"It shouldn't be,\" Beth told Kate, her voice more brittle than it had been before. \"Riley is just another girl to you.\" Kate's mouth dropped open slightly, as her heart wrenched. That had hurt. Surely Beth felt more attached to her than that, after all this time. Now Kate was certain: bring that up had been a mistake. By the darkening shadows in Beth's eyes, she could tell that this much was true. \"Yeah,\" Kate remarked sorely, her eyes on the floor once again. \"Did she say anything to you?\" Beth asked guardedly, her eyes suddenly flashing with realization of the magnitude of what she had just said. Kate, too, was shocked. \"What what do you mean?\" Kate stuttered in confusion, her eyebrows lowering. As though she were embarrassed by her own meager outburst, Beth shook her head. \"I'm sorry, honey,\" Beth said quietly, lifting her right hand to gently reach out and touch Kate's knee affectionately. \"It's just it's been a really long day. I'm just a little well, you know.\" It was only by the return of Beth's sweet smile that Kate felt herself beginning to relax once more. \"Heh,\" Kate bit her lower lip lightly. \"Yes. As long as you're sure you're okay, Beth.\" In a single moment, the insistent pull lingering at the bottom of her stomach was almost too much for Kate. Her thoughts and being were abruptly overcome by the mere presence of Beth. She felt overwhelmed and overheated; her body nearly broke into a cold sweat. \"Mmhmm,\" Beth cooed promisingly as she sat up beside Kate and draped her arm around her friend. \"You know, it seems like forever since we've really talked.\" Kate would have been too consumed by the intensity of Beth's touch to breathe had breathing not been a reflex. Her breath sucked in rapidly before she could even get a chance to conjure up some sort of appropriate reply. \"We talk all the time,\" Kate told her, giggling, her face flushed. The blue-eyed blonde could not even begin to extrapolate the feeling of ill-fated discovery that she felt as Beth's eyebrows knitted in what Kate perceived as secret awareness. \"I mean really talk, Kate,\" Beth told her as she slipped off the bed and onto her behind. She now sat on the floor against Kate's bed with her head tilted back slightly to peer up at Kate. \"Oh, yeah that,\" replied Kate, her mind drifting elsewhere. To accommodate Beth's sudden movement, Kate also shifted over on her bed to where she could freely play with Beth's hair. There was no sense in asking for permission; this was a practice they had partaken in many times before. \"Do you ever wonder who your soul mate is? What they're like?\" The question was posed by Beth, and it left Kate's mind racing. When Kate didn't reply, Beth marched on with her endeavors. \"I think about it sometimes.\" The information was offered humbly, and Kate found herself hanging on every word, no matter how simple. \"I wonder if she'll be, like completely different from me or what we'll have in common\" Kate's thoughts clung to Beth's musings. We're fairly different , Kate realized she was thinking, but we have a lot of things in common, too. Beth your hair is so beautiful. I- \"what she'll look like, though that doesn't really matter\" You say I'm beautiful. Do you really mean it how you say it? I've heard that you call a lot of your friends that, or is that just me being paranoid? What you think means so much to me, Beth. \"when we'll meet. Hell, maybe I've already met her!\" What if what if you already have? What if it's? \"but I don't know, Katie.\" Pause. \"Maybe I'm too young to be thinking about love and stuff.\" \"No, I don't think so.\" Oh. Was that out loud? Kate's face flushed as she continued to comb her fingers through Beth's silky, dark brown hair. \"Yeah?\" Beth was grinning widely. \"Maybe,\" she shrugged. \"I guess I am a pretty big believer that love hits you when you least expect it to.\" \"Me too.\" Kate's reply was produced from an almost dreamlike state. She felt so far away from her own body as though she was on a cloud. \"That's cool.\" Beth continued with a satisfied sigh. Her eyes were closed, Kate noticed, as the blonde continued to gingerly and rhythmically brush her fingers through her friend's hair. The peaceful silence was short-lived, however. \"Have you ever been in love before, Katie?\" Kate's blood ran both steaming hot and freezing cold all at once. Her face was searing with white-hot emotion while her extremities were frostbitten with unbridled mental intentions. The question stabbed her mercilessly, assaulted her mind with murderous inquiries of her innermost feelings. Her blood pressure skyrocketed; her body grew taut. \"No.\" she swallowed the word with a silent gulp of air. She nearly choked on the sentiments that lay at the back of her tongue. Was Beth going to admit that she was? That she had been? Or that she was currently? Kate could have driven herself into a full-blown anxiety attack if Beth hadn't answered a moment later. \"Me either,\" Beth confided in her soon after. \"You know I was thinking about my first 'love,' and I realized that there was no way she could have been my soul mate. She could never love me back.\" Kate's heartbeat was aroused with jealousy as Beth spoke of her past relationship. Though, she kept her mind off it by finishing off her French braid of one section of Beth's hair. \"I didn't love her. I loved the idea of her. To love someone, like a soul mate, they've got to love you back, right? That, and I wouldn't have done anything for her. I wouldn't have died for her, or gone to the ends of the earth for her. I wanted love so badly that I let myself get hurt for no reason. I didn't even know her before we started 'dating.'\" Though she had not realized it, Kate's breath had quickened significantly while her mouth was slightly agape. Her heart and stomach both flipped simultaneously as she felt the most earth-shattering tug at her heartstrings. It was a force so powerful that she was nearly moved to tears. Her eyes burned with the undisclosed emotion. They were more alike than Kate had previously realized. \"Does that sound totally weird?\" Beth asked as she glanced up at Kate with childlike insecurities reflecting in her expressive eyes. \"No no, not at all,\" Kate spoke genuinely, her eyes dim with affection. \"Beth, that was really beautiful.\" \"Huh?\" Beth was smiling brightly and blushing jovially at Kate's unexpected compliment. It was now Kate's turn to feel the unintended heat of embarrassment. \"I-I just I you when you really\" Kate swallowed out of nervous habit and took a deep breath. \"You have a really graceful way of speaking, Beth.\" \"Nah,\" Beth swatted her hand facetiously at the air. \"I was just telling you how I felt.\" \"Well, your words and your feelings are very beautiful,\" Kate told her, gaining a bout of confidence out of nowhere. The new rosy tint to Beth's cheeks encouraged her to continue onward. \"You are so much more intelligent and deep than you think, Beth. I mean it You are the most intelligent person I have ever metno matter what you say.\" \"Kate\" Beth's eyes were narrow with such gentle and revering passion as she reached up to take one of Kate's that rested on her own head. \"You know you don't have to say all of that, baby.\" Oh A swirl of newfound sentiments whipped through Kate as strongly as a late summer hurricane, yet with the tenderness of the most meaningful embrace of two young lovers. Her breath was robbed of her; her stare was hollow with delight. Such pleasure coursed through her veins, such inexplicable adoration, she surely must be on the highest cloud of the most perfect, fictitious Eden. Her entire body was riddled with warmth. Never had she known such worldly happiness existed. Why must this moment ever have to end? \"I needed to.\" Kate's mouth willed her to speak at long last. \"Needed to?\" Beth seemed to understand the magnitude of her best friend's intentions, if only for a single moment. \"Kate, you make me so happy\" she said softly as she turned to face the other girl. \"happier than I could ever tell you. Really.\" Kate could only watch as Beth reached out and affectionately brushed her blond hair from her eyes. \"I'm so lucky to have you,\" Beth divulged to her evocatively. \"Come here.\" Her voice was so pleasantly soft and inviting. Kate hesitated briefly as she watched Beth pat the place beside her. It was only another second, however, before she was on the floor next to Beth. Smiling vibrantly, Beth slipped her arm around Kate and pulled her close. Kate was nearing a massive heart attack around the time that she found her own head lying delicately against Beth's shoulder. With a quiet sigh, the brunette curled her fingertips against Kate's side unconsciously. Kate began to wonder if Beth could keep the severity of her heartbeat, given that Kate thought that she was very nearly about to faint from pleasurable shock. She was so close to accidental hyperventilation that it was not even the slightest bit funny. \"I'm I'm so lucky to have you ,\" Kate replied certainly, as she inadvertently inhaled the sweet, flowery scent of Beth's all-natural perfume. Oh, it was heavenly and sultry, powerful and tranquil, identifiable and mysterious. \"Beth\" Her name caught in Kate's throat; Kate's belly was alive with butterflies. \"Hmmm?\" Beth hummed. Kate glanced up only to find that her friend's eyes were closed while a divine smile blessed her pretty pink lips. \"I'm really happy that you came over.\" It was all that Kate could think of to verbalize. It was horribly lame and out of place, but that did not very much matter. \"Me too, sweetie,\" Beth's eyes were open again. To Kate they appeared to be serene and vibrant, much like the meadows that Beth so passionately adored. \"I missed you so much. Seeing you always makes me feel amazing.\" The brunette's thought process seemed to only slow after this. Until now, she had been rather attentive, but from the moment that Kate spotted Beth's eyes closing, she knew that it was only a matter of time before her best friend was too tired to sanely function. It had been a long day, after all. \"God, I'm so damn tired. I feel crazy!\" Beth giggled blithely as she licked her lips. Kate pursed her lips and poked at Beth's side teasingly. Luckily, she had previously had the pleasure of seeing a sleep-deprived Beth several times before. She was always so irresistibly cute and absolutely loopy. \"Come on, sleepyhead. I'll get you into bed,\" Kate offered, as she snaked her arm around Beth and began to try to help her up. \"Glad we had this talk before I descended into madness!\" Kate laughed good-naturedly. \"What a smart thing for such a sleepy girl to say.\" Beth made a noncommittal noise in the back of her throat before she began to teeter Kate and her around clumsily. \"Let's just sleep on the floor,\" she insisted with a tired wink at Kate. \"You can use me as your pillow, 'kay?\" \"Are you sure you want to commit to that, Davis?\" Kate quirked one of her eyebrows at her. \"I'm a well-known kicker and shifter in the night.\" \"I know this,\" Beth yawned, leaning against Kate happily. \"You kicked me in the jaw last time I was over here.\" \"I said I was sorry!\" Kate was grinning like an unadulterated fool. \"Not sorry enough,\" Beth insisted lightheartedly as she rose to her feet clumsily, pulling Kate along with her. \"I couldn't chew on that side of my mouth for two days.\" \"It doesn't take much to chew a salad, does it?\" \"Kate Emily Spencer!\" Beth howled in surprised humor as she shoved the other girl onto the bed. \"That was low!\" Kate was pleased when she saw that sleepy Beth was holding in a serious bout of laughter. \"I just wanted to test how awake you were,\" Kate asserted with a definite nod. \"And?\" \"You're awake.\" Beth smacked Kate on the behind playfully, causing the other girl to shriek and giggle in response. \"If I was more awake, I'd royally kick your ass.\" \"My house, Beth Davisif I want you out,\" Kate squinted one of her eyes shut for emphasis. \"you're outta here!\" \"You wouldn't!\" Kate pulled Beth onto the bed with her, and, for a moment, the two girls wrestled playfully. \"Uh huh. Wanna place a bet on that?\" Kate slurred, mimicking Beth's tired appearance. \"It's time for bed.\" \"I'm not two!\" Beth argued humorously as she whacked Kate with one of her pillows gently. \"I'll go to bed when I'm good and ready.\" \"You're ready,\" Kate breathed a soft giggle. \"Trust me.\" Aside from a huff of protest, Beth kicked back Kate's blue comforter and slipped beneath the covers on her usual side of the bed. Kate was watching her with a sheer look of admiration. Her ears and face were both hot with delight that they would be able to share her bed again tonight. The mere notion of being allowed to even be in the same roommuch less bedwith Beth was such beautiful prospect. \"Comfy?\" Kate asked, after she had carefully peeled back her own side of the covers and climbed in beside the other girl. Upon issuing a hearty yawn, Beth replied with a murmur of acknowledgment. She was completely exhausted; Kate could very easily tell. With the lights already off and the fan going, Kate, too, allowed herself to get comfortable. \"Goodnight, Beth,\" she whispered tenderly. \"'Night, Katie,\" Beth hummed sleepily in return, her hand briefly reaching over to give Kate's leg a teasing squeeze. Overcome with endless amounts of positive sentiments, Kate realized that she herself was smiling so brightly. As she gripped at the covers, she wondered how she could possibly sleep when she felt so incredible, so at peace, so full of indescribably perfect and fulfilling emotions. Her heart was still thumping adamantly in her chest. The feelings that surged so strongly within her both frightened and thrilled her all at once. It was difficult to continue this game of lying to herself. These feelings they were not associated with feelings of friendly love or appreciation. The fluttering sensations of butterflies and warmth that rested at the bottom of her belly were not cohesive with friendship. Kate's pale baby blue eyes carefully picked their path off to where Beth lay. Her chest rose and fell slowly and peacefully as she slept; truly, she had been very tired. The smile on Kate's lips deepened, wrinkling her cheeks ever so slightly. This was perfect. In her heart, Kate knew the truth. As terrified as her mind convinced her to be, her soul felt at peace at last. It was up to time when and if she would be able to face these feelings and the truth head on with full assurance. As she turned over onto her side, her senses overtaken with the overpowering company of Beth's beautifully sleeping form, she continued to entertain her lips' genuine smile. The absence of physical closeness between them was too strong, too painful, Kate recognized daringly. With a dash of courage, she leisurely urged herself over, closer to Beth, until she was nearly pressed against the elegant arch of her back. Her mind and heart were racing. Beth's incommunicably delightful scent enveloped her with warmth and affection. Closing her, Kate surely thought she was in her own personal heaven. Sleep came easily to her swiftly beating heart, for she felt such tranquility and warmth within her soul that she hadn't felt in all of her seventeen years of living. This was it. ","Summary":" This will be my first (and most likely only, haha) full-length story. This story is completely AU ("},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Jason, Nobody's Driving The Ship","Author":"The Fishkeeper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6158011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"JASON, NOBODY'S DRIVING THE SHIP.\" Jason rolled over, still half-asleep, and groped for his vox to turn it off. After fumbling around for it, his fingers closed around it and he put it to his mouth, mumbling, \"Oh shut up Alex. I'm trying to sleep.\" Collapsing back onto his pillow, he closed his eyes. It was, in fact, the ship's communicator speakers, not Jason's vox, and actually Alex's voice projected all over the ship. Though, particularly, it seemed right in his ear to Jason. \"Laredo's not even on the deck and we're hurtling through the outer reaches of space to God knows where!\" Alex was nearly shouting. The audio was so loud his voice was static and crackly. With wild slaps at the wall, seeking the speaker to turn it off, Jason wasn't even listening. He only wanted to stop Alex's incessant complaining so he could go back to sleep. When his hand found the button, he pressed it hard and interrupted Alex, who was saying something about the possibility of another minefield. \"I'm not listening Alex. Go away!\" A couple doors down, Gwen stood in the doorway of her own bedroom, looking puzzled at what she was hearing. She crossed the hallway to the closest speaker and flipped the talk button. \"Alex, calm down. What's wrong?\" \"What's wrong ?\" he repeated emphatically. \"The fact that no one is piloting the bloody ship is what's wrong !\" \"Why don't you ask the Thermians to do something about it. Tommy can't be driving the whole time, he's probably asleep \" \"Gwen, WILL YOU JUST GET HIM UP HERE?\" Gwen put her hands on her hips huffily, cocked her head to one side, and said to the air, \"Computer, is the ship on autopilot?\" \"Negative. The automatic server's electromagnetic wiring has been severed.\" \"Gwe-en.\" Alex stretched out the word in a dangerously low tone. Rolling her eyes at the characteristically controlled bad luck of The Protector, she ordered, \"Computer, put Fred on.\" To no one in particular, she added, \"Why does this seem so darn familiar?\" \"It's all because of that stupid show,\" Alex said unhelpfully, glowering. A screen fizzed on in front of her and a scene appeared of Fred sitting with his elbows on the table and his chin sinking into one palm, fast asleep. \"Fred, wake up. It's Gwen.\" \"Whah - what is it?\" he inquired, blinking sleepily. \"The ship's autopilot isn't working. The automatic wiring has been severed.\" Fred gave her a blank look. \"You lost me.\" He got up and moved off screen. \"- Hang on, I'll go ask that little guy\" Up on the command deck, Alex smacked the computer counter and switched off the speaker, looking extremely vexed. He trudged over to his chair beside the commander's, and sat down to wait. He cupped his cheek in one hand and twiddled his fingers, nervously eyeing the dark blot that had appeared in space on the main screen. It was what had him so worried. Out here in space, it could be anything. With the benefit of hindsight, Alex knew how cheesy the exaggerated perils featured in the show had been, but in this reality, anything could be dangerous. \"Hey Gwen,\" Fred's voice came on behind him. \"It's bad news.\" \"What is it, Fred?\" \"All the Thermians seem to be in some kind of hibernating state. I can't wake them up.\" Alex jumped up and ran over to the speaker. \"Might I remind you all that we're still flying without a pilot? Who cares whether the autopilot is working, just get Laredo up here!\" With all the noise, it was inevitable that Jason would eventually wake up and get out of bed. Still in his nightshirt and scruffy-haired from sleep, he swung his legs over the side of the bed, sighing resignedly, and took his turn with the speaker. \"Ok, what 's going on. Can't a man get some sleep on this ship?\" Alex made a sound of disbelief. \"No one ever listens to me!\" \"Yeah, what's happening?\" the voice of Guy came on, to everyone's surprise. \"I couldn't find the talking thingy,\" he explained. \"Jason, I think we'd better get to the command deck,\" Gwen said slowly. \"Alright alright,\" Jason gave in, going off to find his clothes. \"Guy, do you know which room Tommy's in?\" Gwen asked, heading to the nearest elevator. \"No, sorry. The aliens put me in a room all by myself. There are like a hundred bunks in here. They give me a bad feeling\" \"Are you coming up or not?\" Alex asked impatiently. Jason came out of his bedroom to join Gwen, pulling on a black t-shirt. \"Yes, Alex, we're coming.\" With a completely lost expression, he mouthed to Gwen, \"What is going on?\" Gwen just rolled her eyes again and stepped inside the elevator. A minute later, the entire crew of the NSEA Protector II (except Tommy) assembled on the command deck of the ship. Alex swiveled his chair around to face them, looking like a judging angel with his arms tightly crossed. \"There you are.\" And, to cut off the tide of questions they were all going to ask him, he added, \"Just look out there. Something's coming toward us.\" \"Actually, I think we're going towards it,\" Jason corrected. \"Is it Sarris again?\" Gwen asked, taking a couple steps forward to see better. \"It looks like a planet,\" Guy said. Jason took his place in the commander's chair and squinted at the image, trying to figure out what it was. The doors behind them suddenly opened and a sheepish-looking Tommy rushed in. \"Sorry, sorry, I overslept\" he apologized, thinking they had all been up way before him. \"Trust you,\" Alex muttered, shooting him a dark look. \"Hey, I left it on autopilot you know. I'm not that stupid,\" Tommy countered, seeing the anxious looks on all their faces. Alex stood up. \"The thing is, I came up here to find a decent place to sleep \" \"What's wrong with your room?\" Jason asked. \"My bed was a mat of spikes on the show, if you remember Jason,\" Alex replied dryly. Jason had the grace to look humbled. \"Oh. Go on.\" \"As I was saying \" \"You could've slept in one of our rooms, Alex,\" Gwen suggested. All the men looked at her. She revised hurriedly, \"I mean, Guy had a hundred bunks to himself.\" She swept out her hand, motioning at Guy. Alex threw up his arms in mock despair. \"I'm grateful for the pity party, but are we really going to talk about this further?\" \"Well, yeah,\" Tommy mumbled, \"You're no fun when you're overtired.\" Alex clenched his jaw, and turned to leave abruptly. Jason put up his hand to stop everything. \"Ok ok, let's just figure out what's going on. Gwen, can you put Fred on please?\" \"Computer, can you put Fred on, please?\" The space image switched to the engine room. Fred's face came up close on screen. \"Fred, I hear our alien friends are hibernating,\" Jason began. \"Yeah, I can't wake them up.\" \"Computer,\" Gwen asked, \"Why can't we wake up the Thermians?\" \"The ship has drifted into the Abyrian Sector. The galactic temperature of the surrounding planets in the Sector is calescent. The physiology of the Thermian species is forced to shut down during such excessive conditions.\" Everyone looked at Gwen for an explanation. \"Whatever,\" Jason said quickly. \"They're sleeping it off.\" \"What about the planet thingy?\" Guy demanded. The screen flipped once again to the image of open space and the mysterious blot. In the engine room, Fred only saw the five faces of them all screaming in unison. \"What theheck?\" he murmured. There was a giant noise and the entire room shook, throwing Fred off his feet. The lights flickered irregularly and screen blurred out. There was an ensuing alarm howling all over the ship. Then, the Protector went dark.[Chapter 2] \"Not again .\" Alex raised himself to his elbows, moaning softly at the ache of his bruised ribs. He had had enough of falling to the ground as a result of something crashing into the ship. He looked up and around at the darkened room. Everyone else had been thrown to the floor as well, and were starting to make sounds of recovery. \"Is everyone alright?\" \" Yow ! My arm again!\" \"What was that thing?\" \"Alex, Alex are you okay?\" Gwen asked, being the closest to him. She had crawled over to him, her blonde her messed up and in her face from the fall. \"No. And this is all very familiar,\" he growled, lifting himself to his feet. He raised his voice to address the rest of them, particularly Jason. \"I told you  I told you it was coming toward us.\" \"What was that thing?\" Guy repeated fearfully, sprawled underneath the counter. \"Computer, what happened?\" Gwen asked, getting the hang of things now. After all, it was the second time this had happened. There was silence. \"The ship's broken again?\" Guy ventured. \"Oh we're screwed.\" Jason helped Gwen to her feet. \"Tommy, check to see if your computer works.\" Tommy dragged himself back into his pilot's chair, cradling his injured arm. \"It looks like everything's out,\" he informed them. \"I can't see a thing!\" \"Well, we're no worse off than before,\" Alex remarked pointedly. \"Except the ship's probably a lot more crunched.\" \"Whaddo we do?\" Guy asked, looking at Jason. Jason glanced at each of their faces, trying to think of something. \"Uh, wait a second. Just lemme think.\" \" Thinking's not going to help. We've got to do something.\" \"Alex, don't.\" \"Well we can't just wait until something else hits the ship. We can't even see  for all we know there could be something out there right now \" \"NSEA PROTECTOR II. WE REQUEST PERMISSION TO BOARD YOU SHIP.\"[Chapter 3] Everyone froze and exchanged mystified glances with each other. The strange ubiquitous voice boomed out again, repeating its question. \"WE REQUEST PERMISSION TO BOARD YOUR SHIP.\" Alex mouthed something to Jason, who didn't catch it and asked back \"What?\" Rolling his eyes, Alex whispered, \"Maybe they're the ones who crashed into us.\" Jason nodded, understanding. \"It could've been an accident. Maybe they want to help us. I'll let them come aboard.\" \"That is a bad idea,\" Gwen protested. \"What choice do we have?\" Raising his voice, Jason said, \"Uh, yeah sure. Permission granted.\" \"THANK YOU.\" \"Very polite,\" Alex remarked to Gwen in an undertone. \"DIGITIZING\" Four figures appeared suddenly. Gwen gasped and all their eyes went wide. Standing before them was the crew of Galaxy Quest. Alex raised a pointing finger at his counterpart, but whatever he was going to say died on his parted lips. He looked sideways at Gwen and Jason in utter disbelief. Commander Taggart had the shoulder-length haircut of the TV series, but was wearing what Jason thought to be a rather campy gold vest. The large as life version of Dr. Lazarus was not only far more haughty-looking than Alex's, but had a black beard around his mouth to match the eyebrows. Lieutenant Madison had on a red outfit with a miniskirt. The expendable crewman they had with them didn't even have a shirt on. None of them were wearing the original, respectable Galaxy Quest jumpsuits, but all four had gold sashes tied over their belts. The two crews stood opposite each other, taken back in surprise, silent for several minutes. The Commander Taggart pulled himself together first of everyone and put his fist to his chest in the traditional Galaxy Quest salute, which Guy and Gwen both returned out of habit and shock. \"I am Commander Peter Quincy Taggart. We saw your ship \" here, a confused expression crossed the Commander's face. No doubt, if this was a carbon copy of the Galaxy Quest crew, then their ship would look the same as The Protector II. \"- And wondered if you needed assistance.\" Jason's jaw dropped comically. The sudden appearance of himself - in a sleeveless shirt, no less - was unsettling. The fact that he was talking to him was doubly so. The bearded Dr. Lazarus stepped forward. The eyebrow he raised was so significant it could've stood for the words \"well, do you need our assistance or not?\" \"Oh my gosh,\" Guy moaned from his position from beneath the counter. \"What's going on?\" \"That's what we'd like to know,\" Lieutenant Madison said, eyes glued to Gwen. \"Something crashed into the ship\" Tommy started. He wasn't nearly as unnerved as the rest for there was no duplicate of him present. \"That was probably a neutron comet. They're common in this Sector,\" Dr. Lazarus said. He was looking at Tommy oddly. For him, it was like seeing young Laredo grown up before his eyes. \"O. K.,\" said Jason finally. \"Who are you?\" Gwen asked. Her eyes were still wide in astonishment. \"I'm Commander Taggart and this is my crew, Dr. Lazarus and Lieutenant Tawny Madison \" \"We know,\" the other crew interrupted, in unison. \"Then may we ask who you are,\" said Dr. Lazarus. \"We are uh\" Jason began, but received a hard jab from Gwen's elbow that silenced him. Dr. Lazarus put his hands behind his back and paced in front of the original crew, stopping in front of Alex to look him up and down, unimpressed. Alex mirrored Dr. Lazarus' arched eyebrow, though his look was one of incredulity, as if he couldn't believe what was happening. \"Whoever you are,\" he said, \"We are looking for our ship's engineer, Tech Seargent Chen. He went missing during an implosion. We think he might've accidentally been counter-digitized during the storm. Hopefully onto your ship.\" \"You mean Fred?\" Tommy asked feebly. \"Who's Fred?\" Lieutenant Madison inquired, looking terribly interested. \"Um look,\" Jason began, walking over to his other self. \"I think you've got the wrong ship. You see, our ship is very damaged. We were drifting when that comet must've hit us. If you can help us fix our ship, we can help you look for um your Tech Sergeant.\" \"Jason!\" Alex hissed. Dr. Lazarus glanced from him to Jason. \"You're sure he's not on your ship?\" he demanded quietly. Jason gave an uncomfortable laugh. \"Heh, pretty darn sure.\" Commander Taggart pulled out his gun. \"We'll just have to see about that.\"[Chapter 4] \"Oh, this isn't good, is it.\" With a heavy sigh, Fred rolled over and stared upwards at the intricate panels of the engine room. He reached up to rub the back of his neck slowly, massaging where his muscles had tensed during the crash. Emergency lights around him burst on with synthetic cheer, which clashed with the fact that the entire room had been shaken out of order. Tools were scattered on the floor. Wiring hung in jangled loops. Hoisting himself to his feet, Fred stumbled back to the sleeping quarters of the Thermians. The annoying waves of the alarm made him wince and clap his hands over his ears. His usual languid pace quickened. He had to manually pry open the door before making a beeline to Laliari's bedside. The odd thing about Thermians, he had noticed, was that they slept with their limbs akimbo, limp hands just grazing the hips, and soles of the feet just touching each other, creating a weird shape with their bodies. Like the number 8, but with a head. It was so different from their usual stiff-limbed ungainliness that he wondered if it was just another valiant (but failed) attempt at appearing human. Personally, he was secretly fascinated by their true forms. Apart from that, well, they were nice people. \"Heyguys,\" his voice came out an unexpected squawk, so cleared his throat. In a more laidback tone, he addressed the host of sleeping forms. \"I kinda really need you to wake up now. The ship's in trouble. Yeah. Haha. I'm kinda not kidding.\" Silence. Even the alarm had finally switched off. \"Yeah. Anytime now, guys. 'K, anytime'd be great.\"[Chapter 5] Tech Sergeant Chen. Intelligent, curious, adventurous. A natural born engineer with a taste for problem solving. To find himself alone in the digitizing room where he had been maintaining the ship's overheating electro flexors was at first quite unnerving. A moment ago, he had been surrounded by crew. He had been the calm in the eye of the storm, as it were. With that ever present twinkle in his perpetually narrowed eyes. In the midst of frantic and  yes, even unruly - members of the crew, who shouted to and at each other in the adrenaline of the moment, Chen had felt his customary peace of mind. Now, as he had stepped onto the digitizer to adjust some sparking connectors, the feeling of digitizing and dissolving passed through his body, leaving his skin feeling ruddy and tingly. He looked down at his body and legs. He was standing in the same spot. He hadn't digitized. But it was as though everyone elsehad? He squinted about the room. Something wasn't right here. He would have to search for them. Perhaps he had hit his head, blacked out for a few hours, and the crew had left him? He wouldn't be surprised, given the recent stirrings and feuding going on between the factions. He tried to stay out of it for the most part. He didn't like the idea of getting in between the two almost openly rivaling leaders, Commander Taggart and Doctor Lazarus. To do that would be a good way to get himself mugged and treated to a lengthy stay in the Affliction Booth, a torture chamber rigged by some over-eager acolytes of Doctor Lazarus. Tech Sergeant Chen was, to say the least, a neutral island in a sea of sharks. Tension was high and murmurs of mutiny were everywhere. Still, he would explore to find out what had happened to everyone. He directed his feet toward the crew's quarters. ","Summary":" \"JASON, NOBODY'S DRIVING THE SHIP.\" Jason rolled over, still half-asleep, and groped for his vox "},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Matter of Perspective","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12903214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Takes place about a year after the Galaxy Quest movie ends. Matter of Perspective \"And...cut!\" the director yelled, and everyone on the set relaxed, awaiting any command for another take. \"Levar! Is that it?\" Jason Nesmith asked, from the chair of his character Captain Peter Taggart. This model was actually more comfortable than some easy chairs he had been in. The director held up his hand to hold them while he reviewed footage on a viewscreen of the last take. He pulled his head from behind the viewing hood. \"I'll probably need a few of you back for pickups in a couple weeks, but otherwise that's a season wrap folks!\" he announced. The cast cheered and made the rounds thanking the crew behind the scenes, and then retired as a group to the backstage dressing area. During the run of the original show, Nesmith had a trailer to himself while the others shared a common area adjacent to costuming. Now, by choice they all had small rooms that led out into a common area where they spent most of their time. Their adventure fighting General Sarris had not only gotten them a new run of their show, but also had united them in friendship and greater respect for their craft. It had been a joy returning to the show, and the conclusion of the first year with the new voyages was a cause for celebration. \"My fellow thespians,\" Alexander Dane announced as he started to remove his faux NSEA uniform of Dr. Lazarus \"if you will allow me a brief interval to shed my Mak'tar persona and become a human again, I'll begin our evening as the host to what I promise you will be a delicious meal at a little restaurant I managed to stumble upon this year. I've been keeping it a surprise so none of you have had a chance to ruin the place yet...\" Most laughed at the comment. \"...but they shall no longer have that luxury. Our chariot shall arrive shortly and we'll be off!\" he said with a flourish as he disappeared into the makeup department. \"He's in a great mood\" Gwen DeMarco observed. As Lieutenant Tawny Madison, her mostly token role on the bridge had still inspired female fans; now as a commander she was second-in-command and had a more active leadership role. \"I think that knighthood has done him good.\" \"It doesn't hurt that they changed the structure of the show so we all get spotlight episodes\" Fred Qwan added. Now instead of playing beleaguered Tech Sergeant Chen and constantly complaining about the ship being pushed beyond its limits, he had a character with backstory and a love interest in Laliari. In the credits Laliari was played by Jane Doe, but in reality she really was named Laliari, an actual Thermian from their adventure who stayed behind after falling for Fred. She appeared human courtesy of an image projecting device that hid her true appearance, which was best described as resembling a multi-colored land octopus. \"I'm the one that needed a backstory the most\" Tommy Webber added. \"You all look about the same, although Fred sure looks a lot less Asian than he used to be\" he joked. \"The network figured they didn't need a fake token Asian any more when they could work a few real ones in as occasional crewmen\" Fred retorted. \"But the last episode of the old show I was a kid, and in the pilot for the reboot I'm an adult. I'm still convincing fans I'm the same actor.\" Tommy had played a precocious but talented kid named Laredo that became the Protector's pilot; in the two decades since the original show he had grown into an adult off screen. \"At least you have something to compare\" Guy Fleegman snorted. \"People ask me 'Did you ever watch the original show' because no one remembers that I was the first redshirt killed in episode 81. I got to say 'Commander, Iaaaarghhhh!' and that is it. Dead. I for one am grateful I got another tour of duty.\" \"Guy, you realize that we're actors, right? You're not really Security Chief 'Roc' Ingersol\" Jason asked as he emerged from his room in street clothes. \"Uh, yeah, of courseI meant another chance to be with the cast\" Guy said sheepishly. \"Good. This show had an asshole on it once, and that was one too many.\" Jason spoke of himself, and how he had been exceptionally egotistical and elitist to the rest of the cast before their adventure had set him straight. \"Isn't Alexander out yet?\" \"Remember how long the makeup used to take?\" Gwen asked. \"Even then\" She was interrupted by Alexander emerging from the makeup department. \"Ah, completely human again\" he announced as he walked into the common area. He surveyed the group and found them all in street clothes. \"Resplendent in our native attire, let us boldly go where\" \"Ah, come on Alexander, let's eat\" Jason interrupted. \"Save your speech for the first toast.\" \"Well put, mon capitaine\" Alexander said with a bow. He glanced at his watch. \"Let's be off!\" As a group they followed the British actor as he led the way out of the maze of wires, walls and doors of the soundstage and into the studio alley behind the building. The sun had set, but their transportation lit the area. \"A bus limo?\" asked Guy. \"No my friendsa party bus\" Alexander proudly announced. The door opened and music could be heard playing from the inside. \"It will be at our beck and call for the evening as we celebrate. Ladies and gentlemen, dinner awaits.\" He waved with his hand in the direction of the bus and they started to file into the vehicle. \"Should I do a security sweep first?\" Guy asked eagerly as he moved toward the door. \"No Guy, I think we'll be okay on this vessel\" Jason rebuked. Shortly after they were all seated in the bus, trying to find out where the dinner location was. \"It's a surprise\" Alexander said \"and that's all I'm saying.\" While this was happening Fred looked out the window and saw the chauffeur walk towards the bus. He walked with a most peculiar gate. Fred pointed it out to Laliari, who started to get excited. \"Uh, guys...\" he started. \"It's not gonna be Japanese again, is it?\" asked Gwen. \"I just had that a couple of days ago.\" \"...um...\" Fred continued. The chauffeur looked EXACTLY like Morgan Freeman from Driving Miss Daisy . \"No, it isn't going to be Japanese. Now quit guessing and you'll see when we get there. If I tell you then it wouldn't be a surprise, would it\" Alexander said smugly. The driver climbed into the bus, shut the doors, and immediately flew the bus straight up in the air, freezing the looks on everyone's faces. \"Should have done a security sweep\" Guy muttered.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The group of actors sat around a table in a plain room. In front of them were trays filled with globs of various colors. No aroma came from any of the substances, which the Morgan Freeman lookalike had attempted to indicate as 'food'. All stared at the offerings except Fred, who was digging into each pile to taste it. \"My, this IS a surprise Alexander. You've really outdone yourself\" Jason complimented with more than a bit of sarcasm. \"This isn't my fault. We're supposed to be at 'Mama Mamacita Madame's Kitchen', not in a spaceship\" Alexander muttered. \"I had reservations and even put down a deposit. I don't think the Protector Two is anywhere near Westwood.\" \"Fred, maybe you shouldn't eat that\" Tommy warned. \"We don't know if it's even food.\" \"He pantomimed eating it to us, so it's food\" Fred countered. \"Are you sure? He showed us by sticking it up into his nose.\" \"Give the...er, man...a break. Remember, these Thermians don't really look like that. These guys really don't want to know how they eat, do they dear.\" Laliari shook her head while smiling. \"No\" she said in a very deep voice. Her translator was malfunctioning again, and for the time being she sounded more like Sam Elliott so she kept her talking to a minimum in public. \"So how is it?\" asked Gwen with a somewhat disgusted look on her face as she watched Fred eat. \"It's okay, but it needs salt\" he managed to say between mouthfuls. Guy, no longer the cocky character he played on the show or mimicked in real life, simply sat meekly and trembled slightly. Morgan Freeman's doppelganger returned. \"Because of the short notice we have not reprogrammed the food processors for your meals. I am sorry I was unable to speak to you earlier, but our last software update glitched some of the translators.\" Fred screeched and clicked, shocking everyone. \"My God, he's gone native\" Jason noted. \"Hey, I've just picked up a few words here and there; give me a break.\" \"Tech Sergeant Chen was simply asking for us to look at his wife's translator\" Morgan explained. Alexander roused himself from his fugue. \"I know that voice\" he said, standing. \"Give me a moment...you're not Morgan Freeman...you'reQuellek?\" Morgan smiled. \"Dr. Lazarus, I am honored you remember me although I see you are disguised as a human.\" \"Remember you? I watched you die!\" Alexander had formed a friendship with Quellek on their previous adventure, but the Thermian had been shot and died in front of the actor. The loss had propelled him into a frenzied attack on the enemies responsible. \"Yes; I regret you had to watch me perish. I apologize for any discomfort it may have caused you.\" \"But how...\" \"All will be explained later. Please, if you and your fellow heroes will accompany me to the bridge where Commander Mathesar awaits you eagerly.\" He turned and walked out with the odd gate of the Thermians. \"Now we're getting somewhere\" Jason said, standing as well. \"Everyone, let's play along and use our military names for now, okay?\" He referred to the Thermians believing that the original Galaxy Quest TV show was not fiction, but in fact a series of historical recordings. He had tried to explain to Mathesar the concept of actors and fiction, but in the end the Thermians felt that the explanation was simply a ruse to fool General Sarris. As the actors followed behind their guide, Laliari hurried ahead and spoke with Quellek in hushed tones; she seemed to be trying to convince him of something. At last they arrived on the bridge, where Quellek left them to go about some chore elsewhere. Mathesar turned from where he was standing and approached the group, walking up to Jason. \"Commander, I am...gratified that you...have arrived\" he said in his previous broken monotone manner. \"I am also...pleased to see...the rest of your command crew here as well.\" \"That's Captain Taggart now\" Guy blurted out before anyone could stop him. \"Captain? I...don't understand\" Mathasar asked. \"It's because...we received recognition for our actions in stopping General Sarris\" Jason explained, which was true after a fashion. \"Some of us received promotions; I was promoted to captain and Lieutenant Madison here\" Jason said as he pulled Gwen closer \"has been promoted to lieutenant-commander. Even Ingersol here is a lieutenant now.\" \"Your promotions are...well deserved. But nothing for Tech Sergeant Chen?\" Mathesar wondered. \"I got a wife out of it; I'm fine\" Fred responded. Tommy looked around the bridge. Lucy and Ricky Ricardo manned the science station, Marshall Dylan was at the weapons console, and the most unnerving sight was Stevie Wonder at the helm. \"Where did these people come from?\" he asked. Mathesar looked puzzled for a moment, and then let out an \"Arr...arr...arr\" that was his form of laughter. \"We have been...experimenting with our image projectors. A crew member can pick...a historical figure from...one of your planet's recordings.\" A door opened and a gangly youth in a red shirt and white sailor's hat entered the bridge like he walked straight off a deserted tropical island; for all the world he looked like Gilligan. He waved as Mathesar said \"You remember Teb, my second-in-command.\" The actors weakly waved back, except for Laliari who was busy circulating and happily greeting her fellow Thermians. \"Interesting choice\" mumbled Jason under his breath. In the meantime, Guy had wandered down in front of the navigation station and waved his hand in front of the face of the fake Stevie Wonder. The Thermian waved back. \"That's just wrong!\" Guy admonished. \"That explains why Morgan Freeman...er...Quellek picked us up. No, wait, it doesn't. I watched him die after being shot!\" Alexander said as he struggled to understand. \"We simply cloned him...so technically you might call him...Quellek II. The process isn't perfect, even when we uploaded his memories from the last save point.\" Mathesar did his best to shrug, but the effect was more like an eagle spreading it's wings. \"Cloning isn't the best way, but we've been out in space a long time and can't use the normal methods like we used to repopulate our planet. But for some reason Teb still can't gjyurl his breshsiot .\" \"I can't gjyurl my breshsiot until after my first cup of coffee in the morning\" Fred noted. \"You repopulated your whole planet?\" asked Tommy incredulously. \"I've got to hear this...how?\" Mathesar actually looked embarrassed. \"Perhaps young Laredo hasn't learned yet, but when two Thermians love each other very much...\" \"We understand, we really do\" Gwen interrupted. \"But a whole planet? In a year?\" \"The need was great, so we started the process off ourselves and left the rest to the new settlers. We mature very quickly, so all that was needed was the will\" Mathesar explained. \"They had the sufficient will, as it turns out.\" \"I'll say they do\" Fred agreed as he held Laliari's hand and exchanged grins with her. \"Okay, okay, fine\" Jason moved on. \"You've got your planet back, everyone gets to play dress up on the ship, and the universe is safe from General Sarris. So why did you bring us back?\" Mathesar looked pained. \"It troubles me to say, but I fear that we have committed a grave error in judgement. I am not the commander you thought I would be.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Jason didn't like the sound of that. \"Did you have to use the word 'grave'? How about serious error in judgement, I think that sounds better, don't you guys?\" The actors nodded in agreement as if it would lessen the danger. \"Mathesar, we all make mistakes; it's what makes us huer, normal. Ricky and Lucy over there seem to have it all under control\" he said pointing to the science station. \"Neru and Schlon are very good science officers, but I'm afraid even their skills cannot save us\" Mathesar lamented. \"Well, if it's hopeless we should head home\" Guy said as he made a show of walking to the door. \"Come on, we can still make it for dinner.\" \"Now just wait!\" Jason ordered, causing Guy to halt. \"We didn't come all this way just to abandon these people. Let's hear the man out. Okay Mathesar, what happened?\" \"Even though we were able to defeat General Sarris with your leadership, we had no confidence in our ability to protect our people. I was distressed, and searched for a way to become a stronger champion for our people. I thought I found an answer in your encounter with the Harmites.\" \"The Harmites?\" Jason asked. \"The Harmites, you remember captain\" Gwen prompted. \"Where we finally beat them by introducing organized betting and games of chance; the resulting shift in their culture moved them to be more peaceful and no longer a threat to civilization.\" \"Oh, yeah, right. So you introduced gambling to your people?\" \"No, far from it. But it was something you said at the end of the historical record of that encounter. 'It was almost the end of us, but by our struggles\" \"we have become stronger because of it\" Jason finished. It had been one of those speeches he never forgot; Nietzsche would have been proud. \"It was a very good speech, and I hope your crew remembers it too\" Mathasar reminisced. \"But it made me think we needed to be challenged to become stronger. So we found a planet to fight.\" \"You picked a fight with a planet?\" Alexander asked. \"Just like that? I thought you were supposed to be peaceful; the Mak'tar would be appalled\" he said disgustedly. \"Please understand Dr. Lazarus, we did not fight a defenseless planet to gain experience. First we armed the Zanadu\" Mathasar explained. \"Armed them! It sounds like they didn't need any weapons before you showed up!\" Fred snapped. \"No\" Mathasar said sheepishly \"even though they were somewhat hostile, they were really quite backward and posed no threat to us. They don't really seem to have the imagination to create new things, but they adapt very quickly to that which does exist. So we gave them technology to put up a fight against us, like what your records refer to as a 'sparring partner'. They adapted quickly, and now we are badly threatened; they don't seem to understand it was for harmless practice only and as a result we have had several of our ships heavily damaged from engagement. Our scientists believe the war will stalemate into eternal conflict if something is not done.\" \"Maybe you could blow up their planet\" Guy suggested. Mathasar looked horrified. \"That is not our people's way. We don't wish to harm them, just end the fighting. What can we do?\" \"So you want us to come to your rescue\" Tommy surmised. \"I am asking you to deliver me from the consequences of my inexperience. My intentions were good, and I saw no harm in the plan. Perhaps if I had been a commander longer I would not make such mistakes. Captain Taggart, can you save us? You are our only hope.\" \"Again?\" Jason asked. \"Again\" Mathasar agreed. \"Let me take it under advisement with my crew\" Jason hedged. \"Do you have a meeting room we could use? That room we were waiting in with the food would be okay I suppose.\" \"Thank you Captain, I feel there is a chance of success for the first time in weeks. The room is yours. As a matter of fact all your rooms are still as they were, held in your honor should you need them again. I leave you to your conference.\" Jason and the rest exited the bridge and retraced their steps to the room they had been sitting in earlier. Quellek was in the room when they arrived. \"You have returned; I trust the commander has explained our situation\" he told the group. \"Oh yeah, your commander was quite clear what a great situation you have going over here\" Tommy grumbled. \"Hardly a thing to worry about.\" Quellek looked confused. \"He means he feels confident we'll be able to come up with a solution\" Jason offered. The Thermian looked instantly relieved. \"That is comforting. In the meantime, I have prepared the facilities for you. Call if you need anything.\" He walked out of the room. \"Facilities?\" Alexander asked, looking around the room. It looked the same as it had when they left, except the food trays were gone off the table. \"I don't know if I've seen a room with fewer of them.\" \"Sanitary facilities\" Laliari said, her voice now back to a normal pitch. \"My people don't have need for them, and they had no idea that humans did. Your shows seem to have left that part out of the stories.\" \"Do you blame them, knowing what you know now?\" asked Fred. \"Not really\" she said. \"But I had to explain to Quellek what was involved. He said that they would be able to rig up some type of a vacuum system to remove the waste.\" \"About time too,\" Guy announced as he headed toward the door \"all this excitement has got my guts twisted up.\" The door opened when he touched a button and he entered the small room and closed the door. The actors sat themselves at the table to discuss the problem when a yell was heard from behind the door. Before any could rise, the door slid open and Guy stepped out, his face white as a sheet. \"I might be wrong, but I think the vacuum should remove the waste AFTER it has left the body.\" He shakily walked to the table and collapsed in a chair. \"Now that you've gone where no man has gone before, we need to work out a solution\" Jason deadpanned.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"I know this isn't the show, but I suppose getting them hooked on gambling isn't going to work\" Jason started. \"And we already said no blowing up their planet\" Guy lamented. \"We can't rely on the Omega 13 device; it was a one-use only technology, even if we had a place where it would come in handy\" Fred added. \"We can't just ignore the Zanadu or else there will be a fight that'll go on forever\" Gwen noted. \"I don't want that on my hands.\" \"The Thermians just can't move out of the neighborhood and start over\" Tommy suggested. \"It worked for my family, though.\" There was a pause in the conversation and Jason turned to Alexander. \"What would the Mak'tar do in this situation?\" \"Whatever the writers wanted to do, as long as it resolved the plot of course\" he answered. \"If you haven't noticed Jason, we didn't bring any writers with us today so we can't look it up in the show's bible of technobabble fixes. Becausebecause\" he trailed off as he looked thoughtful. \"So far we've got a list of things we can't do\" Jason summed up. \"I wonder if we can negotiate with the Zanadu? Maybe we can convince them of the hopelessness of the situation; it's just a matter of perspective if you look at it from a third party point of view.\" Alexander jumped up and paused for a moment before speaking. \"I've got an idea; Fred, you're with me. Everyone else keep working on options.\" Fred got up and they started to leave the room at a brisk pace when Alexander stopped and turned. \"Never give up, never surrender\" he said with a grin before leaving. \"Hey, that's my line\" Jason called after him. \"Since they're gone do I get a field promotion?\" Guy asked.  Alexander and Fred hurried themselves to the engineering section. When they entered, they found most of the personnel had set their image projectors so that they resembled large Dallas Cowboy football players. The two actors stared at the sight until Schneider from 'One Day at a Time' walked up to the pair, complete with toolbelt, t-shirt and denim vest. He noticed their stare and explained that the crew here was using the projections as an experiment to build team spirit. Alexander recognized the voice. \"Quellek, you've changed your appearance again.\" \"Our projectors have become quite versatile and we are expanding their capabilities. Tech Sergeant Chen has often saved the day by trying something different\" he confessed. \"Sounds like something I'd do\" Fred admitted. \"Believe me, I'm glad to hear it\" Alexander hedged. \"Now Quellek, I've got a few questions\"  The Protector Two pulled up to a spot in space just outside of Zanadu space. Mathesar broadcast a signal indicating the Thermians wished to parley, and waited for a response. They were not long in waiting, as a Zanadu flagship built exactly like the Protector Two approached and stopped a safe distance away. The Thermian ship was hailed and the viewscreen came to life. The Zanadu commander looked up from his console. \"Commander Mathesar, we have answered your request. What do the Thermians have to offer us that you have not already mentioned?\" One could imagine just a hint of contempt in his voice. \"Commander Grundt, I confess that the Thermians have nothing more to offer you in hopes of peace that what we already have extended. The impasse we find ourselves in must be broken for both our people's sakes. I regret that we've had to call in some extra help.\" \"Extra help? You'll need all the helpyoucan\" Grundt started to say before losing his train of thought, for pulling up beside the Protector Two was a similarly built ship, but easily 200 times the size of the Thermian ship and completely dwarfing the smaller crafts. \"Commander Grundt, please excuse me a moment while I transfer to the new arrival.\" Mathesar cut communication and all the Thermians left the bridge, replaced by the human actors. Mathesar changed the settings on his image projector and was replaced by a version of himself about one foot tall. He signaled to resume the communication. \"Thank you for your patience, Commander. I am on the bridge of the original Earth ship Protector ; I do believe you're familiar with her crew.\" He had the camera pull back, to reveal the seemingly huge crew around him. Grundt didn't have a jaw to drop, but one of his antennae drooped which indicated the same level of astonishment. Jason took control of the communication. \"Commander Grundt, this is Captain Peter Taggart of the Earth ship Protector . We haven't met, but I'm told you're aware of our reputation.\" Subtly, his voice had been given an added bass register to create a slightly more booming tone. \"Taggart? But how\" \"I'm sorry Commander, but Mathesar here tells me you both really need to stop fighting before things get too serious. I know, when we first met him we gave his people a model spaceship to play around with, and I truly am sorry for any trouble they've caused. The appropriate people have beendisciplinedand you won't seeI mean be bothered by them again.\" Mathesar affected a sorry look. \"I've got the rest of my fleet on the way to help out if necessary, but I think we can wrap things up here without having to create a traffic jam in this sector with all our ships.\" \"Ummm\" \"You see Commander, I see it this way; you two can cooperate and work for a common good, or the Protector will have to destroy your planet just to keep the rest of my fleet from using it for target practice. What do you say; can you help a guy out?\" \"Certainly, Captain Taggart\" Grundt managed to sputter. \"I'm sorry, you'll have to speak up; I can barely hear your tiny ship. CAN YOU HELP ME OUT?\" Jason yelled with full amplification and subsonics added. \"Yes, yes YES!\" Grundt yelled; he actually seemed eager to agree. \"Good! I'd hate the Thermians to be alone in this sector; it's nice to know they'll have their friends the Zanadu nearby. Thank you Commander, I am in your debt. Commander Mathesar, I'll hand it over to you while I see if I can head the fleet off before they get too close. Good day Commander Grundt\" Jason signed off as he had the channel cut. \"Everybody switch\" he yelled, and the actors dashed off the set while the actual crew returned. Mathesar adjusted his settings and his image returned to normal size. He signaled the Zanadu ship. \"Commander Grundt, if it is acceptable to you my second in command Teb will transfer over to your ship for negotiation of our peace. I'm afraid the crew of the Protector wouldn't fit in our ships\" Mathesar suggested. Meanwhile the image of the Protector turned and moved away. Grundt looked quite shaken. \"Commander Mathesar, Iwould be pleased to accept your envoy aboard my ship. I await his transport.\" The image faded and the screen went dark, to be replaced by the vista of space.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 \"So, how did you know it would work?\" Gwen asked Alexander as they relaxed in what they had come to think of as their meeting room. Mathesar and Quellek had joined them after Teb had transferred to Grundt's ship. \"I didn't of course, but I started thinking. All these different images projected must take some doing. Then Commander Mathesar said how the Zanadu didn't really have strong imaginations, and then the Captain used the term 'matter of perspective' which reminded me of the filming technique of forced perspective; you can make things look bigger or smaller with camera angles and distance.\" \"When you don't have models like we used to have on the old show\" Tommy added. \"Right. Then when I visited the engineering section I saw that the crew's projections varied in size, so I asked Quellek if we could take a shuttle and project an image around it; when he said he could the rest was just a matter of details\" Alexander said with relief. \"It wouldn't have worked if the Zanadu were totally bent on fighting, but from what I gathered that wasn't quite the case; I just couldn't find a motivation for them to do that. I put myself in their place and self-preservation kept coming to mind.\" \"Captain, I am still uncomfortable with the method we used. It was a deception\" Mathesar admitted. \"Your image projectors deceived us when we were first brought here to deal with General Sarris\" Jason stated. \"You pretended to be human.\" \"Thatis true\" Mathesar agreed. \"We felt it was best to contact you when looking indigenous. We did not wish to cause a panic.\" \"I'll say\" Tommy whistled. \"Who knows what might have happened if you came looking like your true selves.\" \"And\" Jason went on \"when you first fought against the Zanadu, were you trying to destroy them?\" \"No, of course not. We were testing different techniques and strategies, all with harmless low-powered weapons.\" \"which you wouldn't have done in a real situation, so that was pretend as well\" Jason argued. \"Again, that is true.\" \"So really, what we did was merelya simulation. We presented a test in the encounter with the Zanadu, setting certain parameters to measure what their response was. We never actually said that we were larger than them, and if they chose not to test their perceptions then far be it from us to tell them how to run their business.\" \"It isa fine point, one which I shall have to study for some time and which I may never quite understand. Its effect, however, was all that we desired and now we have peace again. Is there anything we can do for you before you and your crew leave, captain?\" \"Sure, we'll leave Security Chief Ingersol here and he can study your life while we head home.\" Guy let out a strangled \"Erp\" before getting woozy and putting his head on the table. \"Just kidding, we're fine Commander. I wish you luck with your new peace and I'd like to tell you to keep looking for new historical records; they should arrive in another couple of years. In the meantime, Tech Sergeant Chen and Laliari have asked to stay for a few days if that is okay with you.\" Laliari knew the truth of the show now, and it was felt that perhaps she could explain to the rest of the Thermians just what place fictional shows had in Earth's history and Galaxy Quest's part in it. Fred just wanted to get away for a vacation with his wife and didn't care where. Mathesar readily agreed, and the remaining actors trooped to the transportation room, where they were transported back to Earth, arriving in the alley behind the studio. Having gone through the experience before, they arrived home in a much calmer state of mind. It was now almost sunrise and the night sky was turning to grey. \"I'm hungry\" Tommy said, his stomach growling. \"I know of a great place to get some breakfast\" Alexander volunteered, before the boos and groans drowned out exactly where the place was. The End A/N: A great film in its own right, Galaxy Quest was both a parody and homage to not only Star Trek but much of science fiction in general. You can't possibly believe they only had one adventure though, right? ","Summary":" A/N: Takes place about a year after the Galaxy Quest movie ends. Matter of Perspective \"And...cut!"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"A Continuation","Author":"Dawningstars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6746736","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Shakespeare In Love. I wish I did...but no. I only own my foolish mistakes and Ravenclaw socks. Basic, Sorta Quickie Sum: Viola has been keeping a journal since she arrived in Virginia with Wessex. It's way better than it sounds. Trust me... By the way, Will/Viola. A/N: Thanks so much for reading this. These entries will usually be fairly short. But, trust me. There'll be a lot of them quickly. But, let it be known that I will not update unless I get at least one review, or one teeny display of reader affection for the story. (By the way, again, don't hate me if it gets too out of character and over dramatic...) Dear Journal, This is my first entry. Nurse has given me you as a wedding present. A month and a half ago, I was married, performed a play (illegally) opposite the man I love (indeed not Wessex!) broke his heart (and my own), spoke with the Queen of England, and Wessex and I began our journey to Virginia. I believe God will not forgive me (even though He is so merciful) for I had entered Heaven during my time with Will. I suppose His jurisdiction is that I should wander in Hell for the rest of my mortal years. I am nearly glad of it. Perhaps the flaming brimstone will distract me from my true torture. Oh dear, Wessex is coming. (I shall never refer to him as my husband.) He strongly opposes my writing. But, I shall write soon. - Viola de Lesse - Viola Shakespe - Viola Wes - Viola[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own anything to do with Shakespeare In Love. Boo me. A/N: Well, since it was the first chapter that I just posted, and there wasn't much to it, I suppose I shouldn't expect anything. However, this one is longer. Enjoy! By the way, I'm really, really, rushing the plot line. So, as I have admitted my mistake that I am too lazy to fix, just don't comment on it. But, as always, share the love. Dear Journal, I am sorry it has been so long since I have put ink to paper, although I never do tell you what day or month it is. No one on this continent seems to care what time it is, only what season, as they are mostly seeking agricultural fortune. I can tell you that it has been about two months though. Oh! I've forgotten. The reason I have waited to write is because Wessex seems to think I have been writing letters to Will (I haven't, because I think it would hurt him, and myself.) I am sorry I dawdled on the subject of time, and then got off-topic. I suppose I am both ecstatic and horrified. Wessex, today, showed a strange amount of observation and noted to me that I looked wider. Of course, I was a tad offended, especially because I feel so wretched already, but I wouldn't have included that remark in this entry if not for the fact that I pondered it. I haven't been eating a very healthful amount. But, don't worry about that. Anyhow, I pondered and pondered. I haven't been feeling too well, either. I am often sick. I crave the oddest things. The other day, I had a fearsome want for peaches and pickles, at the same time. How horrible a combination! I would have retched if I'd indulged the want, I do believe. At that moment, I remembered Nurse speaking of it. How certain, usually, married women often were sick and had odd cravings. You can't imagine my shock, oh Journal. I am still wondering if perhaps I ate something off, but the harder I push the idea of sickness, the weaker the claim becomes. Of course, I know where children come from. But, could it be possible that I am pregnant ? That I am to have a child? I am so shocked. But it isn't as if I were still pure. At once, I wondered if it were not Wessex's child. The chances that he had impregnated me are few, compared to those that a certain other has. The idea that I might have something of Will's other than memories is thrilling! However, I wonder what Wessex will think if the baby looks nothing like me and exactly as Will does. How wonderful, but potentially painful, it would be to have a child version of my William Shakespeare. I am not certain what will happen if Wessex realizes it may be Will's baby. If I even have a baby. Will he be cruel to him? Oh! But if it were Wessex's child, I am not sure what I would do. How soon will Wessex realize that I am pregnant? (Once again, if I am. I cannot stress how embarrassing it would be if it turns out that I am not, after making such a fuss. Even though, in reality, I am only speaking to myself.) Oh dear. I will not allow Wessex to place any kind of parental claim on the child, no matter the father. I shall die before living with another Wessex. I think I hear him. Oh thank you, Journal, for allowing me to pour out my raw emotion. - Viola A/N: The review button loves you and longs for a hug.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Shakespeare In Love. A/N: So, thanks to the 12 people who checked this out. For those wonderful people, I will persist. If you are new, congratulations, and, it's better than it sounds so far...I've got a special twist to this story...coming soon. BTW, I just added a special treat for you, in this chapter. COMPLETELY...well, ALMOST completely changes the plot. Dear Journal, It has been quite some time again. I'm so sorry that I haven't been the most loyal writer. It is very easy to forget things in this strange world! The days seem shorter with such a wonderful gift growing in my womb. It is certain that there is something. I have been eating more and more to support him. Wessex is aware of my pregnancy. As far as I am aware, he believes it to be his child. As you are a journal, and nobody will read what I will write, except for myself, I shall torture myself, and yet relieve myself of something burning inside. I always do miss my Will. I miss him with all my heart. I miss the way his eyes told me of his love better yet than his beautiful words. I miss his arm around my shoulders. Oh! Drat Wessex for being such a...I'm not quite certain what to call him. I do wish ever so much that I could just speak to Will for a moment. I should be forever happy and content for just that. Oh dear! I can't believe I forgot to mention this, especially with my ramblings on pregnancy and my dear Will!You'll be most shocked, I promise, Journal! Something most joyous happened today! Of course, I'd never have dreamt it possible, but a letter came, addressed to myself. I was drearily expecting a letter from my mother and father, or perhaps Nurse, as the lettering looked rather familiar. I'm surprised the seal wasn't opened by Wessex, but I'm glad. I cannot bear my privacy being sullied. I opened the letter, and unfolded it. Here, I shall put it into your pages. Dearest Viola, It seems impossible to write with a poet's hand as of late, due to our horrid circumstance, save what I have to, so I shall only speak to you only in prose. If you are glad to see our separation, read no further, for this shall be a letter only for those who can withstand a lovestruck fool's ramblings. I cannot stand being parted from you. It is almost a physical pain. How are you? Oh, don't speak of your... legal partner. I cannot bear his name. Speak of your surrounding, and the lady companions you may have met. I heard that Virginia was a very beautiful place, if somewhat tropical, compared to England. My dearest love, as previously stated, I cannot bear it any longer. I know it is impossible, and may result disastrously, but I must visit you. Do not tell me otherwise, because I've nothing to lose, except you, and I have. I have found a ship that can take me to you as soon as they can, but they were very vague as to when that would be. All that I can say for now is that I love you, and I'm coming. I do not know when, and, as this letter may take months to reach you, it will be very vague. You may have centuries to wait and compose a reply, or I may show up beneath your window tonight. How I love you. Your justified fool, - William Shakespeare How wonderful of William! How worrying if Wessex should find him, if he should... Oh, I think my babe's kicking. I feel rather sick. I must go. - Viola[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don't own Shakespeare in Love. Too tired to come up with a witty way of saying it, not that I've really used up my creative disclaimers on this story. A/N: So much for updating all the time. Sorry. Seriously, I have five chapters I forgot I wrote. Bloody brilliant! Dear Journal, It's been so long, hasn't it? The babe will be coming any time now. Any time now. I have been so horribly tempered lately. But it is hard to bear the burden of a child, and arrogant Wessex, and the actual physical exhaustion of not having Will with me. I swear, a few weeks with that man and it seems as though we have been together for years. Or seconds. I do feel as though I have picked up some kind of dramatic flair from him though. Before knowing him, I was much the plainer. Oh, my baby is kicking. Dear child. Oh. Lord, what was that? Oh, that is odd . I think I am[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: It's completely likely that I could own the movie. Totally. (Sarcasm. It helps me.) A/N: I've given up entirely on reader response. I'm just going to post when I can, for my own sake. I love you guys, though! Dear Journal, I have a baby boy. A baby boy. There is no doubt whatsoever about the baby's father. Oh, I wish Will could see him. He's so much like a miniature of him. Because Will and Wessex share brown eyes and hair (although Will looks so much the handsomer) Wessex hasn't deduced that the baby could possibly not be his. But, even if the baby had flaming red hair and purple eyes, Wessex would still think the baby was his. No, I am only teasing, but Wessex apparently isn't too observant to realize that the baby is not his. I am not yet sure what I should call the baby. Wessex has no ideas whatsoever, nor the mental perseverance to search a name out. So he has left the responsibility to me. I am glad of it. - Viola[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Don't own SIL. Nope. Wish I did. Nope. Yup. A/N: Seriously, I have, like, six chapter/entry thingiesso, I'll just try to keep it coming. Dear Journal, I am so incomparably sorry I haven't written. A year. A whole year has passed. How long has it been since I arrived in America? Almost 2 years? Oh, Lord in Heaven above! One moment; let me reread what I had written you last. I was naming the baby. I had decided on Nathaniel. It means 'gift of God.' And, truly, I have named him well. He is wonderful. I am not sure how I should have survived without him. Dear Nathaniel truly looks more and more like Will every day. Wessex finally noticed the resemblance. I am quite scared for my child at times. Wessex strongly had hoped that every trace of Shakespeare had been wiped from me. - Viola[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I don't own SIL. Dang it. A/N: If any of you still remember this story and are now expecting a reason for my absence when I so specifically said that my chapters would keep coming regularlywell, my computer completely died. Twice. And with it, six beautiful, long chapters. Then life intervened. Anyway, I felt guilty when you guys who still care started blowing up my email with notifications. So, I'm going to try to finish this. I have very, very vague notions of where I was going. Please excuse my dramatic liberties with history. Sorry it's kinda short. So, with much ado about nothingheheenjoy! Dear Journal, Nathaniel is so incredibly intelligent; I daresay he may follow in his father's profession. His vocabulary is rapidly increasing. Everyday I take some time to unfold the creased paper that bears my poet's mark. Its promises fill me with hope and despair with equal measure. I have long since composed a reply that most clearly illustrates my eagerness for our reunion. I no longer care for the ties of honor that bond me to my marriage. My heart demands to be reunited with Will, to see the adoration in his eyes as he looks at his beautiful son. Wessex and Nathaniel are not fond of each other, to say the least. I fear for the day that Wessex no longer sees a vulnerable toddler and instead sees a strong, outspoken opponent. My consolation lies in the knowledge that that day will not come so soon. There are many other worries to be had. Whispers of a plague haunt Virginia. The very thought of the word terrifies me. What should happen if Wessex died? While I am certain I would feel no remorse for his fate, what situation would Nathaniel and I fall into? What if, God forbid, Nathaniel were toI cannot think about that. Oh, Wessex is coming. He has gone. He brought me a letter written in a hand that I knew at once. - Viola[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: Never have, never will own anything. Ever. A/N: My dear readers, I'm so sorry to have left you with such a cliffhanger for so long. As of right now, I'm planning on continuing this story, but it will be a slow, stuttering process. Hope that you enjoy what comes along. Have a lovely Valentine's Day! Dear Journal, Last night, after I finished my letter, I was entirely too emotional to continue writing my entry. The letter I received was from my beloved Will, as you, my one confidante, have most likely assumed. There. I have tucked it into your pages, along with the still fresh flower that was wrapped within the wrinkled note. My Dearest Viola, Forgive me for I will have to be germane. I have not much time to write. I am in your village, and I have found passage for the two of us back to England. Meet me in the stables tonight, at eight o'clock, or whenever you are most at ease to slip away tonight from that damned Wessex. My heart burns after yours, my love. Ever your loving fool, -Will Shakespeare Ah! If I had had the time, I might have traced the impressions his fingers and pen made in the parchment, but luckily, I needn't fret too much about treasuring the ghost of his hands. The real Will was near enough that I would soon be able to touch his warm hands myself. His letters seemed much less substantial than they had over the past year. Coming out of my reverie and romance (or as much as I might be expected to), I realized that it was nearly eight then, and I would need to gather the few things I would require. Raising suspicion in my hated spouse was not even a question to be considered. Wessex had been stupid with drink all evening, sneering and slurring epithets at my son that I choose not to reflect upon. He eventually toppled over a chair. It had not taken long for him to start snoring. Before leaving that house which held no sentiment for me, I collected spare clothing for Nathaniel and myself, his things, my letters, and finally, my son. Our son. Nathaniel. How I had stopped when I considered this most important factor in our getaway! What would Will think of his toddling son? I am sure he would be pleased with him. Still, I suppose I am so accustomed to Wessex's frigidity and intolerance that I have little faith in paternal pride. When I responded to Will's first letter, I had not been entirely certain of my condition, so I had dared not mention the pregnancy, for fear that if I were wrong, it would somehow, unnecessarily complicate some matters beyond my knowledge. I wish that I had given voice to my concerns, especially considering that Will had only secured two places on whichever ship he had come from. Of course, they wouldthey mustallow a baby aboard. Little Nathaniel would take up no room at all, and his little appetite could not require victuals enough to make a difference in the ship's economy. Will is staring at me again. I must go. -Viola ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Shakespeare In Love. I wish I did...but no. I only own my fo"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Lost","Author":"Scarlett Sophie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2381500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was dawn. The sunnwas just beginning to rise over the slight hill beside which Violanhad lain down beside which to sleep. She smiled, and looked around.nIt was pleasant to sleep outside, however wet with dew you might benthe next morning, and she stood and shook her ragged dress to get asnmuch water off as possible. \"What shall I havenfor breakfast?\" she mused aloud, for she had no fear of beingnoverheard. It had been two weeks since she had been on the island,nand she knew that she was the only one there. But she didn't mind.nShe was confident that one day a ship would sail by and she would benrescued, brought back to England, a widow and a wealthy one at that,nand she would see Will again. Oh, how she missed him! Him and hisnplays! Plays were one of the few things she missed while being stucknhere. She sighed, remembering the glorious day when she had playednJuliet alongside Will. It had been so romantic, and exhilarating. Shenwished she had been born a boy. Then she would be able to actnonstage. She noticed a patch ofnmushrooms, and these she picked, knowing that they were notnpoisonous. She laid them down on a patch of wet grass, then went innsearch of some other vegetable that she might be able to eat. She found nothing, andnso she ate the mushrooms, then drank some water from a nearby springnwhich she had found on the second day. The water was cool andnrefreshing, and made her start to think about her future. There wasnno telling how long it would be before a ship came by to save her,nand she wouldn't be able to live off the land for much longer.nEvery day she found fewer and fewer things to eat, and every day hernonly dress grew more and more ragged and unusable. She wondered ifnshe might be able to build a boat herself. It was a possibility. She groaned, notingnthat she had no tools to cut trees with, and that she would only benable to build a small raft, which would probably never make it tonEngland. She would just drown when the boat sunk, and all of hernefforts at survival from the past weeks would have been in vain. Shenshook her head, casting away that idea. There was a noisenbehind her and she turned in shock, wondering what was there. She hadnseen only a few tropical birds and seagulls while she had been on thenisland, and no other animals of any kind. But the creature she sawnwas no animal. Viola closed her eyes, trying to wish it away, prayingnsilently and fervently that it wouldn't hurt her. Will groaned and gotnup. His whole body ached. That, though, was no wonder, since he hadnfallen asleep at his writing-table, his quill in hand. He set hisnmouth in frustration when he noticed that the ink had all but driednup overnight. Now he would have to buy more, and that was expensive.nHe had long since spent the money he had won from Viola's husband,nand now he was almost broke. Since the Rose Theater had closed and henhad been forced to sell his plays to Richard Burbage, he rarely saw anpenny, except at the completion of his works. Most annoying, butnRichard knew his ways well by now, and he would not fall for Will'sntricks, especially when he knew that Will had no one else to sell hisnplays to. Will looked outside.nPeople were busy in the streets. London was bustling, as usual, andnhe sighed longingly. He wondered if he would ever love life again,nfor since Viola had gone to Virginia, he had been moody andndistraught. He took pleasure in nothing except drink, and though hisnplays were very well-received by the Queen and by the London public,neven that could not comfort him, for he had found that success wasnmeaningless unless you had someone to share it with. There was a knock onnthe door, and Richard Burbage walked in. He was dressed as a finenactor should dress, wearing very expensive clothing, all the latestnfashion. He looked quite dashing, and was even shaved. Will smiled asnpleasantly as possible, wondering tiredly why Richard should decidento call on him at this of all times, when he was feeling most tirednand sad. He sorely missed Viola, the only true love he had evernknown, but he did not admit that to anyone, not even the apothecary,nto whom he made his daily confessions. But Richard did not appear tonnotice Will's apparent moodiness, and began to speak in a mostngallant fashion. \"Mr. Shakespeare, Inhave come to ask you some questions about your new play. You knownthat we are having problems finding someone to play the ladynKatherine? Well, now we cannot even find someone in the streets tonplay the lady. Of course, we can, but those we have found arenunsatisfactory. I have come to ask your help. You know famous actors,ndon't you? Could you perhaps find someone willing to play anshrewish wife? Or would that be too controversial a role?\" Will rubbed his eyes,nmaking stars erupt in them. His stomach rumbled, but he ignored it.nHe was so used to hunger, now that he had barely enough money to buynwriting supplies. \"I don't know,nRichard. I've sort of lost touch with the more brilliant actors innLondon. They don't talk to me much anymore, now that I've gotnsteady work for one of the more successful playhouses. They thinknit's against the writer's code of honor to work for such highnwages. Of course, they don't know what I go through every day,\"nWill said wryly, and Richard smiled congenially. He resented thenremark, but he said nothing because he knew that William Shakespearenwas a very popular playwright he could not afford to lose. \"Could you at leastnhelp us and search for someone? We are desperate. It has been almostna month now that we are searching. And we have found no one. We hadnthought not to disturb you, since you are busy enough every daynwriting the play, but now we really need your help. You could perhapsntalk to the Queen sometime, when you are assisting a production ofnyours at the Palace. She might want to help you, since she's such anmerciful soul and has taken such an interest in you.\" Richard'snvoice was almost pitiful. Will sighed. He stoodnand walked over to the small stool by his bed, on which stood andecanter filled with ale. He took a swig, and smiled. Drink alwaysnmade him feel better, no matter what. It was one of the few surenthings in this world. \"I'll do what Incan, Richard, but I'm not promising anything. Just continue asnyou've been doing. You don't need to worry too much about such ansmall matter.\" Slightly more at ease,nRichard smiled and tipped his hat to Will. He turned to go, butnpaused in the doorway. \"And let me remindnyou, Will, that it is your own play at stake here.\" \"Yes, yes, I knownthat already. I may be a poor drunk, but I am not a fool.\" Richard smiled in thatnknowing way he sometimes had, then left, closing the door behind him.nLeft once again in solitude, Will lay down on his bed and tried tonsleep off his hangover from the previous night.[Chapter 2] ChapternTwo The man took a stepntoward Viola, and she cringed. But she calmed down when she noticednthat he was well-groomed, and wore a nice, new outfit which was madenof silk. Anyone who was not ragged and forlorn-looking was alrightnwith her. Though Viola wondered how he could look so neat if he, too,nwas stranded on this island. \"Hello there, I'mnSir Thomas Kentworth,\" he said, taking a step forward and holdingnout a hand. Viola in turn stood, and curtsied, but did not shake thenhand offered to her. \"Viola de Lesseps,nsir. I was stranded here when the boat carrying my husband and myselfnto Virginia was wrecked during a storm,\" she said, her voice coolnand respectful. Sir Thomas smiled, andnwatched her, taking her in. Viola wondered if he would ever stopnlooking at her, because it felt odd, but he soon stopped andncontinued to speak. \"I thought you werenalone on this island I heard you walking around yesterday noon,nlooking for food. You ate some strawberries and mushrooms, if Inremember well. I did not know you had a husband. Where is he?\" SirnThomas said, looking innocent. Viola was slightly shocked by the factnthat he knew so much about her already, while she knew nothing aboutnhim besides his name. \"Forgive my error ofnspeech. My late husband. He perished in the storm whichnshipwrecked me and killed all the sailors.\" Viola's tone wasncold, but slightly friendly. It had been a while since she had spokennto someone other than herself, and it felt good. But despite her longnweeks away from the structured world of English society, she had notnforgotten her manners, and knew she must not be too friendly withnthis stranger. \"Forgive me, mynlady, if I offended. I did not realize. Anyway, the reason of mynabrupt intrusion on your privacy is that I would like to offer you anjourney back to England. You see, I am a merchant by trade andnfrequently travel between Virginia and London, and during thesenjourneys I enjoy stopping by this small island and resting. It isnquiet and peaceful, as no city is, and I like to hear the quietnlapping of the waves without the cries of sailors doing theirnbusiness near me. I noticed you yesterday, and felt rather sorry fornyou, but did not feel that it would have been gentlemanly to intrudenupon you when you were so deep in your thoughts. It might havenstartled you half to death, and I could not have borne that. In anyncase, I was hoping you would like to come with me. It is only anfour-week journey back to London, and I am sure that your parentsnwould love to see you again, despite your widowhood,\" he smilednsweetly, as if denying culpability for having overheard her speakingnto herself the day before. Viola blushed. \"That is a veryngenerous offer, sir. You are most kind, and I would love to accept. Inhave so been longing to get back to London.\" Viola's heartnsoared, for she thought eagerly of returning to Will, to his plays,nand to the city she knew so well, which was so familiar to her. Sir Thomas smilednknowingly, as if guessing her thoughts. Viola frowned, not liking himntoo well. But he was her only means of getting back home safely, ornof getting home at all. She smiled at him and took the arm he heldnout to her, and they started to walk in some direction, probablyntowards Sir Thomas' ship. \"By the way, mynlady, I have several spare dresses in the cabin. They are leftoversnfrom what I brought to Virginia. They were too expensive for thenladies there to afford.\" Viola looked down atnher tattered gown and blushed. Yes, it was embarrassing to be seen innthis, she thought gloomily, fingering a rather large hole in thenmaterial. And though it was not ladylike to accept such a large giftnfrom a gentleman, she decided that it might be alright this one time,ngiven the circumstances. The streets of Londonnwere even more crowded than they had been that morning, and Willnfought against the crowd, trying to make his way to the alehouse,ndetermined to find human company. He had woken from his nap to findnthat he was unable to get back to sleep, and as he had begun to thinknlongingly of Viola, he decided that he must find someone to talk to,nand to avoid being alone with his thoughts at all costs. The alehouse was darknand dank, the wood tables and chairs sagging because of constant use.nBut no one was there, except for a few street people with nothingnbetter to do, a boy who was playing lonesomely with a little dog in ancorner, and the bartender, who looked bored beyond imagining. But thenbartender smiled eagerly when he saw Will, for he was fond of Willnand of his plays. And he knew that Will could never resist ale, andnthat he would always pay back his debts, unlike some of his otherncustomers. So he never had any qualms about letting Will buy ale onncredit. \"Hello, there,nChristian,\" Will said cheerily, trying to fake happiness. Sometimesnhe didn't care who saw him when he was moody. Now was not one ofnthose times. \"Hello Will, how arenyou? How's life treating you? Well, I hope. Myself, I haven'tnbeen having such a good time. A couple of rats managed to steal ancase of ale, and that was worth a couple of pounds. Anyway, how arenyou, Will?\" \"Oh, I'm alright.nBut I need to ask you a favor, Christian. I'm working on this newnplay, you see, but we're one actor short. No one wants to play anshrewish wife name Kate, who never listens to anyone and alwaysndrives men away. I don't know why, since it's such a brilliantnpart. It's a comedy, and my critics at the theater say that Kate isnthe liveliest character, apart from Petruchio, her husband. In anyncase, Christian, I need you to help me find someone who wouldn'tnmind playing a shrew.\" Christian noddednknowingly and passed Will a glass of ale. Will moved his hand towardnhis purse, but Christian shook his head. \"On the house, mynfriend. My problems are nothing compared to yours. And yes, I'llnhelp out. I know quite a few lads who would do anything for money.nLike that one over there,\" he said, pointing towards the boy in thencorner, who didn't even look up. He appeared to have not heard thenmention of himself. \"Yes, but we neednsomeone with talent. It would look so odd to have a set of brilliantnactors in minor parts, and then to have a silly little street urchinnin the main part.\" \"Don't worry,nWill, that one has talent. Sometimes I get him to do work for me, andnonce or twice I caught him trying to act out lines from your lastnplay. He's a very good actor, if I do say so myself. And I knownthese things. Anyway, Will, I would talk to him. He'll do anythingnyou ask for money, and likes theater, so he might put in extra worknfor the pleasure of being on stage.\" Will eyed his friendnsuspiciously, but Christian seemed unfazed. He saw too manyncharacters during the week to care much about one silly playwright'snsuspicions. He nodded at Will, and pointed in the boy's direction. Will stood up andnwalked over to the boy, who looked up at him when he came near. Hisnface was a little dirty, but mostly clean. He had mouse-brown hair,nfreckles, pale skin, and bright brown eyes. The dog he had beennplaying with ran away while his attention wavered, but the boy didn'tnnotice. \"Hello, I'mnWilliam Shakespeare,\" Will said as a form of introduction, bendingndown as he spoke so that he was on the boy's level. \"Yes, I know. I'venseen you come in here a few times, and I heard some people callingnyou by name. I'm George Darkins. What can I do for you, sir?\" thenboy said in a calm voice, devoid of emotion. He spoke with a thicknCockney, but Will was sure that he knew how to speak like a culturednperson. \"I am working on annew play, and I need someone to play a shrewish wife. The problem is,nno one wants the part. So Christian there told me that you might wantnto help me, since you're such a fan of the theater. And I would paynyou good money. I work over at the Globe Theater, and it's doingnquite handsomely.\" George looked pensive,nbut smiled finally. \"I do like theater,nvery much. Me own father was an actor. Died a while ago, though. Andnsure, I'd be willing to help you, for some money. I don't mindnplaying a shrewish wife. The part's all the same to me. I just likento act.\" \"Good boy. Come tonthe theater tomorrow then, around noontime, and I'll see how youncan act. Then we can get you in costume and acquainted with the text,nand then we'll start rehearsing. It's a good play, boy, and I'mnsure it will be a success. It's a comedy.\" Will rose, smiling atnthe boy, who smiled back, showing teeth that were rather white. Willnwondered why Richard was so incapable of finding talent. Londonnsimply reeked of it. Shaking his head, he made his exit from thenalehouse.[Chapter 3] ChapternThree Sir Thomas' ship wasnlarge and spacious, and Viola's rooms were comfortable. She had ancabin all her own, complete with bed, dresser, and a wardrobe full ofnexpensive dresses left over from Sir Thomas' trades. All thenfurniture was nailed down to the floor to prevent them from rollingnabout the cabin during the journey. The sailors were alsonnice, and welcomed Viola aboard cheerfully. It had been a while sincenthey had been in female company, and liked Viola's spirit andneagerness to learn about sailing. And though they knew she was anlady, they still delighted in telling her gruesome sea-stories andnteaching her how to sail. She ate her meals innSir Thomas' rooms, but spent her days with the sailors, learningneverything they already knew and enjoying life. Her pale face, whichnhad been her mother's pride, was now freckled from her time in thensun, and though she didn't mind, she wondered what the Court wouldnthink if they saw her now. She also knew that she could not bencriticized for not staying out of the sun, for it was impossiblenwhile stranded on a desert island. So she spent as much time outdoorsnas possible, knowing that it would be her last for a while. She enjoyed not beingna lady. She drank ale with the sailors in the evenings, sang balladsnwith them under the stars, and enjoyed listening to their crude jokesnwhich they told each other while working. It was fun, and shenrelished it. And they, in turn, did not try to dissuade her fromnspending time with them, for they liked the spunky, high-born widownwhose husband had perished at sea, barely a month after theirnmarriage. They thought it a tragic love story, and thought Violanquite brave for putting up with her loss so well, but if some of thensailors were curious about how she could act so uncaring about thendeath of her husband, they soon forgot it as soon as Viola came nearnand began to sing in her soprano voice some song which they hadntaught her. At night everyonengathered on the deck to hear stories, and it was on one such nightnthat Viola told them of William Shakespeare. Being worldly men, theynhad heard of the playwright, but did not know very much about him.nAnd they listened eagerly to Viola's tale, for it promised to be anninteresting one. Even Sir Thomas, who usually yawned boredly duringnthe nightly tales, leaned in towards Viola, a rapt, intent look onnhis face. \"The first time Inever spoke to Will Shakespeare was during an audition. I wasnauditioning to play Romeo in Romeo and Juliet , and I recited anmonologue from one of his plays. This play had not been well-receivednby the London community, and when I recited it, he seemed taken by menand by my acting. I had been posing as a boy to get the part, so Inran frightened through the streets of London, trying to get to thenThames so that I could cross the river and reach home, wherenpresumably I would be safe. But Will followed me home, and gave anmessage to my nurse, asking her to tell me that he would like for mento be in his play. I readily accepted the offer, and I become Romeo.nIt was very amusing, and he seemed taken by my acting. And believenme, I had always wanted to be an actor. But it isn't allowed for anwoman to act, and so I knew that my dream was unreal. But thisnopportunity was too good to be true, and I tried my hardest to bensatisfying to its author. \"In any case, onenday Will found out about my being a girl. He followed me home, and henstood outside my balcony window, calling for me until I came outside.nOh, how exciting! And one night he even came upstairs into my room! Inlearned the whole play by heart, and I loved every minute of it. Willnwas my idol, a god in my eyes. And to be a personal friend of his wasnan honor beyond measure. But one day the police found out about mynbeing a girl, and I was shunned from theater. And the Rose Theater,nwhere the play was to be performed, was closed. Lucky for Will,nRichard Burbage, the owner of the Globe Theater, was kind enough tonoffer him the use of his own theater for the exposition of the play.nEverything seemed to be going well. But then the actor who was tonplay Juliet could no longer play the role, and they were in a fix.nAnd I was watching the play, and overheard two of the workersntalking. And I told them that I knew the part of Juliet, and they hadnme go onstage as Juliet. It was so very exciting! I loved everynminute of it. I acted my heart out, and the play was very wellnreceived, especially by the Queen. She even offered to look at somenmore of Will's plays. And then I went to Virginia with my husband,nbut our ship was sunk, and now here I am.\" She smiled at hernaudience, who was by now in tears, touched by her story of womanlyncourage. Sir Thomas began to clap, and all of the sailors followednsuit. \"That was beautiful,nLady Viola! Simply beautiful!\" Tom, one of the sailors, said,nwhimpering slightly. His face was bleary with tears, and if everyonenelse hadn't been crying too, he would have been laughed at. \"Thank you,neveryone. It means a lot to me that you enjoyed my story. And it'sntrue, too, in case some of you had any doubts,\" Viola smilednsweetly, folding her hands in her lap and looking rathernout-of-place, sitting on a barrel like a sailor and wearing annexpensive dress in the latest fashion. \"Is Will still innLondon?\" asked Tom, his voice reverent. Many of the other sailorsnrepeated this question with curiosity, wondering if Lady Viola'snone true love was waiting for her to return. Viola smiled andnsighed, lapsing into a short day-dream, remembering Will. Oh, how shenhad missed him! And his plays! She had missed those almost as much asnshe had missed him! She sighed again, then came back to earth. \"Well, I don'tnknow for certain, to be honest. I've been gone for nearly twonmonths now. I don't know what's been going on in London. He mightnhave moved. And he might not remember me too well-\" \"That would nevernhappen, Lady Viola! No one could ever forget a character as lovely asnyou!\" interrupted someone. Viola blushed. \"That's very kindnof you, but I don't deserve such praise.\" \"What! Of course youndo, Viola. Everyone knows you do. Why, you're the toughest personnhere, and you're a lady as well. No one could forget a person suchnas that,\" Sir Thomas protested. Viola smiled at such praised.nDuring her weeks at sea she had learned that Sir Thomas was a verynkind and cordial person, but very cold and private. He never warmednup to anyone, and apparently had no trusted friends on board. So shenwas very touched that he thought of her that way. \"That's very sweetnof you, Sir Thomas. Coming from you, that means\" Her voice trailed off,nand the boat started to rock. The whole world spinned and starsnerupted in her eyes. She rubbed them, trying to ward off the feelingnof sickness. She couldn't. She could hear muffled mutterings, butnpaid them no mind. She could barely think. And then everything passedninto darkness.[Chapter 4] ChapternFour Will sat on a bench innthe balcony at the Globe Theater, awaiting the arrival of GeorgenDarkins, the boy he had asked to come audition to play a shrewishnwife in his new play. He was the only person in London who might haventalent and who would actually sound like a girl instead of a cheapnstreet-dweller looking for money. But apparently George had eithernforgotten or had decided that he would rather not act for him. Will sighed and stoodnup. It was hopeless. If only Viola were still here in London, shencould play Kat for him. She would be brilliant at it, and Willnwouldn't have the problem of trying to find an actor. But Viola wasnin Virginia with her awful husband. He shuddered at the thought,npitying his lover. \"Excuse me?\" camena voice from the stage. \"I'm here for Mr. William Shakespeare.\" Will had begun tondaydream, and so hadn't noticed when George had walked onto thenstage and had looked around for him. In shock, he noticed that thenboy was turning to leave, apparently finding no one at the theater. \"I'm here,nGeorge!\" Will called loudly, hoping the boy would hear. He did.nGeorge turned and smiled at Will. \"I thought you'dnforgotten about me sir. That or you were trying to avoid me, havingnactually thought about your offer and seen how silly it was of you tonoffer me a position in your play.\" Will laughed. \"Don't be silly,nboy, I have no one else. So either one of those ideas wouldn't benpossible. I sorely need you. And if what Christian says is true, andnyou have some talent, then I would be glad if you could be in somenmore of my plays. I always need someone to play the girls.\" George grinned andnbowed proudly. It was an elegant bow, one which even Will had troublenreproducing, and so had never fully learned it. But he was impressed,nand clapped loudly, the sound resonating in the empty theater. \"What can you actnfor me now, boy?\" Will asked in a kind, slightly mocking tone. Henwas slightly skeptical of the boy's ability to act, but kept it asnmuch to himself as possible. This boy was the only field open to himnright now, and more than anything else, he wanted his play to be seennby the masses. \"I would like to actnout a scene from Romeo and Juliet . I will be playing Juliet,nsince I would be a girl in your plays,\" George said, his voicenslightly nervous but loud. Will noted with satisfaction that he couldnhear the boy's voice perfectly well from up in the balcony. Henmight actually have some talent after all. George then recited anscene which Will had not heard spoken aloud since the day when Violanhad stepped in and had played Juliet for him. He breathed in sharply,nand closed his eyes tight, fighting the memories. Oh, how he missednViola! She had been the only true joy he had ever known, and henwished that it had not been a temporary joy. Oh, how fleeting theirnlove had been! How short! He sighed, and tried to listen to George'snwords. But he found that he could not, for he kept trying to blocknout the words, to forget George's voice, and to imagine that it wasnViola, not George, speaking them. It was impossible. He could notnimagine Viola, and he could not completely block out George. It was anpainful experience. But he nonetheless gave George a standing ovationnat the end of his recitation. \"Bravo, my youngnsir! You will be my Katherine! The public will love you, and you willnbe a huge star! In any case, sir, it is my lunch-hour, and I wish toneat something. Perhaps you should do the same. But be back here atnthe theater in two hours, for the rehearsal. I'm sure that Richardnwill be very pleased to know how easily I found an actor for him,\"nWill mused aloud. George bowed, and started to make his way out ofnthe theater. \"Sir,\" he said,nturning. \"If it would be alright with you, I would like to get yournsignature. You see, I have a friend who is a big fan of your work.\" Will smiled. The lastnperson he had known who had truly loved his work to the point ofnpassion was Viola. Perhaps he and George might get along rather well.nHis actions kept reminding him of his lost love. He did not like tondwell in the past, but it was pleasant. And perhaps he could formnsome sort of friendship with this child, who seemed so tormented.nPerhaps he could even act as a father. He had never been fond ofnchildren, indeed, had once cursed them, but now, looking upon George,nso sweet and innocent-looking, he could not help but feel pity fornthe poor child and want to help him. Yes, perhaps George was a newnopportunity for him, just as Viola had been. He could feel thenbeginning of a new age in his life unfolding. \"Yes, I would benpleased to give you my signature. But I will only give it after thenrehearsal, so see to it that you come. I would hate to lose my mainnactor. You see, without Katherine, there would be no play.\" The two smiled at eachnother, and George disappeared backstage. Will shook his head, andnbegan to climb down the narrow stairwell which led to the main floornof the theater. It was noon, he was hungry, and he had several pencenwhich Richard had given him as compensation for having actuallynhelped in the search for an actor. The nearby alehouse would be anpleasant refuge.[Chapter 5] ChapternFive Viola awoke in herncabin. She felt weak and tired, and she could only just barelyndistinguish Sir Thomas and Charlie, the ship's doctor, standingnover her, worried expressions on their faces. \"Oh, good, you'renawake!\" Sir Thomas said, smiling tiredly at Viola. His face wasnlined and looked very old, very weary. She smiled blearily back atnhim, trying to reassure him of her well-being. \"What happened?\"nshe asked, and rubbed her forehead. She could hardly remembernanything. Her head hurt very badly, as if she had hit it. She triednnot to wince at the pain. \"You fainted, mynLady. While you were telling us a story, you just up and fainted.nYou've been asleep for a few hours,\" Charlie informed her. Shenbit her lip. She had never fainted in her life. She wondered why shenshould now, all of a sudden. She wasn't seasick or anything. Shenhad never been. \"I'll leave you tonrest, Viola. I'll check in on you in a while. Don't stressnyourself too much. None of us on board could bear to see you hurtnyourself.\" Sir Thomas stood andnleft the cabin, which was dark and lit only by one candle which satnon the table by Viola's bed. The door to the cabin closed with ansoft clatter, and there was a note of finality and foreboding to thatnsound. \"Viola, I havensomething important to tell you, and you may not like it,\" Charliensaid quietly. Viola tried to sit up, suddenly worried by the tone innhis voice, but found she could not. She sank back onto the pillowsnwith a groan. \"What is it?\" shenasked warily. She hoped it was not life-threatening. \"Well, you'rengoing to have a baby. You're about four months along,\" Charliensaid, twisting his hands nervously. He was embarrassed by thenindecency of the situation, for never before had he to tell a womannsuch news. Viola, too, blushed crimson, and looked at her waist. Shenhad been wondering why she had been gaining weight so rapidly,ndespite her small appetite. She had first noticed it on the island,nand had thought it rather strange because of the few things availablento eat. \"Oh,\" she managednto say after a pause, and then relapsed into her thoughts. She hardlynnoticed when Charlie made his quiet exit from her presence, feelingnthat he didn't need to stay there any longer. Her silence wasnoppressive to him, and he was eager to get back to men, who didn'tnhave such problems. In Viola's mindnthere was no doubt as to who the father could be. It was Will. He wasnthe only man who had ever made love to her. She had never had annopportunity during her marriage, for right after the ceremony she wasnwhisked off to the ship, upon which love-making was difficult. Shenbeamed, proud of the tiny child she was carrying, proud of thenplaywright who had fathered it. But then her face fell. During the entirenjourney she had looked forward to seeing Will again. She knew that henwouldn't mind taking her back, even after her failed marriage. Butnnow there was doubt in her mind. She knew about hisnwife, and the children that he never saw. Suppose that when she toldnhim he would not take to the news, and try to run away from her? Whatnwould she do then? She could always try to pass the child off as onenfrom her marriage, but Will wouldn't be fooled. He would know. Henwould never want to see her again, for he hated children, as far asnshe knew. He never wanted to see his wife, and he had once told hernthat the only reason he had married was because his wife was carryingnhis first child. But she wouldn't have that opportunity, for shenhad been previously married. And he would have the right to never seenher again. If she had been his wife, she would have gotten to see himnsometimes, to avoid being ridiculed by the town, but she was not innthat position. He would never speak to her again. And what if he didnstill care about her, even if she told him? He would want to see thenchild, and she couldn't do that. She would have to tell the worldnthat it was the only descendant of her dead husband, and then Willnwould have no rights over it. He would only see it when he visitednher at home, and that hardly ever happened. Oh, what a horriblenposition she was in! And she was barely a week away from home! Only a week to pondernthings! Only a week to try and decide what to do with her life! Onlyna week! Such a thought was intolerable to Viola. She couldn't bringnherself to face the sailors, who had come to regard her as one ofnthem, and to have her femininity brought into play so close to thenend of their voyage, when she had already earned their friendship andntrust She spent the remaining week at sea in her cabin, pleadingnillness. Her only visitors were Sir Thomas and Charlie, who came toncheck up on her medical state. And the freckles which she had come tonlove as a sign of her independence from society began to fade andndisappear, leaving her skin as white and flawless as it had evernbeen. They docked in Londonnin the morning. Viola left the boat, holding on to Sir Thomas' armnfor support. She had no luggage, though Sir Thomas had kindly offerednto give her the dresses she had worn, but she refused. The only dressnshe took from him was a pale blue one which hid her thickening figurenslightly, and a dark blue cape to keep out the chill early morningnfrost. \"Do you want me tonescort you home?\" Sir Thomas questioned, looking slightly sad atnthe imminence of their parting. \"No, I have a fewnstops to make before I return to my parents,\" she said, smilingnsweetly. She was eager to find Will and tell him her news, howevernafraid she was of his reaction. \"All right, then.nYou can find me here at the docks every few months. I'll try toncall on you sometimes. Your friendship is much valued, my lady.\" They smiled at eachnother, then parted ways. Viola started to walk through the streets ofnLondon, so familiar to her. She inhaled deeply the smells of thencity, and avoided the piles of muck which she had grown up sonaccustomed to. The first stop she made was to Will's house. She knocked timidly onnthe door, wondering if he might be home. She knew that he might be atnthe theater, rehearsing a new play, or at the alehouse, but she knewnthat he was often at home, writing. She hoped that this was one ofnthose times. \"Come in,\" came antired, depressed voice from inside. She cringed, at first notnrecognizing it as Will's. But she slowly opened the door, andnpeered inside. The room was tornnapart. Papers were strewn across the floor, and used-up quills werenthrown into corners. Finished candle stubs were discarded on tablentops, and the bed, on which Will lay, was untidy. Will himself wasndisheveled-looking, unshaven and unbathed. His clothes were dirty andnsmelly, and Viola wondered what had happened to the eloquent man shenhad seen last three months ago. \"It's Viola,\"nwas all she could say, trying to draw his attention. Will's eyesnwere closed, as if he was trying to block out the world. \"This is all a joke.nA cruel joke. It's my mind playing tricks on me. Viola is not here.nViola is in America, with her husband. Oh, my God, my drinking hasnfinally caught up with me!\" Will moaned from his bed. Viola almostnlaughed. This was the man whom she had seen once, at the expositionnof a play. She had been stricken by him, but had not known who henwas, then. Perhaps Will had not changed as much as she had feared henmight have. \"Open your eyes, younfool, and look at me,\" she said. Will obeyed, and stared at hernopen-mouthed for a few moments, as if trying to decide if she wasnreal, or simply a figment of his imagination and over-tired mind. \"Is it really you?\"nhe asked quietly, in a hushed, reverent tone. Viola nodded, smilingnto herself. Will stood up and rannto her, scooping her up in his arms and kissing her. She kissed himnback, and it was like old times. Oh, how she had missed him! She wasnso happy to see him, so happy that he had not forgotten her! But thennshe came back to herself, and remembered the unpleasant news she hadnto tell him. \"Will, stop. Stop,nplease,\" she said, her voice strained. \"What, are you stillnmarried? Did your husband bring you back to London only to torturenme?\" Will asked angrily, frowning and looking like a monster. Violanlaughed. \"No, I wasnshipwrecked during a storm, and everyone on the ship save myselfndied. But then I was saved by a merchant who had stopped on thenisland which I had lived on for a few weeks, and I came back here tonLondon. But Will, I have to tell you something\" She lost her voice,nand was unable to tell him. She couldn't. She didn't have thencourage. \"What is it, myncherub? Oh, life is beautiful again! To have you back with me, tonhave you in my arms, and without fear of your imminent marriage!\"nHe smiled at her, but his smile faded when he saw her face. \"Whatnis it?\" \"I have somethingnimportant to tell you, but I'm afraid you'll take it the wrongnway,\" she said, in a desperate attempt to salvage her friendshipnbefore it fell apart. \"I won't, Inpromise. No matter what it is, Viola, I will always love you!\" Willnsaid, taking her hands in his and kissing them. \"Oh, Will, I'mnjust so afraid that you may not be able to keep that promise!\" \"I will, Viola, Inwill,\" he said encouragingly, curiosity burning in him. \"I'm with child,\"nshe said finally, her face turning crimson as she spoke. She hadnnever before said that hateful sentence aloud, and now she loathednhaving to say it. Will could only stare at her for a minute, thennglare hatefully at the floor. \"And whose child isnit, may I ask?\" Viola took a deepnbreath, gathering her strength. \"It's yours.\"[Chapter 6] ChapternSix Will looked up at her,nhis expression inscrutable. Viola breathed in deeply, trying to guessnas to what he was thinking, but it was impossible. She could onlynstand there, waiting, hoping for the best. \"Really? And you'rensure about this?\" he asked finally. She nodded. \"You're the onlynman\" the rest of her sentence dangled in the air, unspoken. Willnseemed to understand. \"And what are youngoing to do?\" \"I'm going homennow. I'll tell my parents that it was the result of my short-livednmarriage. After all, I can't say it's yours. But I'll let younname it, if you like. And you can see it sometimes.\" Viola smiled, andnstared intently into Will's face. It was a mixture of joy,nconfusion, and love. Her heart glowed, for she now realized that hernfriendship might not actually be in jeopardy. \"Yes, I suppose youncan't really say that the child isn't a product of your marriagenand still have a sound reputation. But I appreciate yournopen-mindedness, Viola. Will you still see me? And may I still visitnyou?\" \"Why wouldn't younbe able to? And why wouldn't I? I still love you with my wholenbeing. The very core of myself is dedicated entirely to you. You arenthe only man I have truly loved with my whole heart, and I couldn'tnbring myself to never see you again. Not when I am so very close tonyou, after such an ordeal\" Their lips joined in anquick kiss, but this time it was Will who pulled away. \"What is it?\"nViola asked, a worried look on her face. She did not know what wasnwrong now, after she had thought that everything would be all right. \"How can I kiss you,nhow can I even love you, after I managed to get you with child? I amnnot worthy of you, Viola, and I never will be. I was too in love withnyou before to even notice it, but now I cannot ignore it,\" he toldnher, his voice resigned and depressed. She took a step back,nstaring thunderstruck at him. He didn't love her after all! He hadnforgotten all about her while she was away! She was no longer thenobject of his desires, no longer the thing around which his work wasncentered! Oh, how awful! \"What are yountalking about, Will? I love you, and you love me! That is all thatnmatters! And I am carrying your child, the child which we creatednwhile you were creating your play! Oh, that blessed play! How can younsimply walk away?\" She fell to the floor,ncrying, her face in her hands. Will rushed to her and encircled hernin his strong arms, arms so familiar, so comforting to her. But shenpulled away. \"You don't love menanymore, you truly don't. You're just doing this because I am anfrail woman who needs comforting. Well, I don't. I don't neednyou, Will Shakespeare. You'll never see this child, or me, evernagain! And I will never see one of your plays again, either!\" She stormed out intonthe streets, her tearstained face set in angry determination. Shenwalked quickly down the street to the boat landing, where she hired anboat to take her home. Will sat on the floor,nstill too shocked by what had happened to move. He, but a singlensentence, had destroyed the one thing in his life which he held dear.nThe only thing which he had ever loved, loved with a passion that wasnmore than simply lusting, was now gone from his life, probablynforever. The realization thatnhe was the father of a child was something he was not unused to, butnnow it struck him like a blow, exactly as it had when Anne had toldnhim. But this was a thousand times worse, for now he had lost Viola. He had longed for hernso much those long months when she had been gone, and now that shenhad returned, rather than welcome her into his arms, rejoice over hernpregnancy, he had driven her away, driven her back to the home of hernparents, and back to the oppressive society in which she had beennforced to marry a man she not only didn't love, but loathed. He hadnthrown away happiness with both hands, and now he was as forlorn asnever. He stood up and walkednback to his bed, and sat on it, staring blankly into space. Not evennthe thought that he should probably get to the theater and helpnRichard at the rehearsal could get him to move. It was as if he wasnnailed to the bed, and could not move from it. The only thing hencould do was go over the last few moments, trying to remember exactlynwhy he had driven Viola away. \"Oh, Viola!\" henmoaned sadly, burying his face in his hands and beginning to cry likenan infant. He could not even be glad that no one was there to see himncry. The only feeling he had was one of horrorstruck numbness. The whole eveningnpassed like that, and when darkness fell and he could no longerntolerate the loneliness, he managed to stumble out into the streetsnand into the alehouse, where he spent all of his money, drinkingnhimself into oblivion. At least now he was a little happier, andncould forget about Viola for a time. Oh, Viola![Chapter 7] ChapternSeven Viola's heart wasnheavy as the man slowly steered the boat towards the shore on whichnher home stood, looming ever closer. She wondered if she would evernbe able to call it home again. It was the place where her parents hadnsold her off to the highest bidder, and where she had slept with thatnhorrid playwright. But maybe if her nurse was still there, she couldnfeel more comfortable, like she had at least one true friend. She paid the boatmannwith a coin she had been given by Sir Thomas, and she walked sedatelynup the walk, trying not to rush. She had no great need to enter thatnhouse. Instead of using thenback door, the way she usually did when she was alone, she walkednaround to the front of the house. She took a deep breath, steadyingnherself, preparing for the moment when she would have to explain whatnhad happened to her. Then she knocked, the heavy brass knocker makingna deep, resonating sound within the house. The maid opened. Shenhad always been a dim-witted creature, and it took her a moment tonrecognize her mistress. Then she screamed and ran up the stairs,nyelling so that the whole house might hear, \"Lady Viola is back!nLady Viola is back!\" Viola took a smallnstep into the house, looking around apprehensively. She had thoughtnnever to return here, and now she wished she was still speaking tonWill, so that she might stay by his side. The entire householdnwas soon gathered about her, summoned by the maid. They gazed at hernin wonder, no one daring to speak, afraid it was not her. And she didnnot feel like talking to them, having never felt too kindly for thenpeople who so diligently did her parents' bidding. Soon her nursenarrived, sobbing with joy, dabbing at her cheeks with her apron. Shenrushed up to Viola and hugged her, repeating over and over, \"Inthought you'd never return!\" \"Good Nurse!\"nViola said when they had separated. \"How wonderful to see you! Younlook well.\" The nurse smiled anlittle, though waving a hand to dismiss Viola's comments. \"You know well thatnI am no longer your nurse, dear Lady, for now you are married. Andnwhere, pray tell, is your husband?\" Viola's expressionnhardened, and she said nothing. The whole household leaned forward tonhear, thinking she was about to whisper something to the nurse, butnthe nurse nodded in understanding, knowing that her charge did notnwish to speak of it. \"Viola? Is it you?\" Viola turned her headnto see her mother descending the stairs, smiling cheerfully. She wasnelegantly clad in the finest silks, and Viola knew that she had gonento the market to celebrate her daughter's marriage. And even thoughnshe was her own mother, she could not help despising the woman. \"Yes, Mother, I amnhere,\" Viola said coldly, all emotion finally drained out of her.nShe had experienced too much that day to be able to feel angerntowards this stranger. \"Dearest, I thoughtnyou were in Virginia! What happened?\" Lady de Lesseps asked as shenembraced her daughter. \"We werenshipwrecked. Lord Wessex is dead,\" she said calmly, without lookingnat her mother as she spoke. There was a collectivenintake of breath from the household. Her mother embraced her oncenmore, apparently feeling that her daughter needed consoling after thendeath of a much-hated husband. \"Dearest, howndreadful! To be widowed in less than a month! At least you are alive.nGod is merciful, to have spared your life. But how you must bengrieving! Surely you will want some time to yourself. We have keptnyour room intact, you may go there to rest. I must write to yournfather with this most horrible news. Nurse, take Viola upstairs. Andndo be gentle, for she is a broken soul,\" Lady de Lessepsninstructed. The Nurse obliged,ncarefully leading her charge away from the prying eyes of thenservants. She locked the door when they arrived, and barred thenwindows, as she was sure the Lady would wish. Viola said nothing,nhowever, and sat silently on the edge of her bed, staring straightnahead at nothing. \"Nurse, he does notnlove me.\" The nurse did not needna name to know of whom Viola was speaking. She said nothing, andncontinued her work, waiting for the rest of the story, which was surento come. \"I went by his homenafter I arrived. I had to see him, for I have important news. I amnwith child.\" There was a gasp onnthe Nurse's part, and she smiled, happy that her charge shouldnexperience the joys of motherhood, even though they are thanks tonLord Wessex. \"But the child isnnot my late husband's, dear Nurse, it is that of my lover. And Intold him, and now he despises me. I am alone now, and I must pretendnto grieve for my husband while carrying his child. What a cruel worldnthis is!\" The nurse rushednforward to comfort the child, but she was brushed away. \"Spare the pity,ndear Nurse, for I need it not. I wish to be alone for the moment. Inshall speak to you later, for now I cannot speak of these things.nKnow that I do this not out of spite of you, but out of grief.\" The nurse nodded,nhearing the sorrow and pain in Viola's voice. She understood,nknowing the girl better than even Will Shakespeare. Had it not beennshe who had raised Viola since infancy? Curtsying, she leftnthe room, quietly closing the door behind herself so as not tondisturb Viola. She made sure to leave the key on the nightstand wherenViola was sure to find it, should she feel herself in need ofnprivacy.[Chapter 8] ChapternEight Viola's lifencontinued as it had before. Nearly every day she accompanied hernmother on visits to friends, who falsely grieved with her for thenloss of her husband. And they all pretended to be overjoyed for her,nthat she was to have a child, who would remind her of her lost love.nThat she agreed with, though she was not as happy as they at thennews. Her mother seemed pleased after every visit, and it nevernoccurred to her that her friends might not be entirely truthful. She seemed to be numb,ncaring nothing at all about anything life offered her. She becamenintensely quiet, a trait heretofore denied her, and though her mothernnoticed no change about her, her nurse became worried, and soonnsought to find a cure for her charge's illness. But Viola seemed tonbe immune to all the herbal teas, amusing books, and friendly earsnoffered to her by her nurse, and continued to pass every day in thensame uncaring state as she had returned home in. But one day, as shenand her mother were shopping in London, she happened to see Will. Shenhad been obediently following her mother, a straw basket filled withnpurchases hanging from her arm and her condition badly disguised by anheavy cloak, and she had happened to look up just as Will was exitingna shop. Their eyes met, and she quickly looked away, tears springingnto her eyes. She hastened her steps, and her mother never noticednthat anything was wrong. For the ignorant woman had been creditingnher daughter's random bouts of uncontrollable crying to the loss ofnher husband, and had long ago started to ignore Viola whenever onenhappened upon her. But Will, upon ansudden impulse, followed her, keeping his distance until he was surenViola was unaware of his presence. Then, hurrying, he grabbed hernfrom behind and held her mouth so that she was incapable ofnscreaming, and pulled her into an alley. \"Promise you won'tnscream,\" he whispered in her ear. He felt her gasp, recognizing hisnvoice, and nod slowly. She turned to face him, staring at him innshock as well as in an expression of confusion, as if she didn'tnknow how to react to their meeting. \"Will,\" she saidnat last. He nodded acknowledgement, and her hands quickly flew to hernstomach. \"I thought I'd never see you again.\" \"As did I, Milady,\"nhe said simply, in as respectable a tone as he could muster. They looked at eachnother a moment, and then she held a hand to her head. Will rushednforward to support her. \"I'm fine, I justnfeel a bit faint,\" she explained. \"Here, come sit,\"nhe instructed, and led her to a wood crate abandoned on the side ofnthe alley. Obligingly, she sat, looking up at him. \"How is the child?\"nhe asked finally. She rubbed her stomach, smiling truthfully for thenfirst time in ages. \"It's well,\" shensaid simply, not sure she could go into detail with him. \"And yourself?\" \"I am also well. Inam living with my parents now. My father is the trustee of my wealthnnow. It greatly pleases him to think his daughter so wealthy,\"nViola answered, the last bit slipping out of her mouth before sheneven thought about it. Will smiled. Will knelt down beforenher, and she gasped at the sudden movement. \"Viola, I am innconstant pain since you walked out of my life. The sun has forevernset on my art, on my soul. I am without light, without love. Nothing,nno person, can satisfy me, for I am forever tormented by my action.nPlease, Viola, accept my apology and forgive me, so that I may oncenagain enjoy your love and friendship,\" he said. She looked at him anmoment, her brain in tumult. She had been awaiting this moment fornmonths, not sleeping for dreaming of it, and yet now it caught hernoff-guard. She drew in a steadying breath, her head beginning to feelnlight. \"I forgive you,nWill,\" she breathed. She awoke in a strangenbed, all her clothes save her undergarments removed, and a wet clothnbeing pressed to her forehead by Ned Alleyn. \"I don't know whennshe'll awake, Will, there's no telling with these things,\" Nednwas saying. Viola said nothing,nand watched as Will paced the room and Ned wetted the cloth in a bowlnby his side. \"Oy! She'snawoken!\" he called, and Will rushed forth to her side, grinningnlike a madman. \"Hello, Will,\"nViola said with a small smile. \"Hello,\" he said,ntoo happy to care what he said. Ned smiled, touched bynthis young love. \"Well, if I'm nonlonger needed, I suppose I'll leave,\" he said, standing to leave.nViola and Will paid no mind, busy staring into each other's eyes. \"I thank God nothingnhappened to you,\" Will said as the door closed behind Ned. \"At sea?\" \"Yes, and just now.nI feared for your life, Viola, and for the child's,\" he agreed,nsuddenly become serious. Viola attempted a smile. \"You know I'mnstrong,\" she said cheerfully, though faintly. \"But no one isnstronger than the cruel hand of Death,\" Will whispered. Viola fellnsilent, finding no argument for this. She tried to sit up, but Willnpushed her back down. \"Rest, you are not yet strong enough tonstand,\" he instructed. \"But my mother willnbe wondering where I am,\" Viola said. He put a finger to her lips,nsilencing her. \"I will send Ned tonyour house, to quiet her fears. I am sure she would not object to younspending one night in my house,\" Will said. Viola laughed. \"I am sure she wouldnhave many objections, but I doubt she would wish to have me die,\"nshe explained. Will smiled. \"Rest, whilst Indispatch Ned to your house. I will return in a minute.\" He paused in thendoorway, and turned to look at her. She laughed, and weakly motionednfor him to leave, and he obeyed, glancing at her as the door closednbehind him. ","Summary":" It was dawn. The sunnwas just beginning to rise over the slight hill beside which Violanhad lain do"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Liam Shakespeare","Author":"Lady Viola Delesseps","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9536017","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 She made her way down the busy streets, bustling with market traffic, passersby, and the general squalor that marked London in the fifteenth century. From the manner in which she drew her cloak about her slender form one would guess she were chilled to the bone  either that or on the run from the authorities, for she shrouded her face more deeply in the large hood and brushed back a stray wisp of waving golden hair, securely tucking it behind her ear, and then burying her hand once again beneath the shroud of the cloak. From time to time she lifted her head  a head noble in form and feature, and altogether not fitting with the rough garments she wore or the vagabond-like nature in which she flitted back and fourth across the street outside the playhouse The Rose, trying to look like she was doing anything but loitering and looking for someone. \"Excuse me,\" muttered a man as he pushed roughly past and nearly knocked her off her feet with an enormous basket of reeking scum that had been dragged from the river Thames. One of the workmen following bobbed his head at the beautiful beggar, and the other just stared. She looked vaguely familiar  perhaps that golden hair just made him think of a the girl afflicted with young love in the tragedy he attended a few months ago. That boy that was the lead female role had acted like no other player he had ever seen. The queen herself congratulated him on his performance. It had not been a quickly forgotten day. Deciding at last to bestow upon the young woman a crooked smile, he hurried on my, leaving the hooded figure to take a deep breath, and retreat into a recess formed by a stack of barrels in a nearby alleyway. Wincing as her backside made hurried contact with the hard, cold ground, she pushed herself farther into the shadows, tucking her skirt, coarse though it was, up around her legs, and keeping a sharp lookout for rats. Then she turned her gaze once more upon the entryway to the playhouse, from which an occasional figure would issue, only to return after a brief lapse of time. Excepting one, they were all men she knew. For three hours she waited thus, smiling demurely at those who peered down at her in her hiding place, and hardly taking her eyes off the playhouse for a moment. At last, as the twilight gloom was gathering and all respectable people began to vacate the streets, leaving them in the possession of desperate-looking beggars, idle men of pleasure, and bedraggled women of the night, she stood stiffly, and began to stamp her feet and rub her pale hands together. Then she saw him. The doors to The Rose opened outward and she saw them shift on their hinges and begin to give way before she caught a glimpse of the man himself. But she heard his voice, and her heart jumped, throbbing, into her throat as she began to pick her way across the nearly-empty street to intercept him. \"No, Sam, this is the last time. I don't want to hear another word about it.\" the man was saying, directing a decided finger inside. It bore traces of ink as did the rolled-up cuffs of his loose shirt, along with a barely-recognizable handkerchief that he clutched in his spare hand. \"But sir \" The man hurled the blotter within the doorway, and with a threatening gesture, turned to stalk away, shouting over his shoulder. \"Lock up when you're finished.\" He stopped in his tracks as a poorly-dressed figure stood before him. And then she pushed back her hood. He gave a violent start and took in his breath. \"Viola!\" he breathed, and then looked hurriedly about them. Grabbing her by the wrist, he dragged her into the shadows of the playhouse, out of sight of the curious and troublesome, and locked his arms around her with desperate strength. \"Oh, Will...\" she whispered, her face pressed against his shoulder, his embrace warm against the damp cool of the gathering dusk. At last he pulled back, speaking in breathless starts, his eyes searching hers. \"I heard you were dead... the wreck  \" \"It was horrible.\" Pain was painted in her clear blue eyes as she was brought back to that fateful night. She closed them and said, \"It was just like your dream  but I was saved.\" He pressed her to him again, murmuring, his lips against her hair, \"God be praised. You have come back to me from beyond the grave.\" Viola relaxed for a blissful moment in his arms, and then put her hands on his shoulders, pushing herself away and looking into his face. \"I am putting you in danger here.\" \"Nonsense,\" he whispered, drawing his face near hers. She turned away, her brow furrowed in conflicting emotions. \"You know that I am. I am thought to be dead.\" \"Then all the more reason that there should be no harm in us being seen together.\" \"Lady Wessex back from the colonies? No, Will.\" Viola looked at the ground, and at last managed, \"Lord Wessex was also saved. I have seen him.\" \"And has he seen you?\" Will demanded, soaking in her words like the thirsty desert sand imbibes drops of rain. She shook her head. \"It must stay that way. I am dead.\" \"Thomas Kent is dead  Lady Wessex is dead... you must become someone new now they are both never again to come to me.\" \"What about Viola DeLesseps?\" she said. \"As far as I know, she yet lives.\" Chuckling, Will took her hand. \"Come, then. Where are you staying?\" \"I have not arrangements as yet. I spent last night at Blackfriars  a charity case.\" She grimaced. \"Besides, I only arrived back on English soil yesterday. I am forever grateful to my rescuers. I paid their silence.\" \"Then you have means?\" \"Not anymore.\" \"You must come with me, then.\" He seized her hands, and looked ardently into her eyes. \"It will be like old times.\" But Viola shook her head and said in a low voice, \"It can never be like old times, Will. I am still married while Wessex lives.\" \"You would betray him before your marriage, but not now? Most women come to their marriage bed pure, but before long have lovers \" He stopped short, seeing something strange written on her face. \"You must forget me. This is the time that Juliet lies like dead in the tomb. You must behave as if I am no more. But you mustn't behave as Romeo did  and do anything desperate. We may yet meet again. But for now, I am seeming dead.\" \"No,\" he shook his head. \"I will not let you go again.\" \"You must. I will be putting you under undue suspicion.\" A single tear traced a path down her cheek, and he wiped it away with an ink-stained finger, saying, \"Suspicion? Of what?\" She shook her head and looked at the ground \"Goodbye, Will.\" \"I will never love another as I love you,\" he declared, wrapping his arms about her waist and pulling her into his arms once more. She allowed herself to be pressed into him  he could feel every familiar curve of her body where it met his, and suddenly felt the unfamiliar rounded firmness of her warm center against him... He pulled away, a question in his eyes, and tried to place a hand against her, but with a small gasping sob, Viola whirled away, and was gone, running across the street, weeping as she was lost in the shadows of the vilest part of London. Will opened his mouth to call out, and started after her, but just then the doors behind them opened, and Sam came out. \"Sir?\" He said, confusion written on his face at finding Will still there. Will remained like a statue, staring fixedly down the alleyway, a strange disturbed expression written on his face. \"What is it?\" Sam inquired. At last, Will turned, and passing a hand over his face, managed a brief smile. \"I'm sorry for shouting at you, Sam. Let''s go.\" The two figures retreated into the darkness of the London night, but Will did not talk as they walked together. Viola... she was dead, yet alive. And he must play Romeo yet again and wait for her to rise from the tomb in light and life and come to him. He only hoped that it was not a vain hope. She had not said she still loved him. He reproached himself the instant he allowed himself to think such a thought. Of course she still loved him. At least there was hope that perhaps their paths may yet cross again on this side of the Thames. On this side of the grave , his melancholy mind echoed back.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 This chapter is a bit longer than the first, and I hope to have a more equal product on future chapters. A disclaimer  while I like the story and the characters of Shakespeare in Love, and have tried to write an intriguing sequel with realistic consequences, I do not approve of or endorse Viola and Will's behavior (in the film) as moral, proper, or wise. I have tried to write Viola's feelings on the subject, not necessarily mine. That being said, I hope you can enjoy the story for what it's worth, and let me know how you liked it! Alsatia. It was the name of the place where lawlessness reigned in London. In the shadow of Blackfriars Monestary, it was considered a place of refuge, and had gradually evolved into anything but that. Those who grew up there counted themselves fortunate if they escaped into the better parts of London town, and those who found themselves there on business or, as was Viola's case, lack of means, were considered to be very down on their luck indeed to set foot into Alsatia. Viola did not stop running until she was deep in the heart of the sector, her mind racing, thinking of how once before she had outrun Will when she had a secret she didn't wish to be known. Finally she stopped at a hairpin bend in the street that formed a ramshackle corner crowded with tipsy buildings and woebegone dwellings. She leaned her forehead against the mouldering wall before her, and suddenly felt sick at the stench of the place. Straightening, her breath coming in ragged gasps, Viola shut her eyes and stood still, waiting for her heart rate to slow, and reliving once again the night of the shipwreck... She had been awakened roughly by a pounding on her cabin door, and sat up, narrowly missing the edge of the bunk above her in which her newly-wed husband slumbered. Relief flooded her when she saw the sleeping arrangements that they were forced to accommodate while en route to the colonies, though her husband grumbled and assured her, \"It will not be long, lady. Soon we will have our own luxurious bed in Virginia, and all the joys one could want.\" It was not a comforting thought. Seasickness had plagued both of them for the first two weeks, but then the weather had grown fine, and Viola found consolation in pacing the decks in the fresh air and wind, much to her husband's annoyance, and to the sailor's amusement. She did not speak to them, but would smile periodically whenever they would catch her watching their work, and the one would mutter to the other, \"Now there's a piece of finery worth dressin' up for.\" When they looked again, she would be gone. The pounding on the door continued, and Viola tried to rise to answer the summons, but was thrown back within her bunk by the violent pitching of the ship. \"My lord \" she began, but a sudden wave of dizziness and nausea came over her, and she stopped short, putting a hand to her throat, and attempting once more  \"My lord  !\" Just as she managed to get to her feet and begin to make her way across the rolling and shuddering floor, he was awakened, and leapt down from above, nearly landing on her in his haste, his nighshirt aflutter and his hair standing on end as he crashed across the cabin to the door and flung it open. \"What in the name of \" \"My lord Wessex, sir, captain's orders, you are to remain below until further orders.\" \"Why wake us to tell us that?\" he demanded, irritably fingering his mustache and scowling at the ship's hand who was drenched with rain and shaking from his very bones. \"Captain's orders, sir,\" he stammered, and began to beat his retreat, stumbling up the companionway as the sea lashed the ship to and fro in her wild grip. \"My lord,\" Viola began. \"What is happening?\" \"Nothing,\" he said, and reached toward her as if to comfort her, but just then there was an enormous crash and they both fell against the far wall of the cabin. Shouts were heard on deck, and Viola pushed herself away from the wall, making her mazy way out the door and beneath the hatch which was now opened. Rain poured down into the hold from the deck's surface, and the rain was descending in sheets. Gritting her teeth and ducking her head against the torrential downpour, Viola grasped the ladder and made her way up to the deck where a scene of havoc awaited her. Men ran to and fro, orders were being bellowed from the stern where the captain and several of the other sailors tried to make fast the loose cargo that was tumbling around on the deck. One of the masts had snapped like a twig and fallen in a tangle of lines across the deck, and Viola tripped and went sprawling just as a huge wave rose before the ship and crashed broadside across the deck. For a moment she was underwater, and then the vessel shook herself free, and rose again, water pouring from the scuppers, and leaving Viola in a sodden heap, coughing and gasping for breath. She struggled to her feet again, and staggered forward, the deck falling from beneath her as she tried to make forward progress, only to rise again and slam into the bottoms of her feet, nearly throwing her backwards. At last she reached a man bent over the side, miserably retching. She took a handful of his shirt in her hand and pulled; he turned, and regarded her with shock. \"You are supposed to remain below, miss!\" he exclaimed, water pouring from his face, the wind flapping his hair like a flag in a gale. Viola opened her mouth to protest, but there was a sudden cry; \"Look out!\" Another spar came down, crashing through the railing beside them. Viola screamed and jumped back, but the beam fell squarely across the young sailor pinning him to the rain-washed deck. Before she could ascertain if he were alive or dead, the howling wind whipped through Viola's clothing and nearly knocked her off her feet; a giant wall of water rose before her eyes, and as she opened her mouth to scream yet again, suddenly found it full of seawater as it crashed over the foundering ship and carried her over the edge and into the ocean's foaming rage. She was within the sea's grip for what seemed like hours on end, but what was in all likelihood mere minutes. The waves crashed above her, slapping billions of bubbles beneath the surface to swirl around her an obscure her vision. For a moment she was too shocked by the cold to even move, but then she began to fight the water as she struggled her way to the tempest-tossed surface. At last her head broke the water and she took a deep gasping breath, choking as a wave slapped into her face and down her throat. Coughing and sputtering, Viola struggled back to the surface and for a fleeting moment the thought flashed through her head: This is the end. But her mind rebelled against the very idea, and so she began to fight again, fight the wind and waves, and her heavy clothing dragging her beneath the sea, knowing she could never win, but not being able to bear the idea of giving up so soon... Hours later, their rescue had come. Her memories were a blur... but she had been seized by the ruff of her dress like an aberrant puppy and hauled aboard a ship's boat, and from there, rowed to the vessel that proved their salvation. It was the Providential  a fitting name, Viola thought. For not only had her life been saved, but she was told that she was the only survivor fished from the wreckage. No others were found. Lord Wessex... She was free. Viola took a deep breath and straightened, looking about her at the scummy streets and bedraggled children that ran to and fro in them. She had not come this far to give up now. Having seen Will had given her the strenght of resolve that she needed to press forward. His love was steadfast. She knew that their cause was a lost one  like Romeo and Juliet, but she was no coward. Mustering up her courage, Viola held her head high, sallied across the street, dodging a rotten cart an unshaven man shoved into her path, followed by a slurred, \"\"Watch 'er,\" and knocked upon the door before her. It was a long while in opening, and Viola took a deep breath and raised her hand, preparing to knock harder this time, praying the flimsy door would not fall in and she would be to blame, when it rattled on it's rickety hinges, and creaked open, revealing a buxom woman in a dirty apron squinting at her from the grime. \"Help 'ye?\" she said, looking doubtfully out of her small deep-set eyes at the stranger. \"Well, I certainly hope so,\" Viola began, and then, remembering to roughen her voice, and doing so with the skill of a born player. \"\"Ere's to 'opin' ye can.\" The deep line between the woman's brows deepened further as she placed her hands on her hips and glared at the stranger. \"Now, see 'ere, young skirt. Do I 'pear to be the sort that takes in \" \"I see you're a \" Viola fumbled, glancing upwards at the swinging sign above her, \"-laundry woman. You take in washin'?\" \"Take washin'. I don't take strangers.\" \"I take it that you don't.\" Viola bit her tongue and resisted further witticisms as she haggled her desperate bargain. \"It seems to be more'n you can 'andle on your own,\" she said, peering inside, and hoping the heaps she imagined were dirty laundry were actually that, and not something else of which she would rather not know. \"I come to offer me services. I han't done it much before, but I learn quick.\" \"Do ye?\" The woman looked incredulous. \"How much ye askin'?\" \"Board and whatever food you can spare. 'T'sall. I make do.\" \"You'll 'ave to,\" the woman said, and beckoned Viola inside. \"What do they call ye?\" After a quick moment, Viola blurted out, \"Julia.\" It would be easy to answer to, since it was so similar to Juliet, a part that she felt was nearly one and the same with her own now. \"Julia what?\" The woman grunted as she heaved a basket of wet washing to her sturdy hip and strode out the back door of the establishment into a tiny filthy courtyard criss-crossed with drying lines. Viola picked her way around the sodden piles of stinking clothes that had yet to be dunked in the tea-colored water that stood in barrels by the door, and replied \"Just Julia.\" \"Alright, then, Just Julia. Ther'ell be no secrets from me, 'hear? Whatever ye've done, it can't be so bad that we'll send ye away. Alsatia's full of the like. Why else'd we be here. Lend a hand, girl!\" she snapped, and Viola jumped to her aid in hoisting a dripping set of sheets across the line. \"Where are the pins?\" Viola said, looking about her, recalling the days when Maria would hang out the fresh linens and towels to dry in the fitful breezes of their garden. The woman gave her a funny look. \"No pins. They get stole too easy, and cost too much. Ef it falls down, shake it, and pit it back up. Still cleaner'n when it came to me.\" She laughed a raucous laugh, and linked her arm through Viola's, who gave a start, but allowed herself to be ushered inside. \"Call me Martha. 'Just Martha',\" she mimicked. Viola smiled. \"I'll tell ye I live in Alsatia because me first husband didn't do right by me, so I got 'im real drunk and then took 'im out with a barrel stave. Didn't mean to actually kill 'im, 'ee just didn't get up again.\" Viola stared. \"Wh-what about the second?\" \"He left me years ago when I tried to do the same by 'im. But that was only 'cause he was rottener than the first. You see,\" she grinned. \"Can't be worth keepin' from me.\" Viola gulped. But Martha pressed on. \"So what'd you do?\" \"I fell in love,\" Viola whispered. Martha stared. \"That's it?\" And she burst into a peal of laughter even more boisterous than the first  she seemed to find this genuinely funny. Viola took a deep breath, and, remembering her accent, finished, \"I'm in a bad way, 'cause 'ee's married, and I can't tell 'im.\" Martha wiped her eyes. \"Tell 'im what?\" \"That I'm pregnant.\" Martha shook her head. \"Ain't the first.\" Viola felt resentment rising in her chest at the common view Martha took of the case. Not for a moment did she regret Will, did she regret their relationship, those beautiful nights in each other's arms, living their dreams, rehearsing their parts, speaking in poetry, and hiding, constantly hiding everything, first that she was a girl, then that they were lovers... Not for a moment did she regret their relationship, and anything and everything it entailed, including these consequences. She hated to think of this as a consequence. From the time that she knew, she resisted the urge to feel like every other woman who was irresponsible and paid the price. Their relationship had been a beautiful thing, and thanks to this, it would continue to be. That was how she wished to think of it: a continuation of her relationship with Will, even if he never knew. He could not know. A family and the ensuing responsibilities had tethered him to work he hated in Stratford-upon-Avon, and in the end he professed hatred for them and broke free to go away and write. That was the last thing Viola wished to be to him  an expense, a responsibility, a cage, a muzzle to his gift. And so he must never know. She would work, and live, and never stop loving Will, or his child. Martha watched the young woman's face for a long moment from the shadows as she sorted her thoughts into words. She spoke slowly. \"I'm grateful to ye for lettin' me on 'ere, but I'd like to not be known. There's those who'd wish to do me  us  'arm if they knew of us.\" Martha's eyebrows lifted. \"A fugitive, then.\" Viola nodded. \"And most grateful to ye for your silence.\" Martha squinted wisely. \"That's one thing Alsatia knows how to do well. We don't let our secrets see the light side of London, that's for sure.\" That night, Viola curled up on the rough mattress that Martha threw down upon the hard-packed floor for the both of them, trying to stay as far away from Martha's broad back as she could without falling off into the dirt. The night was cold, and she began to shiver, at first just small tremors that skittered down her slim frame, but soon great wracking quakes that made her head and body ache and threatened to wake up her bed mate. She grasped the edge of the gritty quilt and tugged it closer up around her shoulders, and curled into a tighter ball, twining her shaking fingers together at her warm center. Martha stirred and moved ever so slightly, mumbling, \"Keep together, and keep warm,\" \"Aye,\" Viola managed, and gingerly leaned into Martha's warm back. \"That's right, girl.\" Gradually, Viola's shaking subsided, and as Martha's gentle snores filled the hovel Viola forced her eyes to close, and tried to recall everything she had ever heard about laundry.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 It was the sort of morning that gilds the tree tops, pinks the skies, and touches all else with a sort of hazy splendor as the sun ascends to it's place, lingers there for too short at time, and descends again in tinges of auburn, ochre and puce. It's ubiquitous rays poked their slender fingers through the fine lace curtains and glanced off the polished wooden floor of the Hensleigh Manor, situated on the outskirts of London proper, and chased each other silently up the wide staircase, slipping in underneath the door of the chamber at the end of the hall, and playing skillfully across the face of a still-slumbering young man. Brushing at them as if they were pesky flies, he sat up, and looked about him. He had fallen asleep at his desk... again. Papers were strewn about the well-furnished room, and ink spotted the edge of his lightly starched cuff. He flicked at it with his fingers to no avail, and finally set after it with his moist tongue, grimacing at the taste, and working it back and forth in his mouth to try and remove the stain before his mother caught sight of it. His mother! He suddenly remembered and launched to his feet, overturning the chair behind him, and beginning to hastily gather together his final copy  a four page sonnet. He finally located it among the debris of manuscripts, quills, and penknives, and hurriedly setting his chair to rights and taking a inventory of his appearance before the mirror, pushed his thick brown hair back out of his face, and burst forth from his room. \"Mother!\" he called, descending the stairs, and arriving in the atrium in a whirl. \"Mother! I'm awake!\" \"And so am I now, thanks to you.\" At her voice, the young man turned, and saw his mother enter the room. She was tall and slender, and had long golden hair that was still down about her shoulders in their quiet morning together. It was the two alone in the huge Hensleigh Manor, and except for a single butler, there were no servants whatsoever for what was professed to be the last of the long line of nearly-extinct Hensleighs. \"Did I really wake you up,\" the boy enquired, hurriedly embracing her, and then answering himself. \"I didn't think so. I went to sleep at my desk again! I don't know if anyone else in the world does the strange things that I do.\" His mother merely smiled, as a queer look passed across her face. Her son continued to describe his work in glowing animation, and at last finished, \"I wrote a sonnet.\" Lady Hensleigh's face grew still. \"A sonnet?' \"Yes, what else do you think I was doing at my desk all week?\" \"You've begun to write...\" Her voice was strange. \"Yes  I suddenly can't bear to think of doing anything else. I never realized before how much I like it  how much I need it. Words are crashing around in my head all the time, and then they will just bump together, and before I know it, I simply must have paper to write it down, or I think I won't be able to contain it any longer. Either that or I have feelings that are just much better on paper. I think on paper. I wish I could live on paper...\" \"Any particular inspiration that made you suddenly turn... poet?\" Lady Hensleigh asked her son. \"Mother!\" His face looked offended, but Lady Hensleigh could see in his light brown eyes that she had hit the mark. \"Liam, it's not that I don't like this, it's just that I think \" \"Oh, Mother, if you could see her, you would know why I feel this way! Or maybe you wouldn't. Let me read this to you; don't you want to hear it? I want to know if you think it's good enough to give to her.\" Her . Lady Hensleigh knew this day would come, but it had been so long in coming that she had deluded herself into thinking that perhaps she and Liam would live happily their whole lives together, just the two of them, without any hers or shes invading their close-knit relationship. \"Who is she ?\" she asked. Liam sighed, and ran his hand over his face. \"Shall I tell you later? I want you to hear this. Sit -\" he ushered her into a seat against the wall, and pulled up a chair opposite. Suddenly, he grew nervous. \"I  I've never written a poem  a sonnet... anything before,\" Liam said, twisting his fingers together, and looking at his lap. \"Will you tell me, honestly, if it is any good?\" \"Of course it will be good,\" Lady Hensleigh said to her son. \"But you're my mother, you think everything I do is good.\" \"I also am a great admirer of poetry.\" He looked up quickly. \"You are? Why did you never tell me? You have always seemed to avoid it.\" \"To make you avoid it, more truthfully,\" his mother admitted. \"It's not writing or poetry that's bad, I just don't want you reading plays and going to play-houses.\" Liam sighed. \"If you ever change your mind, let me know. I've never wanted anything so much as to see a play. Just once... \" His mother was shaking her head vehemently. \"I have never ever been \" \"Then you have been listening to your mother, like a wise son. Why don't you begin your poem.\" Liam nodded, and then there was a long pause as he perused his pages covered in tiny lacy writing  familiar writing, Lady Hensleigh noted with a shock  and at last began to speak. He stammered his way through the first few lines, but as he turned onto the second page, and then the third, the unmistakeable passion that resided in the pages filled him and proceeded from his mouth like fire, water and thunder, only to give way to words as light as dew-drops and breath that smelt of flowers, animating his whole figure, and glorifying him in the way an audience sees a player glorified as they give the final triumphant speech three pages from the end of the play. Lady Hensleigh was transfixed. If she did not know her son and trust him so implicitly, she wouldn't have been able to believe he had written this himself, so like the early efforts of other famous playwrights did this sound. The use of words, even the invention of new words, or combinations of words like loving-jealous and tender-cold were so familiar to her that she had a difficult time composing herself, good player though she was, to look upon her son's face as he finished the sonnet and looked up. \"Well... is it any good?\" His mother's face should have been answer enough, but it was enigmatic, holding a look he had never seen before. She took in her breath and at last said in a shaking voice, \"It is very good.\" It was a simple sentence, but the way she said it made it worth the world to Liam. He threw his arms about her and exclaimed, \"Do you really think so? I am very happy with it!\" Lady Hensleigh laughed a nervous laugh, and extricated herself from her son's embrace. She put a hand on the side of his face, and his brown eyes met hers, making her heart beat quicker, as they had on so many occasions before. \"Now tell me about she for whom it was written.\" A far-off look came into his eyes, and he took her hand into his lap, toying with it as he spoke. \"She is to me like the sun is to the flowers, like the wind to the trees, like the water is to a thirty soul long a-search for a treasure he knows not of...\" \"Her name?\" \"Daphne. Isn't that the most beautiful name you've ever heard? It sings to me of Greek lovers, enchanted gardens, and burning sunshine, of cool grasses, and desperate measures.\" Then he broke into a laugh. \"You see? I have turned poet on you!\" \"And it is wonderful to behold. But you haven't told me any real details  how you met, where she lives, what sort of girl is she \" \"The best sort!\" Liam exclaimed. \"Mother, if I didn't know better, I would think she were the very best of her kind in all of England.\" \"And what makes you know better?\" Lady Hensleigh quirked her mouth sideways and Liam followed suit. \"Knowing you.\" \"Flatterer.\" \"It's true.\" \"You're a poet, you said so yourself. If to be a player is to be a liar, then to be a poet is to be a flatterer.\" Liam looked intrigued. \"That was beautifully put. You never told me how you came to know so much about such things. I don't know many women who \" \"Exactly, you don't know many women.\" Liam rolled his eyes. \"Daphne is a lady-in-waiting to Her Majesty when she stays at Whitehall. She is young and beautiful, and as pure and fresh as a flower freshly sprouting, not yet fully unfolding it's blossoms, and I think she really might like me too.\" \"Might?\" \"This sonnet should hopefully help.\" His eyes were bright, and Lady Hensleigh stood, pulling her son to his feet, and kissing him on the cheek. \"Go then. As I am a woman, believe me when I say no young heart could resist such a sonnet as that.\" Beaming his thanks, Liam ran from the room, and momentarily Lady Hensleigh could hear the door to the street slam behind him, and the merry singing that followed him down the road toward Whitehall. Knowing it would do no use to ask him why and how he managed to find himself there, Lady Hensleigh looked about her at her grand, quiet house, and marveled at the strange turns life takes.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Far away from the bustling city of London with it's hurried ways, it's raucous cries, and it's varied individuals, sprawled the tiny market town of Stratford-upon-Avon, whose inhabitants never rushed, were peacefully quiet, and predisposed to the same patterns of life year after year. It perhaps was this same sluggish quietude and monotony that had irked a young Will Shakespeare into making a break for it and ending up in London, a meager penny-a-line rogue poet a decade ago, leaving behind nothing but a forsaken name Skagsbeard , a shadow of the living he once had working in leather  and a family... Anne Hathaway leaned closer to her work, and peered at the even rows of thread gradually closing the gash in the sturdy pair of trousers she held upon her lap. The setting sun reached it's rays in through the single open window of the house and glinted upon her dark glossy hair, bundled out of her way in a thick loose braid down her back, and cast her features into a shadow. In a shadow. That is how Anne had lived most of her early life... and likely the way she would die. But once, years ago, the light had shone full upon her face, illumining it, and pouring forth upon it's beauty, inspiring and quickening the heart of a certain young man. Young Will had been the sort of fellow the villagers in Stratford either told their children to stay away from, or he was completely ignored, by turns. On the days when he would saunter forth from his father's glove shop and march down the street, an unreadable expression on his face, his thick hair mussed and his jaw set, mothers would snatch their children out of harm's way, and old folks would turn to each other and mutter, \"There goes that Will, up to no good, for sure. See that face? No one will ever understand that fellow, 'specially not 'is father.\" \"Now, Gerald, do you hear me? Stay out of the young master's way. I don't want you loiterin' about the likes of 'im,\" mothers would scold, and Will's back would disappear around the corner of the shop in the square. Either that, or first thing on a Sunday morning, the odd recesses of the town, overturned milk pails, shady patches of wildflowers in the meadow, or perched upon a rough rail fence the dreamer would sit, in silence or in song, but always with a pensive beauty about him, and a sheaf of rough scraps of paper clenched in his hand. Passersby would shake their heads. \"He's no earthly good, sittin' there like that, saying flatterous poppycock, or scribbling on those infernal papers,\" they would say. \"If we ignore 'im, maybe 'e'll come off it someday.\" And so Will lived his life, and Anne lived hers, alternately avoiding or ignoring the young aspiring poet, tacitly agreeing with the town of Stratford that he was either a troublemaker looking for a way out of work, or a senile fool thinking he could be a writer. Until one day. It was early in the spring, and to Anne, spring meant an awful amount of work for those milking Hathaway cows. She was on her way back through the wide meadow, a pail in each round strong arm, and did not notice the figure sprawled in the tall grasses until she nearly stepped on him. \"Oh!\" she cried out, nearly upsetting one of her pails as he leapt to his feet. \"I'm sorry!\" he exclaimed. \"I was lying in your meadow \" \"I noticed,\" Anne said, setting both pails down in the grass and putting a hand up to stop her racing heart. \"I suppose I should have asked. Is it alright if \" \"There's no sense goin' on polite about it,\" Anne said, taking a deep breath, and stooping to resume her burden. \"Stay where you are if you want to get trampled.\" Will looked as if he was going to scowl at that, but suddenly a light breeze skipped through the field, rumpling Anne's plain skirt against her legs, and sending wisps of dark waving hair teasing about her face. He stood transfixed, a small smile upon his lips. Anne stared at him. \"What's wrong?\" \"N-nothing,\" Will stammered, collecting himself, and reaching into his shirt, producing the everlasting... papers. Pulling a small stick of charcoal from behind his ear where until then it had remained hidden in his unruly hair, he knelt on one knee, Anne watching him all the while, and, placing the papers on the other, proceeded to scrawl a few lines. \"Perhaps in the old age black was not counted as fair, but to me, your eyes shine as ravens, and  read here...\" he said rapturously, thrusting the pages at her. \"You looked the very picture of  what?\" Anne was gazing blankly at him. \"I cannot read.\" Will took a slow breath, and then said, \"Of course. But what a pity. You have no idea how beautiful that was.\" \"What was?\" \"The wind, just now, playing through your hair, and making you appear like some dark-headed angel from on high, descended to earth just to plague me...\" Anne was a smart girl. She knew that dreamers starved in this way of life. And he was much younger than she was; she had always assumed that she would never marry, but work for her father until she could work no more. All her life Anne had been praised for her strenghth and skill, and hard work. But never for her beauty... She permitted the lad a smile. \"You are a flatterer, and you know it. But it is beautiful.\" Will's face was positively glorified. \"If you could only know the beauty of a well-turned word \" \"But I cannot. I cannot read. It would do me no good.\" \"Oh, there, you are wrong. It would do you a world of good, a heart of good.\" He drew closer, and his lips spoke close to her ear. \"I could teach you to read.\" Anne considered. \"I don't know if my father will let me.\" \"I will come back  tonight. Meet me beneath your window, and I will show you a place  I'm writing a sonnet for you to practice,\" and with that he vanished, leaping like a deer away across the meadow, his pages clutched tightly in his hand. And he did return. That night, and every night after that, until Anne gradually let down her guard, let down her preconceptions about writers, and her preconceptions about love. She fell in love with Will Shakespeare. Nights in the barn, and nights upon the meadows turned into bliss the down-to-earth Anne never knew she longed for until she was experiencing the fullness of the young dreamer's passionate love. And with her father's sudden death, she found in Will something to cling to, something she thought would never change. Then it happened. She told Will, and he told her to keep it a secret. He would get permission to marry her as soon as possible. After that night, everything changed. Something snapped within Will, but he would not give it voice, and Anne was not keen enough to pick up on it. When she was three months gone with child they were married in the Stratford church, and began their life together in the cottage Anne inherited. The babe was born healthy and active, and took all of Anne's time and thought to tend to. Will would write. When the twins were born, the house became even noisier, and even more work to keep up. Anne was a hard worker, but Will had never accustomed himself to responsibilities. And it was too distracting with all the children inside to try and write. He was outside much of the time. Their meager life became meagerer with more mouths to feed, until one night, after a tempestuous discussion, Will agreed to go. Just to see how things fared, to try his luck in London, and send them whatever he earned. Anne's reading lessons had not come to naught. An occasional letter, and money soon became all that she had of Will Shakespeare. And it did not matter so much to her, for the Will Shakespeare that she had fallen in love with had not come to her for a long while.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 The previous day, Liam had been passing by his favorite spot along the river Thames, just outside the grounds of the palace at Whitehall, and looking in. He was interested by seeing a great crowd of people upon the garden turf, engaged in playing various lawn games, and standing about and generally looking picturesque. He often came here to amuse and delight his sense of the romantic by watching the well-dressed beautiful men and women pose and preen, foign and flirt. Almost without knowing what he did, he skirted the park, and found himself before the gates of Whitehall, looking inward, and being analyzed by a single guardsman, and several young courtiers who were supposed to be admiring a creeping fern upon the walk, but were finding every opportunity of dropping handkerchiefs, asking stupid questions, and feeling faint to get the attention of the mustached guardsman. Liam must have tread upon a twig at that moment, for of one accord, they looked up to see a handsome, simple, decently-dressed young man gazing at them, almost unconscious of his behavior or his whereabouts. They tittered, and began to hover about him, peppering him with questions and compliments, and making him feel altogether heady and his blood rush to places he wished it didn't. Not one member of the group distinguished herself in his mind, they were all fairies of the outdoors, all beauty, mischief, and enchantment, and not individual souls. But presently his eyes were arrested by a figure approaching, clad in a fine white frock that perfectly fit her slight frame and trailed along the leaf-strewn grass behind her. Her hair was long and waving, like his mothers, but the richest of browns, and strands of pearls were twined about her head, catching the sun's glow as she walked. Her face was young and flawless, but unmistakeably grave, and as she approached the group, she called out, \"Her majesty summons us as at once.\" With giggles and a flurry of silks, the multicolored fairies flitted away over the grounds, Liam in their midst, being teased about what a scandal it was for him to be here, and so on, but his eyes were fixed upon the white-clad young girl, and when she glanced back over her shoulder and her deep blue eyes met his, his heart nearly leapt from his chest. Before he fully realized what was happening, Liam found himself on the other side of the grounds, among a beauteous and intelligent-seeming crowd of people settling themselves on wooden benches around a central dais. He caught sight of the queen upon her splendid seat, and hurriedly scuttling to a vacant spot on the benches arranged on the green, Liam seated himself and directed his attention forward, where some sort of pageantry was beginning to be enacted upon the dais. He looked about him to catch a glance as to where the young girl had gone, and did not catch sight of her again, but was presently caught up in the drama of a play being performed for Her Majesty's especial enjoyment, an old one she had requested performed again. It was the tale of a young woman shipwrecked upon a far coast, and forced to unprecedented measures to gain safety and employment, and gaining instead jealously, love, and a bevy of other troubles. It was a play filled with beautiful speeches which lifted the soul and set the heart aflutter with emotion, comedy, which set the audience into fits of laughter and shouted jibes, and best of all, love, which pulsed, and throbbed and ran all the wrong directions before finally getting set to rights at the denouement. Liam was entranced. It was the first play he had ever seen, quite on accident, and he was filled with joy, sorrow, longing, and ideas all at once. The court of the queen rose and began to mill about the garden as soon as the players made their bows and exited and the liveried servants began to disassemble the stage; Liam was caught in the swirl of silks, brocades, and taffeta, but did not mind at all, his mind every bit awhirl with what he had seen and heard. And in the midst of all this mental and emotional enlightenment, he caught sight of the object of his affections, walking near the end of Her Majesty's retinue as she returned inside. Pushing and wriggling his way through the crowd, Liam slipped inside the palace just behind them, and waiting, breathless behind a pillar until their footsteps faded. \"Oh, what a fool I am,\" he mouthed to himself, and then hurried through the grand palace at Whitehall on the trail of the Queen's handmaidens. They passed through several sweeping corridors and a grand hall with a soaring ceiling before disappearing through a wide set of double doors. Liam caught sight of a few of the servants  the white-clad girl included- entering through a smaller door near the end of the corridor, into what he supposed was a dressing room or a closet of some kind. Leaning against a smooth pillar, and allowing his legs to slip from underneath him, Liam held his breath and prayed for the right moment to accost the door. It came but a moment after he realized his speech of love that raced already within his fevered brain would be worth naught had he no breath to utter it; the door opened, and  gracious Heaven!  who should slip out, bearing in her arms a stack of folded linens, but she! Liam stood to his feet, and stepped into view, clearing his throat softly. The girl, hearing the sound and suddenly looking up to see him gave a gasp and dropped the starched linens stacked upon her arms. \"Who are you, and what do you want?\" she breathed, blushing, and then kneeling to gather up her avalanched responsibilities. \"Oh  I'm so sorry, did I frighten you?\" murmured Liam, dropping to the floor as well and hurriedly beginning to hand her the rose-scented sheets, the smell going to his head, and making his speech rush on. \"I did not mean to frighten you, it's just, I saw you in the gardens, and  well... I had to speak to you, and so I \" \"You will be severely punished if they find you here,\" she said, giving his face a quick glance, hardly daring to look before. He was a handsome lad, and she was worried that her emotions would get the better of her and she would disgrace herself upon first meeting just by looking into his brown eyes full of admiration and longing. \"Let them,\" he said, smiling. \"It would be worth it. I am awfully sorry to have made you drop these... these...\" \"They are Her Majesty's,\" the girl said, pressing her lips together. \"They will have to be washed again.\" Liam's face grew a shade paler. \"That is my fault.\" \"You shouldn't be here. What do you want?\" It came out harsher than she intended. \"I- I would like to see you again.\" The girl blushed, and looked at the ground. \"I have responsibilities here. Ladies-in-waiting are not permitted male admirers  \" \"But they have them, nonetheless,\" Liam hazarded. She looked up quickly. Just then a voice was heard calling from within the door behind them, \"Daphne! Daphne!\" \"I must go,\" she said, turning away, and starting when, with a swift move, he caught her hand and pressed it to his lips as he had seen a player do mere minutes earlier. \"Daphne,\" he whispered. She reclaimed her hand, murmuring that if he wasn't careful he would make her drop the linens again. And then she was gone, leaving Liam to catch his breath, breathe the lingering scent of rose water, and think quickly of how to get back home in one piece.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Liam was in ecstasy. He rushed blindly thorough the streets of London, having successfully escaped the labyrinth of Whitehall's corridors and passages back into the gardens, and when he arrived home, went straight up to his room, ignoring the setting sun, and scribbling by candlelight long into the night... And now it was finished  his mother approved, and now he began to feel faint wondering if Daphne would approve. His courage failing him, Liam suddenly had a better idea. He quickly penned a note to Daphne: \"To the one whose beauty holds my heart in thrall and whose face is ever before my eye ~ I am such a fool that since I have met you I have been able to do little but dream on our next meeting. Think me not presumptuous, but I have written for you a token of my regard. However, though my pen proclaims me a lion in love, my heart beats with the faltering rhythm of a rabbit, and I know not when we shall meet again, or if this sonnet I wrote, being in the middle of the night, is but a dream, and will vanish with nothing to proclaim its once sweet presence with but a small puff of dust and the scent of violets. To temper my love, and to prove that this indeed is worthy of such a prize as you, I intend to quite secretly publish this work, and present it one day as your worthy due, for being the queen of my affections, and the muse which inspires my work. Lowly paper and scribbling is not for one such as you. Forgive this foolishness, for you will one day see it justified if I can work my will and if there is any who understands love in this world. Your justified fool, Liam Hensleigh.\" He hadn't the faintest idea what he was about, and as such couldn't very well tell his mother, but in answer to her inquiries, he called, \"I'm going out! I will be back when I am famous!\" Lady Hensleigh shook her head at his bravado as she heard the door slam. Liam focused his eyes above the heads of the crowds hurrying along the busy London street and on a swinging sign that bore an etching of a printing press  a building at which he had rarely glanced before, but which now held such promise. His progress seemed painfully slow as he waited for not one, but two carts to pass, and then beckoned a woman with several small children on ahead of him before crossing the street and gaining the threshold of the establishment. It was certainly not the most impressive structure, but it had a clean wood floor, and a freshly-painted sign upon the door that read, \"Enter, Writers of Renown\". It was unusual for a sign to display writing to those passing on the streets, as most of the general populous could not read, but Liam was encouraged by the knowledge that this sign was lettered with a select group of people in mind, and he felt a swelling inside to belong to this select group. Hoping that he would one day be a writer of renown, Liam laid his hand upon the door latch, and entered boldly. At once he was struck with the enormous printing press that took up almost the entirety of the floorspace in the publisher's shop. A man he presumed to the publisher finished lecturing the bevy of shoplads in ink-stained aprons setting type in trays on a long bench, and turned back to his current client, a tall, well-dressed man standing near the window. The man turned upon hearing the new arrival, and caught Liam's eye, not smiling, but rather curving his mouth under his mustache in some other form that was not entirely unpleasant to behold. Liam nodded, and couldn't help but notice the man stared at him a little longer that would be considered good breeding, and anxious to prove his own good breeding those within, answered the publisher's polite enquiry with pride. \"Liam Hensleigh, sir. Here to present a piece of writing for publication.\" The publisher looked doubtful, but nodded, and replied, \"Will be right with you, lad, after I tend to his lordship's business.\" The publisher followed His Lordship obsequiously about the place for several minutes, and showed him the progress on a piece of work he was obviously patronizing, if he did not write it himself. \"Very good, I shall hope to hold it in my hands before long,\" His Lordship said, adjusting his cloak, and making for the door. \"Tend to the boy, won't you? Don't mind me.\" With that, he proceeded to pull a pipe and a jeweled case of tobacco from his waistcoat and begin smoking calmly, leaning in the doorway. Liam flashed a grateful smile, and advanced, his manuscript in hand. \"What have we here,\" the publisher mused, taking it in hand without even asking to look it over, which Liam found surprising, and being to leaf through it. A few stanzas into the handwritten pages, his face sobered, and he held it closer to the window's light, his eyes skimming the words, his face quickly darkening. Liam watched nervously. At last the man looked up. \"Where did you get this?\" he demanded, giving the lad a penetrating look. \"I \" Liam stammered. \"Speak up.\" \"I  I wrote it, sir.\" The man stared at Liam, and then back at the manuscript, his face growing a shade darker with anger. Then he flung the pages toward the boy, and shouted, \"Get out of here, thief!\" Liam jumped back in shock, and then dropped to his knees beginning to frantically gather his precious pages together. \"I don't know what you're talking about, I'm not a thief, sir!\" \"You couldn't have written this! I've seen enough of your kind, hawking someone else's writings for money. Get out! Unless you want to confess who really wrote it!\" \"I did!\" Liam exclaimed, looking up, his eyes blazing. \"Every word of it is mine!\" \"And the handwriting?\" the publisher sneered. \"It is yours as well?\" \"It certainly is,\" vowed Liam. \"William Shakespeare's own hand-writing, even! And he claims that too! The gall! Lord Wessex!\" The publisher appealed to higher authority. \"Care to have a look at this well-crafted thievery?\" \"It is not thievery!\" Liam vociferated, his throat beginning to grown tight, and his eyes to sting. \"I wrote it!\" \"No need to shout, boy.\" He looked up to see Lord Wessex stoop and hand the last page to him. \"I'd like to have a look, if you don't mind.\" Liam fought back tears. \"I don't understand. I never wrote anything before -\" The publisher threw up his hands as the story grew more fantastic \"  and my mother told me when I started to write that it was good, and I should see if anyone would publish it! I don't understand what you are talking about at all.\" \"Famous playwrights' work is forged all the time. He merely thinks you are one of that crowd.\" \"Famous playwrights? I don't know any playwrights, let alone famous ones. If I did I should worship them, not steal their work. Unless you call inspiration stealing.\" Wessex listened raptly to the boy, and began to finger his mustache. Liam got to his feet, his face flushed, and his chest rising and falling rapidly in suppressed humiliation. He threw up his head. \"If you think I am stealing someone else's work, then I must tell you you are falsely, and most basely deceived,\" he said, with as much a player's air as he could muster. \"Every word of this comes from my own head, and my own heart. And I am most insulted that you insinuate otherwise.\" \"Insinuate!\" the publisher exploded. \"My lord, look at it!\" Lord Wessex calmly took the manuscript from Liam's trembling hands. He gave a clutch at it, but an even look from the unreadable brown eyes of Wessex convinced him to let it go. However, he did not take his eyes off the well-dressed figure who quickly perused his work. At last, he said, \"I am not an expert in handwriting, or poetry, even.\" The publisher opened his mouth to protest, but Wessex held up a slender hand, continuing, \"-But even so.\" He turned and gave the lad a sympathetic look. \"It smells strongly of Will Shakespeare's style. At the very least it has been imitated to near perfection.\" \"Imitated!\" raged the publisher. \"The very writing is his! If I had a quarto of his on hand, I could prove it! I should send for the man himself and confront him with this base calumny.\" \"Don't.\" Wessex was firm. Liam pleaded, \"Please, I don't even know who Will Shakespeare is! How could I copy his work?\" The publisher would have broke into a screech of laughter, but Wessex stopped him. He stared at the young man. \"You have never heard of Will Shakespeare? You cannot be serious.\" Liam met his eyes steadily. \"I have never heard the name in my life before sir, and I never lie.\" He glared at the publisher. \"Who is he?\" \"Where have you been the past thirty years?\" \"Well, I've only been for seventeen,\" Liam confessed. \"I told you, I am a Hensleigh. I live in the old family manor with my mother. We are the last of that noble family, and... we don't get out much, I suppose.\" He shrugged. \"I am not allowed to go to play houses.\" Wessex was taking in his every word, glance, and gesture, and at last looked up at the publisher. \"There has to be some way to prove he is speaking the truth.\" \"But, my lord \" \"May I come and visit, sometime? I am very much intrigued by you, young man.\" \"You believe me?\" \"I am inclined to. And if it is the truth, you are a very remarkable boy. I have heard of the last of the Hensleigh family living out their days in the fine Hensleigh Manor, but while I heard rumors of a very quiet widow and her son, I had no idea the son was this young. What is your history?\" \"We don't speak of it much,\" Liam admitted. \"Rather, Mother doesn't. She does not ever go out, but we entertain sometimes, just small groups. She says we are the last of the family, a distant branch.\" \"Remarkable. All of the Hensleighs have been extinct for decades. I had no idea the manor was back in the possession of some descendents. Publisher -\" Wessex gestured. \"I want this put to press right away.\" \"My lord!\" The publisher stared. \"But the piece you commissioned  \" \"I now commission this. I will pay any additional publication costs incurred, and I want the first printed quarto by the end of the month.\" \"Have you thought of asking Will Shakespeare's permission?\" muttered the publisher, snatching the manuscript from Wessex with a dark look. \"I never ask a players' permission for anything,\" Wessex murmuerd in return, and putting an arm around Liam's shoulder, ushered him from the print shop.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Liam's head was spinning as they hurried down the street  a mere hour ago he had encountered Lord Wessex in the printers' shop, and now he had been defended from charges of plagiarism and promised immediate publication. He had finally gotten up the courage to ask his tall companion what on earth the accusations had been about. \"I don't even know a William Shakespeare,\" Liam said, shaking his head. \"It is so confusing.\" \"It is a compliment, really,\" Wessex replied, looking down at him. Liam ran a hand down his face and exhaled through his nose; Wessex seemed to be watching him closely, and he decided to ask about this too. \"Why are you so curious about me?\" Wessex looked ahead of them, slowing their pace just slightly. \"You remind me of someone I used to know.\" \"Let me guess  William Shakespeare?\" Liam joked, but he stopped when Wessex's face seemed to freeze. \"Yes, actually.\" \"I want to meet him...\" Liam mused. \"And see what this is all about. You all might be imagining all this, and then what a jest that would make.\" Wessex stopped short, and turned down a side street, Liam skidding to a halt and scampering to catch up. \"Where are you going?\" \"You are going to meet Will Shakespeare, young Hensleigh,\" he said, and gave him a small smile. \"Though truth be told, I rather hate the man.\" \"Why do you hate him?\" Liam's forehead creased. \"You said to be likened to him was a compliment.\" \"He is undoubtedly skilled, but a scoundrel.\" Wessex's voice held the slightest of snarls to it, and this surprised Liam. \"A scoundrel!\" He weighed the word carefully, spitting it out again to hear it ring through the streets. \" Scoundrel!\" A few passersby turned with angry gestures at this, and Liam simply waved apologetically and ducked his head. Three streets converged before them at odd angles, the structures seeming to rise from the mouldering ground as if they had sprouted there in days of old, but the round outer wall of the playhouse shone with a fresh dashing of whitewash, and the ribs of dark wood stood out against it's gleaming relief like the panes of a leaded window. \"They call this The Rose,\" Wessex gestured, as they stood still and watched the pedestrians trickle in through the doors which were propped open. The doorway seemed to draw Liam in like a spell  within, he could see two tall pillars bestrung with banners in blue and red, a letter M marking the right of the stage and a letter C marking the left. A man clad in a brown cowl hurried by and disappeared between the gap in the curtain, and then he could see no more on account of the prospective audience. \"So this is a playhouse...\" Liam marveled under his breath. Wessex stooped to catch his words. \"For heaven's sake, boy, haven't you been to a playhouse before?\" he demanded, fishing in his purse for coins to place in the alms box. \"I have seen a play, but it was at Whitehall... \" murmured Liam in a daze as they were ushered in by pressing bodies on all sides. \"I'm not  allowed...\" And then all power of speech was taken from him as, with a flourish of trumpets, the play commenced. Wessex looked uncomfortable, and grew very pale as the tale progressed  the tale of a beautiful young girl who fell in love with a young man of Verona who wooed her on the balcony of nights... Liam was entranced. Wessex leaned over toward him just as a ringing voice was heard in response to: \"What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?\" \"Not having that, which having, makes them short.\" The man turned, and gave the audience a full view of his face. Liam didn't see anything particularly striking about him  his hair was thick and brown, his beard neatly trimmed, and bravely tinged with grey that belied his role. \"That  is Master Shakespeare.\" Liam looked quickly at Wessex. \"The famous writer acts in his own works?\" \"Apparently he'll allow no one else to take this role.\" Liam nodded, and watched closely the emotions portrayed across Shakespeare's face as he poured out his soul like water for the passer by to merely trample in. \"Is that really a woman?\" Liam whispered at one point as the girl, declaring her undying love for her suitor, captured him in a deep kiss. Wessex merely scowled. \"No, boy, all players are males.\" Then the ringing of blade on blade was heard, and Liam felt cold all over as Mercutio was killed, dying with a clever jibe that Liam vowed he would say if ever he found himself in such a situation. Before he knew it, the lovers were dying in each other's arms and he clapped wildly even as tears ran down his face. Wessex sat like a stone, and Liam finally shouted above the hubbub, \"Did you know that was going to happen? Is it not beautiful?\" \"This is an old play. Everyone knows the ending by now. I don't really know why he insists on performing it year after year. Come now.\" He stood, seeming eager to depart. \"You should return home. Your mother will be \" But when he turned to look for the lad, he was gone. Wessex cursed under his breath. Liam hunched his shoulders and wriggled his way through the crowds. He had to find Master Shakespeare, and tell him what a marvel his work was. Perhaps he would laugh and pat him on the head; perhaps he would frown and send him away. But he must meet him in person. There was never such a writer, never such an actor. Liam felt in a strange way that he knew him already. And suddenly he bumped head to head  head to wall, rather  with the front of the stage. Clambering up onto the platform, Liam scanned the crowds thronging out the two exits on either side of the playhouse, and then spotted Wessex, looking around wildly, no doubt for him. He broke into a run across the stage when suddenly there was no stage beneath his feet, and he fell through the trapdoor, left open through the inadvertence of the last actor through it. Fortunately, Liam did not hit his head on the way down, but he found himself among a heap of costumes, and blinked a few times before crawling through the supports and hauling himself to his feet backstage. Heads turned and regarded him strangely as he wandered through the narrow corridor, past a 'tiring room, past the props room, and finally reached a common area which was at the base of a set of rickety stairs. The actors were talking together, and every now and then a laugh would leap above the general hum, but Liam was looking for only one person. At last, he sighted the back of his head. Reaching up and tapping the man on the shoulder, Liam caught his breath as Will Shakespeare turned, and seemed surprised to see a face other than one of his actors. \"Who are you, lad?\" he demanded. \"And how did you get back here?\" Liam was suddenly tongue-tied, and he had sowanted to make a good impression... \"I- my-my name's Liam,\" he stammered at last, his eye drifting to the small gold earring in the playwright's earlobe. \"Liam Hensleigh.\" \"Liam. Your name is part of mine.\" He smiled in a way that made the boy relax somewhat. Liam sighed happily. \"I liked your play. Ever so much..\" Will cocked his head slightly and looked deep into the boy's brown eyes. \"Did you?\" Liam nodded, wide-eyed. \"It pulled a part of my heart out and put it on display to the sundry world.\" Will's attention was captured by this, and the world seemed to shrink to be just this boy. He decided to ask innocently, \"What's that? I haven't heard it yet  whose is it?\" \"Is what?\" Liam looked bewildered. \"I just... that's how I see it.\" \"Did you write that?\" Will whispered, drawing imperceptibly closer to him. Liam flushed. \"I can, if you think it's good. I want to be a great writer someday, like you. Mother says I have a great amount of promise.\" \"Who is your mother?\" Will asked quietly. \"I should like to meet her, and tell her that she is indeed correct in her observation of your talent.\" Liam quickly shook his head. \"Oh, she does not go out. But thank you, all the same.\" Will straightened and extended his hand. \"Pleasure to meet you, Master Hensleigh. I hope we may meet again. Would your mother consider letting you stay  and perform with us, perhaps? I could teach you what I know.\" Liam's eyes were round. \"I- I don't think she would like that. She does not like plays or playhouses. In fact \" he looked around quickly, \"she does not know I am here.\" \"Well, sleep on it, and if your dreams are full of player's trifles, then you will know this is the life for you. I can persuade most anyone.\" Will laughed lightly. Liam's eyes shone. \"I would stay asleep my whole life if I thought I could dream myself into a company of players.\" And when Will overcame his shock at this, the boy was gone. \"Where's the boy?\" he demanded, going on a mad search through his men, bringing back memories in cascades... \"Who is that boy?\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Lady Hensleigh sat in the waning light from the window, putting the finishing touches on the covered screen before her. Over the years she had come to content herself with such things, if only as an escape from the life before her. When she was younger, she had scorned handiwork as a waste of time, when one could be occupying the mind with grand tales, the body with grand motions, and the heart with grand feelings. Now she eagerly performed any mindless work as a welcome reprieve from the events of her past. Years passed, and now she fancied herself no different than the many other women of wealth and birth in London. Once, she would have scorned the thought. The door burst open beneath her on the ground floor, and she started, looking about her and realizing at last how late it was. Liam had been gone all day... His footsteps clattered up the wide stairs and drew nearer at a more decorous pace. She heard his breathing outside the door, but there was no accompanying knock. \"Liam?\" she called. \"Come in, darling.\" The door clicked and opened a wee crack, Liam's tussled head peeping in. A relieved smile seemed to wash over his face at the sight of his mother, familiar, and beautiful to him. Her hair shone in the golden light of the setting sun, and her hands rested lightly in her lap. He had the sudden urge to be touched by those hands, and went to her, sitting at her feet, and laying his head in her lap. \"Where have you been?\" she asked him, her fingers going to and fro through his mussed waves, sorting them into some semblance of order. \"Not getting into trouble, I hope.\" \"I said I would be getting famous,\" he murmured, his voice muffled in her skirts. \"I was diverted, however.\" \"How so?\" He lifted his head, and met her eyes. \"Mother, this has been the strangest day I think I have ever lived. Were I to write it, no man would believe it, and yet I feel that somehow there have been stranger things in the world, of which I know nothing.\" Her eyes were steady gazing into his. \"You feel you know nothing of the world?\" He nodded. \"At least there is a strange dichotomy between here and the rest of London. Most likely there is also between London and the rest of the world. Everyone speaks to me on every turn of Master William Shakespeare, whom I had never even heard of before today. Apparently he is rather famous  can it be that you too did not know of him?\" Lady Hensleigh's face had grown motionless as he spoke, and the color slowly draining from her lips was the only thing that yet distinguished her from a statue. \"Who has told you of this?\" \"I met a gentleman named Lord Wessex, who \" With a quiet cry, Lady Hensleigh stood and crossed the room, standing before the large mirror which o'erhung the wall. Liam could see her face, and it was dazed as if someone had struck her a great blow. \"Mother!\" he exclaimed, scrambling to his feet and hurrying to her side. \"What is the matter?\" \"Lord Wessex is here...?\" she whispered, and he replied: \"Yes  do you know him?\" Her eyes burned bright when she turned. \"What did you tell him about us?\" \"Us? Nothing at all, he found me at the publisher's shop, and saved me from the basest of accusations. But why \" \"What accusations?\" \"Of forgery. They say that my work was copied \" \"That is foolishness,\" she murmured, beginning to pace. \"You know that you could never \" \"-from Master William Shakespeare,\" he finished. Lady Hensleigh closed her eyes and swayed ever so slightly. \"Mother!\" Liam cried, running to her and catching her arm. She brushed him aside. \"I'm fine, Liam, it's alright.\" \"What is going on?\" he demanded, his eyes burning into hers. All she could do was close them to escape from that gaze, the gaze that still made her heart beat quicker. \"Tell me what this is about! Do you know Master Shakespeare? Do you know Lord Wessex? Is there a reason you want to keep me from playhouses?\" \"Yes,\" she replied weakly. \"Because there is nothing there you need to see.\" \"But there is!\" he exclaimed. \"I have been today.\" Lady Hensleigh looked shocked. \"Liam, I have warned you to never \" \"Lord Wessex took me,\" he forged on. \"He has taken a great interest in me and wants to help me. The play was called \"The Lamentable Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet, and the playhouse was called-\" \"The Rose,\" she whispered, finishing his sentence in his stead. \"Oh, Liam...\" Lady Hensleigh buried her face in her hands and sank to a seat on the bed. Liam sat down quietly beside her. \"Mother  what is it? How have I hurt you?\" he said gently. \"I am sorry I disobeyed and went to the playhouse. If you want me to tell Lord Wessex not to patronize my work, I will. I only wanted to publish it for you... And for Daphne.\" A flush covered his face. \"Tell me what to do. Tell me what I have done wrong?\" \"You have done nothing wrong,\" his mother said, lifting her damp face, and regarding him with eyes full of love and tears. \"But I have.\" \"You? What do you mean?\" \"I have deceived you for many years, and kept you from a life you should be living. But I did it for your protection... and for mine... and for his.\" \"His?\" Liam furrowed his brow. \"Your father,\" she whispered. Liam shook his head. \"You told me that my father was no more...\" \"No more in our lives, was the way I put it when you asked. And then I told you not to speak of it again.\" Liam gulped. \"So then  he is alive?\" Lady Hensleigh nodded woodenly, and closed her eyes once more. \"I should not be telling you this,\" she whispered. \"Promise me you won't let it undo you  that you will once more rise to the adversities of the world and overcome them in spite of your past.\" \"My past has been here, with you, and it has been good!\" Liam pleaded earnestly. \"What are you talking about? That this isn't my past? That this isn't who I am?\" \"It is a sham,\" his mother said, taking his hand, and saying in a broken voice, \"The well-crafted work of a mere player. Forgive me, dearest boy.\" \"For what?\" he whispered. \"For what I am about to tell you. But first, tell me what you know of yourself.\" Liam thought this a strange request, and told her so. \"What would you tell others who ask about you?\" she prompted. \"That I am Liam Hensleigh, son of Lady Hensleigh and...\" he trailed off, in his eyes a sudden shock. \"I  I  that we are the last of a...\" His mother was slowly shaking her head. \"This is the Hensleigh manor, but it was not inherited. It was purchased when I at last had amassed such means. I was born well \" \"A Hensleigh,\" he supplied, but she shook her head again. \"No. No doubt they were a noble family. But I know nothing beyond the fact that they are now no more, and their estate was being sold for a fraction of it's worth  and that fraction was everything I owned.\" \"So... we're not Hensleighs...\" Liam breathed. His eyes burned. \"Who are we, then?\" \"My family name was Delesseps. My father was, if not noble, at least very rich. It gained him many allies at court, but few friends. One of them was a profligate nobleman's son  Lord Wessex.\" Liam listened wide-eyed. \"You used to know him?\" His mother nodded. \"I fear so. You see, he wished to marry me. But I did not want a placid existence, as the well-bred but dead-of-heart wife of a petty noble. I wanted to live a life that was like a hurricane of feeling, that was a riot in the heart, as full of promise as a budding rose, and would bloom just as beautifully. I wanted nothing more than to be in a company of players.\" \"But you hate plays!\" \"I loved poetry. I was not allowed to attend public playhouses. But I vowed to have poetry in my life, and look joy in the plays performed at Greenwich as the mainstay of my heart's life. So I  \" She stopped short, breathless with memory. Liam pressed her. \"What?\" \"My parents, being too busy to concern themselves too much with me, planned to take two weeks at the country estate. I saw my chance, and planned, with the aid of my faithful nurse to presented myself as a boy at the nearest playhouse to try my best and gain a part.\" Liam stared in shock. \"But you don't look like a boy! You could not! Not even with short hair...\" She just laughed. \"But I did. I was too hasty and had not a wig, so the day before my parents' departure I went, tucking my hair up into a cap. I scarcely deserved second glances from anyone. It was delightful to be so anonymous. Everywhere I went, I was used to being looked at, appraised, like a horse for purchase. Now I could be seen for my heart, and for my love of poetry. I went to The Rose, gave my name as Thomas Kent, and was told to go out on the empty stage and say what I would. \"When I stepped out on the boards I saw no one in the seats of the audience, and so I asked if I should begin. A voice came down to me from the top rows, and then I saw him, lying on his back in utter despair. I had heard the previous auditions, and far from discouraging me, they encouraged me all the more to give my delivery my very soul. You see, Liam, poetry is not the word of the mind or of the lips, but the word of the heart, and it must be spoken so. Even some playwrights did not write poetry as they ought. But there was one, who captured my heart with a few lines, and it was his work I let forth from my bosom. \"It must have pleased him, for he sat up and demanded who I was  then I knew it. It was him. Master William Shakespeare.\" His mother smiled as she said the name, and Liam stared. \"You- you knew him?\" She nodded. \"He told me to take off my hat so that he could see my face, which of course, I could not. And frightened, I ran. A note came shortly after I returned home and dressed myself like a woman again. It was to Thomas Kent, from Master William Shakespeare. I had gotten a part. I was to be Romeo, a young \" \"Romeo!\" Liam gasped. \"He was played by Master Shakespeare even today!\" His mother paled slightly, but nodded. \"That night, there was a ball held by my father. Lord Wessex was there. He tried to tell me that he had asked my father for my hand, but I would not let him speak. I could not be faulted for what I did not know. Master Shakespeare was there, disguised among the musicians. He had been searching for Thomas Kent, and found instead a young lady of wealth and standing.\" \"Did he recognize you?\" Liam asked, completely enthralled. She shook her head. \"He did not, though I am sure I nearly gave myself away by recognizing him. Lord Wessex took him away before he could speak a word. Thus, Thomas Kent became the faithful message boy between his lady and William Shakespeare, for he was convinced that he loved her.\" \"Mother, this is just like the play I saw performed at Whitehall,\" Liam mused, suspicion strong on his voice. \"The story of a young woman named Viola \" She nodded. \"That is my name.\" \"He wrote it for you?\" Liam stared. \"Why did you never tell me that a playwright once wrote an entire play about you?\" \"Do you remember what happened in the play? It was a very great secret!\" Viola exclaimed, taking her son's hand. \"How could I have told you?\" She sighed. \"We fell very much in love, and one day it finally o'ercame me like a tidal wave of the ocean's deeps. I was told that I was to marry Lord Wessex, and realized that there was nothing that could be done. I wrote Will as much, and he chased after Thomas Kent in desperation of heart, demanding of me what he should do. I could not resist probing the depths of his affection in person, and so I asked him many things about his lady love. It amused me that he he had seen her but once, and yet invented so many pleasing things about her that he was convinced they were soulmates. At last he vowed to love her in spite of Wessex's threats, and in response to that  \" she stopped short and took a breath. \"I kissed him.\" Liam's face was a picture. \"He was likely shocked, but I did not stay to see for myself, instead fleeing the boat and running up to the house as fast as my legs would carry me. And then he knew. He pursued me to my chamber, climbing up the greenery there to approach my room.\" \"Romeo and Juliet,\" Liam breathed. Viola nodded, her eyes large. \"What followed there, I cannot tell you, even as your mother. But our love was deep and passionate, and I had not thought it, and I discovered that night that there was something better than a play. We continued as lovers in secret even while rehearsing for Romeo and Juliet.\" \"If you were Romeo, who was Juliet?\" Liam queried, recovering at last from his blush at this part of his mother's tale. \"A boy named Sam. He would have made a pretty enough Juliet, but it was not to be. I was discovered to be a girl, and the playhouse was shut down for scandal. We were not to perform, and I had ruined Will. I thought that I should die on that furiously windy day when I had no choice but to marry Wessex.\" Liam looked stunned. \"You  you what?\" Viola drooped her head. \"I married him.\" \"I don't understand  why does he not know about me? Why is he not here with us?\" \"I will tell you. But on our way out of the cathedral, I saw a playbill advertising the performance of \"The Lamentable Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet\" that very afternoon. Something had occurred, somehow, and I knew I simply had to be there to see the story that had become my own. \"The play progressed alright, with the cast as rehearsed except Will played my part, the part of Romeo. Suddenly, through the crowd came pushing Mr. Henslowe, shareholder of The Rose. He was talking to Richard Burbage, a fellow player in the audience, but I overheard him hiss, \"We have no Juliet.\" No Juliet! It seems Sam's voice had taken a turn southward at the last moment, and it was out of the question for him to perform as planned. Mr. Henslowe did not recognize me, but I told him that I was Thomas Kent. \"Do you know it?\" he demanded. I knew every word. And so I finished the play with Will, knowing that it was our true fate to love deeply and yet never be together.\" Tears filled Liam's eyes, and he managed, \"We're you good?\" Viola laughed. \"Of course. The audience had never seen the like. But I still had to leave. Wessex was taking me to Virginia on the afternoon tide. My farewell to Will was one of the hardest things I had ever done in my life. But he vowed to write of it  a journey by sea... a shipwreck...\" \"Twelfth Night,\" Liam whispered. \"Was there really a shipwreck?\" Viola nodded. \"There was. It was a terrible night. All were thought dead, excepting myself, though I was later to find out somehow Wessex survived and returned to London as well.\" \"So he thinks you are no more,\" Liam breathed. \"Why did you not return to him?\" Viola shook her head. \"I do not love him. You do not know him as I did. He may have changed, but -\" \"Y-you are still married to him! Liam stammered. \"Yes.\" Viola took Liam's hand. \"I had nothing when I returned to London. I saw Will one last time, and I very nearly told him the secret that had been weighing on my heart. But at the last minute my courage failed me, and I fled, as I had so many times before. This time he did not pursue. I lived in Alsatia for three years, working and saving every farthing. And then I bought this manor and set to creating a good and safe life for you.\" \"What was the secret you never told Master Shakespeare?\" Liam whispered, a tiny tremor running down his form and escaping through his hand into hers. Viola looked away. \"That I was with child.\" \"Am I  Wessex's son?\" Liam managed, his eyes filled with mistrust. \"Or \" \"I named you for your father, Liam,\" Viola whispered thickly. \"You are the living image of him, the beating soul of his words. That is why you write in living beauty and live in shining words. He  \" \"Master Shakespeare is my father,\" Liam said in a haggard voice. For a moment, Viola thought that he would run from the room. His lips twitched, and his chest rose and fell in uneven breaths. And then he threw his arms around her and wept into her bosom. Viola buried her nose in his hair and allowed herself to shed tears that had been locked within for many years. At last Liam lifted his head. \"Don't you want to see him again?\" he said, catching his breath. Viola shut her eyes. \"More than life itself. But it is too dangerous; we cannot be together. He is married, as am I.\" \"He is married...\" Liam said in a daze. \"To whom?\" Viola shook her head. \" I know not. I was angry when he told me. But what right had I? I had loved him against the laws of God before, and I continue to love him, against all laws, and all declarations. I will love him forever and a thousand years beyond that.\"[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 The morning had began very like any other morning, with the sun beating in through Will's tiny window which faced east, and glaring upon his face much earlier than he would have preferred. Flopping over onto his stomach, he clamped his dusty pillow down over his head and continued to do so until breathing grew difficult, and then with a groan, sat up and began his day. That afternoon was to be another performance, another hour and a half which would bring back memories in droves, which he would fight away when they interfered with his performance as the young lover of Verona, and which he would utilize to the utmost when they drove him to very real despair. The actors would, as they always did, congratulate him on his passion and ability to elicit tears from the stoniest of audiences, and he would smile and remain quiet, and think of she whom he would not name. He had attempted to perform once in his work of Twelfth Night, in the role of Sebastian, certain he could not handle the role of Orsino, but broke down when he had to utter the lines, \"Thrice welcome, drown'd Viola,\" just as he had when he had written them. He had never attempted to perform in that one again. A hammering on his door brought him forth from his reverie. \"Master Shakespeare? Master Shakespeare...\" \"Yes, coming, Julian,\" he shouted, leaping to his feet and tugging on his breeches, opening the door a few seconds later to behold the boy. Julian looked no more dirt-smeared than any other day, but slightly more excited, which was saying something indeed. He hopped from one bare foot to the other. \"What is it?\" \"Master Shakespeare, we've 'eard word that someone important is going to be comin' this afternoon.\" \"It's all rumor, Julian, and I told you to stop - \" \"But this is certain, 'e returned to town yesterday and has plans to stay!\" \"Who?\" Will scratched his head and inhaled deeply. \"Lord Wessex,\" the boy grinned, his crooked teeth protruding. Will tried to mask the disgust on his face. \"Indeed.\" Julian nodded. \"Will you be needin' any more 'elp this afternoon?\" \"No, but I'll send for you if I do.\" The boy still lingered in the doorway. \"Master Shakespeare...\" \"Aye.\" Will folded his arms patiently. The boy furrowed his brow and seemed to be thinking very hard about something. \"I seen you play this play before. It makes everyone so sad. Why do you keep doin' it? Why do people pay so you make them cry?\" Will chuckled outright. \"I don't know, lad. I really don't know. Something about the pathos of a tale like this appeals to other people.\" Julian narrowed his eyes. \"But you cry too. It's real tears too, I seen 'em.\" Will tussled his head. \"Right, then. Off you go.\" \"Forgettin' something?\" The urchin tipped his chin up at him, and shook an insisted hand. \"For bein' a good spy an' all.\" \"Next time,\" Will promised. \"Go by the 'tiring room and see if Sam's left any of the pasty he had last night. If so, it's yours.\" With a grin, the scruffy youngster scampered off, and Will returned to his room, slowly pulling on his boots, and splashing his face before the glass. Judging by the look of the sun he had about an hour before he was due down in the practice yard to rehearse with Sam and the other hired men - the duel had tripped them up last night, and nearly resulted in a calamity. Later inspection revealed no actual harm was done, but apparently the men were slow enough on their choreography to warrant another last-minute practice. Hardly knowing why he did so, Will sat down at his desk and retrieved a quill from among the random articles scattered there - half-chewed player's sides, blotted brainstorms and fragmented sonnets. He tugged a clean sheet from the stack and dipped his quill, beginning in a lazy script: Dear Anne. There he stopped. He did not know what else to write, so with an actor's skill, he just plunged ahead, trusting to fate and inspiration to bring him material as he improvised. I apologize that it has been so long. I fear to think of the last time I have actually written a letter to go along with the amount that I occasionally send you for the children. They must be so grown now. I cringe to think of life in Stratford this time of year - it was always such a hustle and bustle to get things to market, to market, to market... Not that it is any less of an affair here, but one gets used to it when it is every day. Saints, I am running out of things to say already. I feel there is such an amount I have to tell you that I may as well not even try, it would be like bailing the ocean from one sea into another with a teaspoon. I can picture your face as you read this - I hope you can after all, I fear my penmanship grows more and more deplorable with the passing of the years... Will stared out the window before him, imagining the dark-haired young woman he had first taught to read. She would pour over each word, her lashes lying upon her cheeks like inky lines as she tried to remember the things he had taught her, her full lips pursed as she sounded out a particularly challenging sentence. Anne. Ay, me. Therefore my mistress's eyes are raven black, her eyes so suited, and they mourners seem at such who, not born fair, no beauty lack, sland'ring creation with a false esteem: yet so they mourn becoming of their woe, that every tongue says beauty should look so. He could not resist, though so often since then he had thoughts throng through his head which belied his words, thoughts of hair like spun gold in the starlight, eyes as light as the mist upon the Thames, and lips as small and delicately colored as a child's, or a lad's. It forever haunted him the ironies that love could take. For the course of true love never did run smooth. The nights of his young manhood were haunted by the very real presence of a shadowy eye, a voluptuous red lip, the curve of a sun-kissed breast, the caress of rounded arms. Even now, years from her touch, Will would awake in the nights in a sweat, having sensed upon him the slender weight of a golden-haired angel, with wide wondering eyes and breath light as the flutter of a butterfly upon his cheek. Ay, me. Will pushed the partially composed letter away from him, and it joined the other stacks of forgotten papers on his desk as he left the door ajar behind him. The afternoon passed quickly, and before he knew it, the boards were beneath his feet, and he was crying aloud the ne'er forgotten anguish of his soul, first of Rosaline, then of Juliet. Then the aftermath of the play. The boy! The brown-haired boy, who stared at him with something he could not explain written in his eyes, across his face. It is said that two hearts beat for the same passion when you recognize your own expressions on their face. In this boy's glowing gaze he saw all the passion of pent-up love, the fear of being discovered in a forbidden place... the light of talent - genius, perhaps. And then he uttered the words: \"I would stay asleep my whole life if I could dream myself into a company of players.\" And like a wraith, he had vanished. Will was only vaguely aware of his own cries in his ears. Pushing and shoving past merchants and farm folk, he chased madly through the lengthening shadows of the falling evening, keeping his eyes roving over the crowds for the figure he had lost. He was wearing a blue cap - no, it was more greenish-gray. No - he was not wearing a cap at all. Will cursed inwardly. He would not turn back. His pulse pounded behind his eyes, his own breath roaring in his ears as he reached the river and stopped short, leaning forward, and bracing his hands on the tops of his legs. For a brief moment he thought he sighted the well-dressed figure of him who he could not fail to notice among the audience of the play, but then his vision wavered to reveal it was no more than another tall mustached nobleman. Then he straightened, catching out of the tail of his eye a glimpse of the figure still running away from the direction of the playhouse. He must have taken a bad turn and just now returned to his course. Will saw him slow his pace, his hand upon his breast, and lean for a brief moment against a stack of feed stitched sturdily inside canvas sacks, before trudging on, at a reasonable pace to be followed. Will kept his eye on the boy - Liam - he reminded himself, as he saw him continue toward the outskirts of London. Liam... Liam Hensleigh. Ah, that was it. So he lived at the old Hensleigh manor. Satisfied, Will entered the tavern on his right and ordered a drink to slake his thirst, and remained there until darkness fell, his drink all but untouched. Meanwhile, following Liam's hurried return, came the incidents which have already been described. The boy sat in stunned silence as Viola looked past him, beyond him - through him almost, her eyes clear and free of the tears that clouded her vision multiple time through the telling of her tale. He took her hand, not trusting the strength of his voice to bear his words upon the still air. He swallowed, and began at last, in a quiet whisper. \"I am glad you told me.\" Viola gave him a smile that seemed as the sun bursting forth from behind clouds. \"Are you?\" Her tone, nonetheless, quavered. He nodded, taking a deep breath. \"I - I think I should go and get some air.\" And Viola let him go, seeing in his hurried footsteps the same urge that drove her out upon a vine-clad balcony one night - the urge to breathe deeply of the moving air, to feel that the world was so much bigger than the thoughts thrumming through your brain, and the troubles weighing on your heart, and to allow the hope that maybe - just maybe - down beneath on the sward, someone would be waiting, ready to declare undying love and present a listening ear, a caring arm, and an unfaltering heartbeat. Night had fallen during the time it had taken for Viola to tell Liam the truth she had kept hidden from him for so long. As she sat there, she did not realize how brief an hour it was in which she had summarized his entire existence. The tavern sat as it had for so many nightfalls, it's door an open gateway to the passersby. At some point Will must have fallen asleep, for at long last footsteps aroused him from his daze. He lifted his disheveled head to see a young man approaching him, wearing tattered clothes, and bearing in his hand a note. He regarded Will with a critical stare. \"Master William Shakespeare?\" \"Aye, who needs him?\" Will replied, rubbing his face and blinking until the room stopped swimming before his muddled gaze. \"Nobody, just to deliver this note.\" Will fished in his pocket and produced a farthing, which he tossed to the lad. \"Wait, in case it needs a reply,\" he called, unfolding the paper, but the boy was on his way out, shrugging. \"It'll take more'n a farthin' for that, Master.\" Will's mind hardly registered annoyance as he quickly took in the words scribbled hastily on the paper: She never told her love, but let concealment, like a worm in the bud, feed upon her damask cheek; she pined in thought and with a green and yellow melancholy sat like patience on a monument, smiling at grief. Was not this love indeed?\" Your own words, sir. And never truer. Ay, that's the theme. To her in haste, give her this jewel, say 'my love can give no place, bide no delay'. Will fingered in his hands the bauble that had fallen from the paper, a small ring with the crest of the Hensleigh family upon it. Intrigued, he rose from the table, muttering, \"Clever lout, to use my own words. What means this, I wonder?\" He left the tavern at once, returning his untouched ale, and bidding the keeper, \"Give it to the next sorry soul that comes through your doors, I have something better than drink in store for me tonight, I ween.\" He felt his bravado twinge a little in the speaking of it, but he turned his steps toward the Hensleigh manor nonetheless and furrowed his brow as he walked, feeling the paper crackle in his pocket. The only thought that had some coherence to it was that the boy Liam perhaps was playing the messenger between him and an admirer - much as the fictitious Thomas Kent had between himself and the beautiful lady of his love... until he had realized they were one and the same. But even this theory had a hollow ring to it. However, he had not the time to come up with anything better before he was striding up the walk of the manor, and heard, rather than felt the rap of his own knuckles upon the great door. The thought did cross his mind that he should, perhaps, have gone to a side door, but his fears were stopped in their tracks when a clear voice was heard calling from within. It was a woman's voice. \"Who do you seek?\" Will cleared his throat. \"I know not, I was sent here on a mysterious errand of which even I do not know the nature. I was instructed to give something to the lady of the house?\" There was no reply to this, and Will opened his mouth to say something else, when the voice from within came again. \"What is it?\" \"Are you the lady of the house?\" \"I am - who is there?\" \"Master William Shakespeare, at your service.\" Again, no response. Will stood there for a long moment, and was pondering whether to rap again or simply go home when he heard from through the thick wood: \"I do not know what to do.\" A smile crossed his face. \"I mean you no harm, lady, I swear. But if you would like, I can return at a more decorous hour, and -\" Suddenly, the door gave way, and framed in the dim light of the interior, stood a tall, slender figure. Will took in his breath as the figure stood simply there, very still. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 She made her way down the busy streets, bustling with market traffic, passersby, and the "},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"Ellen Tallow","Author":"Whizzothecrunchyfrog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1102844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one: In which we are introduced to our heroine. Ellen was a seamstress. She really wanted to be an actor, but the lawnsaid that only men could act. Ellen thought it was unfair, but then, shenwasn't the queen, so what could she do? Sewing was about the only othernthing she felt she was good enough at to make a living. Currently, she wasnworking for the Rose theater, mending and sewing anything that came hernway. It was the closest thing to acting work that she could get. Ellen hadnbeen working there for a month when Mr. Henslowe, the owner of the theater,ncame to see her. \"Ellen!\" he shouted as he came into the house. Ellen poked her head outnfrom behind the curtain where she was working. \"Yes, Mr. Henslowe?\" \"I have brought you an assistant. Ellen, this is Margaret Booker. Margaret,nthis is Ellen Tallow, our seamstress. A pretty blonde girl with curly hairnstanding next to Henslowe curtsied. Ellen nodded at her. \"Have you finally gotten that new play to rehearse, Mr. Henslowe?\" Ellennasked. Henslowe had been rattling on for weeks on how Will Shakespeare, anyoung playwright in town, and a constant on-and-off employee of Henslowe's,nwas writing a new comedy for the actors at the Rose to preform. \"He says that he's working on it,\" replied Henslowe, \"I'm off to check onnhim. He said he'd have act one finished by today.\" Ellen surpressed anlaugh. She knew Will enough to know that he never got things done when hensaid they'd be done. He was an artist. He got things done whenever he gotnthe inspiration to get them done. \"You show Margaret the ropes. I need to make sure Will's delivering.\" Andnwith that, Henslowe popped out the door. Margaret stood blankly in thencenter of the house. Ellen sighed and came out to meet her. \"Hello. Welcome to the Rose,\" she said, sticking out a hand to shake.nMargaret took it, reluctantly. Clearly, the girl didn't know much else butnsewing, if, indeed, she even knew that. But Ellen made it a point that shenwould be nice to this new girl, even if she was a bit..fluffy. \"Er.what should I do, exactly?\" Margaret said daintily. \"First of all, I need to show you around. Even seamstresses need to knownwhere everything is in this theater, or it's likely you'll lose something,\"nMargaret nodded. Ellen showed her the upstairs seating, and aroundnbackstage. \"Those stairs lead to the upper part of the stage. There's also a room tonthe left, but that's master Henslowe's, or master Shakespeare's, when he'snhere. Margaret nodded again, before asking, softly again, \"Who's master Shakespeare?\" \"Ah. Will Shakespeare is a playwright and a poet that master Henslowe hiresnoccasionally to do plays.\" \"Oh. I never was one for plays,\" Margaret commented. \"Then why are you here?\" \"I just needed the work.\" \"Ah. Well, if you're going to stay here long, you'll need to learn to likenthe theater. Here's the mending,\" Ellen pointed to the gargantuan pile thatnshe'd been working on, \"I'll take half and you take half. We usually worknuntil about five o' clock.\" Ellen handed Margaret a spool of thread, anneedle, and some embroidery yarn. Margaret stared at it blankly, as thoughnshe didn't know where to begin. \"Well, go to it, girl! You do know how to embroider, don't you?\" \"A little bit.\" \"All right then. Take this, and take half of the mending. We'll make a realnseamstress of you yet.\" So saying, Ellen took hold of her own thread, andnbegan mending where she'd left off.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: In which People are met, and Arrangements made The next day, Ellen arrived at the theater before Margaret did. She gotninside and began preparing for the day ahead. Doors were opened, andnmaterials moved so that Ellen had everything set up just the way she needednit to work properly. She grabbed a bunch of dresses and began working onnthem. She'd forgotten completely about having an assistant, until there wasna knock on the house doors.n \"Who is it?\" Ellen called out.n \"Margaret Booker, your new assistant,\" Margaret replied.n \"Oh!\" Ellen muttered to herself, \"I'd nearly forgotten about her,\"nthen to Margaret, she shouted, \"Come in! It's open!\" There was a creak asnMargaret entered, and the soft sound of feet upon floorboards.n \"Good morning, Ellen.\"n \"Good morning, Margaret. I've gotten dresses for us to work onntoday.\" There was another creak, and Henslowe entered.n \"ELLEN!\" he shouted.n \"Yes, Mr. Henslowe?\" Ellen leaned out of the balcony above the stage.n \"Will's gotten scene one written! I'm having auditions today! You arento take measurements for the actors that come through. Have you got that?\"nEllen nodded.n \"Got it, Mr. Henslowe. I'll be ready for them.\" Henslowe nodded,nwaved, and left.n \"Well, apparently, we've got something else to do today. And thankfulnI am for it, too. I was getting tired of mending,\" Ellen said to Margaret.n \"Is it always that sudden?\" she asked.n \"Is what always suddnen?\"n \"New orders?\"n \"Let me explain something to you, Margaret. I should have told younthis yesterday, lord knows why I forgot, but here it is. Everything inntheater is sudden. There is no schedule, other than rehearsals and showntime. Anything and everything that happens during and in between thosentimes is completely and utterly unexpected. It's something you'll have tonget used to.\"n \"But I'm used to scheduling!\" complained Margaret.n \"Too bad. Now, let me show you where we keep the tape measures.\" Auditions were held in three hours' time. The place was completelynswamped with men auditioning for parts in the new play. Shakespeare himselfnwas sitting in the upper gallery with Henslowe, watching and listening tonthe people that had shown up. Unfortunately, it was a bit monotonous. Allnof the actors were reading from Faustus, by Kit Marlowe, and always thensame part. It's not that Marlowe was a bad man. He wasn't. It wasn't thatnMarlowe was a bad playwright. In fact he was one of the best out there.nIt's just that Will had a twinge of jealousy in him for not having writtennthe crowd-stopper of Faustus that was so popular. But, through it all, henremained polite. That was Will for you. Even when he was annoyed or borednout of his wits, he'd be the nicest and most accomadating that he could be.nBackstage, Ellen was frantically measuring up the long line of actors thatnhad auditioned. It wouldn't have been so bad but for Margaret gettingnbutterfingers and messing up measurements.n \"Oh! I'm horrible!\" she said at one point.n \"No, Margaret, you are not horrible. It's just you're first time.nYou'll get better,\" Ellen reassured her. But secretly, she was thinkingnthat Margaret wouldn't last a week if it kept on this way. But, finally,nall the actors came through and were measured, and Ellen and Margaret werenallowed to relax. Margaret sat down daintily on the floor, trying hard notnto let her exhaustion show through. Ellen didn't care. She simply collapsednto the floor. There was a sound behind them, and Ellen whirled around tonsee a young man with a hat on, who looked slightly nervous, walk past.nEllen readied her measuring tape. There was something different about thisnone, though she couldn't quite put her finger on it. The young man steppednonto the stage and began to speak.n \"May I begin, sir?\" asked the boy.n \"Go ahead,\" groaned Will.n \"I would like to read from a writer who commands the heart of everynplayer.\" Will groaned again.n \"What light is light, if Sylvia be not by? What joy is joy if Sylvianbe not seen?\" it was from \"Two Gentlemen of Verona\", one of Will's ownnplays. Ellen pricked up her ears.n \"Stop!\" Will shouted from the top of the theater, \"Take off yournhat!\"n \"My hat?\" said the boy.n \"What's your name?\"n \"Thomas Kent, sir.\"n \"Let me see your face! Take off your hat!\" The young man did notnoblige. Instead, he took off running. Will himself ran down and out of thentheater.n \"Excuse me, sir,\" Ellen raised her tape measure, but the young man,nThomas Kent, was in and out faster than she could finish her sentence.n \"Is it always like that?\" Margaret asked from her place on the floor.n \"Not usually,\" Ellen replied, staring after Kent.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: In Which there is a Triumphant Return \"We are doomed,\" Will muttered to Henslowe the next day. It was the firstnday of rehearsal for \"Romeo and Ethel\", the play that Will was supposed tonbe writing for Henslowe. \"No we're not!\" Henslowe hissed urgently back. Will stood back up on stage. \"As to the parts that you will receive, they'll all be handed out in duentime,\" Will told the players. But Mr. Fennyman, the investor for the show,nthought otherwise. \"No, I will take charge of this. You.\" Fennyman was interrupted by a loudnbang as the door from the house was thrown open by none other than NednAlleyn and the admiral's men, the actors who commonly played the theater. \"The admiral's men have returned!\" Ned shouted triumphantly. There was angreat cheer from the actors assembled, but a great groan from Ellen. \"And so the fool returns,\" she muttered. \"Who's that?\" Margaret asked eagerly. \"That man right there is Ned Alleyn, and a bigger, more pompous idiotnyou'll never find in all of London. The rest of those men are the actorsnfrom the Admiral's Men. They're the ones who usually act out the playsnhere. They were on tour, but I suppose they're back now.\" \"That Ned fellow doesn't seem that bad,\" Margaret noted, picking out a badnstitch. Ellen snorted. \"Just wait until you get to know him. A real charmer, that one.\" Out on stage, Mr. Fennyman looked indignantly at the players. \"Who are you?\" he asked Ned. In reply, Ned drew his rapier. \"SILENCE, you dog!\" he shouted. Then, in a lower voice, continued, \"I amnHeronimo. I am Faustus,\" he turned to Will, \"Ah, yes, master Will, I amnHenry the sixth.\" Ned turned to Fennyman, irritably, \"And who are you?\"nFennyman was doing something that Ellen knew was something he'd only do innthe presence of someone like Ned. He was cowering. \"Er.I'm the money,\" he said nervously. \"Then you may stay, as long as you stay silent,\" Ned commanded, \"Now! Whatnis the play, and what is my part?\" \"Incredible,\" Ellen muttered, \"Less than ten minutes in a theater and he'snin charge.\" \"Amazing,\" Margaret said. Ellen rolled her eyes. Training Margaret wasngoing to be even harder than she'd thought. \"It's a tragedy,\" Will said. \"You mean a comedy!\" Henslowe interrupted, but everyone ignored him. \"I am in desperate need of a Mercutio,\" Will continued. \"And the name of this piece?\" Ned asked. Will paused. \"Mercutio,\" he said. Ned thought for a second before saying, \"I will play.\" There was another great cheer from the actors assembled, andna smirk from Ellen. Will knew Ned well enough to know he had to be trickedninto playing a supporting role. Ellen and Margaret were still working on the embroidery for the costumesnwhen Ned arrived backstage. Ellen pondered sticking her foot out in frontnof him, but thought better of it. But she wasn't going to miss a chance tontrade insults with him, so she cleared her throat loudly. \"Ellen,\" Ned nodded. \"Ned,\" Ellen replied. No formalities here. \"Miss me?\" Ned asked sarcastically. \"Quite the opposite. It was so quiet here! Amazing.\" \"It's nice to be appriciated.\" \"Excuse me,\" Maragaret cut in, \"But I don't believe we've met.\" Ellen wasnsurprised. Margaret acting on her own? \"I'm Margaret Booker, Ellen'snassistant.\" \"Ah,\" Ned bowed low, \"Ned Alleyn, at your service.\" He took her hand andnkissed it before saying, \"A pleasure meeting you, but I'm afraid I mustnattend to other business.\" He turned and left. Ellen was sure she heardnMargaret give a sigh. \"Good lord, Margaret! How on earth did you get manners out of that wretch?\" \"I don't know,\" Margaret said simply, before returning to her needlework.n\"Why are you such enemies, anyway?\" she asked. \"It's a long story, but we've nothing to do anyway, so I'll tell you.\"nEllen sighed and then began, \"When I first came here as seamstress, I wasnintroduced to all the players, and, in truth, we all got along pretty well.nBut, for some odd reason, Ned went out of his way to cause trouble for me.nHe tripped me backstage, berated me, and ultimately made my life miserable.nSo, I decided to make his miserable. Finally we just settled on tradingninsults, because it was much less tiring.\" \"Hmm,\" Margaret pulled another stitch through the dress she was working on.n\"Is this all right?\" \"Good. Go and put it in the costume room over there.\" Ellen pointed to thenside of the stage. Margaret nodded and headed off in that direction. Ellennfelt a hand on her shoulder, and she looked up to see that Will Shakespearenwas looking down at her. \"How goes the costumes, Ellen?\" \"Fine, thank you master Will, much better now that I have someone to helpnme.\" \"Ned's back.\" \"So I noticed.\" \"You've talked to him, have you?\" he asked. Ellen raised an eyebrow atnthis. \"What do you think?\" \"I think that nothing will ever change between the two of you, unless somendivine force comes and strikes down one of you.\" \"Let it be Ned, Will. It'll be a greater service than either you or I couldnimagine.\"n\"If it must be Ned, let's hope it's not until after the play.\" Will pattednEllen's shoulder and headed for the stairs. \"Right now I've got to startnwriting act two.\" Ellen smiled, shook her head, and continued mending thendoublet she had in her hands.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four: In which Rehearsals are Under Way Two days later, rehearsals were well under way. Thomas Kent, thenmystery boy who had run off so fast during auditions, was back. He wasnplaying to role of Romeo. Though the play was being practiced, Will wasnstill hard at work on the script. He had given directions to Ned to overseenproduction while he was busy with the writing. Ned stood to the side of the stage, watching as the dancers wentnabout on the stage for the scene at the Capulet party. Thomas Kent, who wasnplaying Romeo, as well as Sam, one of the admiral's men, who was playingnJuliet, were dancing, as well as some others.n \"Gentlemen upstage, ladies downstage,\" Ned directed, in time to thenmusic. The actors tried to obey, but it seemed as though Thomas and Samnwere having some trouble. Ned called out again, \"Gentlemen upstage, ladiesndownstage, are you a lady, Mr. KENT?\" the music stopped. Thomas lookednsheepishly at the floor. Ellen watched all of this from the area above thenstage, where she was working on the costumes. She was nearly done with thenMontague costumes, which were some of the hardest, since they all had to benexactly the same. She felt just a bit sorry for Thomas, though it was hisnfault that they'd had to start over down below. \"All right, start again, from the top!\" Ned grumbled impatiently. Everyonendid it right this time. \"Will!\" Ned walked to the edge of the stage to talk to Shakespeare, who hadnjust come out from backstage. \"Something wrong, Ned?\" \"No no. The speech here, is wonderful. 'Oh, I see Queen Mab hath been withnyou.' It's dramatic, and a goodly length. But then he disappears for thenspace of a bible.\" Will smiled and held up another handful of pages. \"Ah, but here. You'll like this. Such a stage fight as you never sawnbefore! He dies with such passion! 'A plague on both your houses!'\" Hensmiled and walked off. \"He dies?\" Ned pondered aloud as Will walked off. Backstage, Ellen smiled.nGood job, Will,\" she thought. It was about time somebody killed one ofnNed's characters off. The next day, the first kissing scene between Romeo and Juliet wasnbeing rehearsed. Sam and Thomas stood, reciting their lines to one another.nSam said his line, but there was a pause. Thomas seemed distracted, asnthough he were looking at something else. \"It's your line,\" prompted Sam. Thomas snapped back to reality. \"Suffering cats!\" Ned groaned loudly from stage left. Ellen, who wasnsitting backstage on the lower level today, muttered as she sewed. \"Let them be, Ned. The play is far from finished.\" \"I don't see you on the stage. This is none of your business, Shrew.\" \"No more than it is yours, Donkey.\" \"Wench.\" \"Womanizer.\" \"I'm just going to pretend I didn't hear that.\" Ned looked back at thenaction taking place on stage. They were at the kissing part. Margaretnnudged Ellen. \"You shouldn't be so hard on him, Ellen.\" \"You don't know that fool like I do,\" Ellen whispered back. \"No no! It's not done like that. Like this!\" Will ran up to the stage toninterrupt Thomas and Sam. \"Say your line again, master Kent.\" Thomas saidnhis line, and Will planted a great smack that was nearly ten times greaternthan the one demonstrated on stage. \"See if you can do it more like that,\" he said, then ran to the upstairsnroom to do some writing. \"Lucky you were here, Will,\" Ned called as Will left, \"We might be doingneverything wrong.\" Ellen rolled her eyes. She was going to make a comment,nbut he'd left already. He looked as though he, too, were headed to thenupstairs room. \"Keep working, Margaret, I need to go and check on something,\" Ellen said,nsetting down her mending. She kept close but silent behind Ned. Was hengoing to confront Will about the display onstage? After all, his behaviornhad been a little, well, odd. Or did Ned think the play was bad? Was henpulling out? Ellen didn't like Ned, but he couldn't leave. Not now, whilenthe players and Will still needed him. Ellen crept up by the stairs. Thendoor was wide open so that she could hear the conversation. \"Will,\" started Ned, \"I know, I know, it's terrible,\" Will said. \"No, I think it's quite good. But the title. Romeo and Juliet. How's thatnfor a title?\" Ellen was surprised. Ned being modest? She tried and tried tonpicture it, but, for some reason, she couldn't see it. \"You are a gentleman, Ned,\" Will sounded just as surprised as Ellen. Nednturned and walked down the stairs, but replied, \"And you are a Warwickshire shithouse.\" Ellen sniggered, and stepped to the side so that he wouldn't see her. Shenwatched as he approached Margaret. They were talking about something ornother. Margaret laughed. Then Ned did something that Ellen had nevernthought him capable of. He leaned over, and kissed Margaret on the cheek!nEllen felt color rising in her face, but she pushed it down. Somehow shendidn't like seeing that, but she wasn't about to let it get in the way ofnher work. Ellen approached Margaret, and acted as though nothing hadnhappened. What was wrong with her?[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: In Which There is a Brawl In the days that followed, Ellen tried her best to completely forgetnall about what she had seen. Four days later, she had all but put it out ofnher head. At least she would have if Margaret had stopped talking about Nednmorning noon and night. It was enough to drive Ellen up the wall. Shendidn't give a fig about what innuendo Ned had mentioned, or what his viewsnwere on this or that. She couldn't have cared less, truth be told. ButnMargaret, being the fluff that she was, wasn't about to notice. After anwhile, Ellen just tuned her out. And then came a day when everything took anvery big turn. It all started out with rehearsal four days after Ellen sawnthe encounter between Ned and Margaret. \"By my head, here come the capulets!\" said George Bryan, the actor who wasnplaying Benvolio. \"By my heel, I care not,\" Ned replied. James Armitage, the actor who playednTybalt, separated himself from the group of extras that played thenCapulets. \"Gentlemen,\" he said, deepening his voice to such a low level that Ellennhad to stifle a sarcastic snigger backstage, \"A word with one of you.\"nInstead of replying, Ned broke character. \"Are you going to do it like that?\" he asked, in the innocent but jerky waynthat one might expect him to react. Margaret giggled. Ellen rolled herneyes, but couldn't wipe the smirk off of her face. Everyone backed off andnbegan once more. \"By my head, here come the Capulets,\" George repeated. \"By my heel, I care not,\" Ned replied once more. There was a loud bang, andnthe house door opened. Ignoring this, the men continued on with their show.nEllen cautiously poked her head out from behind the curtains to see anglowering and very angry Richard Burbage. Ellen had seen him once or twice,nand she'd found out well enough on those previous occasions that you didnnot want to cross Richard Burbage unless you were either very strong, ornlooking for an early death. Judging by his glare, Burbage definitely lookedncrossed. \"WHERE IS THIS ROBBER, WHO CANNOT KEEP HIS QUILL IN HIS OWN INKPOT??\" henraged, as a few actors from the chamberlain's men trailed in behind him.nWill, who was standing to the side of the stage, jumped down, a perplexednand rather annoyed look on his face. \"What's the meaning of this?\" he asked, looking Burbage up and down. Innreply, Burbage drew his sword. \"DRAW! Draw if you be a man!\" there was a similar sound of steel as thenChamberlain's men, as well as the actors on stage, drew their own swords.nAll of a sudden, Burbage ran savagely at Will, who stepped aside as he drewnhis own sword, tripping Burbage. This set the room off in an absolutenrampage. \"What's going on?\" Margaret said in a high-pitched voice that made hernsound like a frightened mouse. Ellen rolled her eyes. Margaret could not beninvolved in a brawl. The results might be tragic. \"It's a brawl. Happens all the time. Just go upstairs, and stay there untilnI say you can come out.\" \"But what.\" Margaret trailed off as Ellen shoved her up the stairs and intonWill's office. Ellen grabbed a chair from inside the room, and shut thendoor, propping the chair underneath the doorknob so that it couldn't benopened from the inside. She wasn't taking any chances. Ellen arrived downstairs to find an absolute bedlam. Swords were allnbut forgotten for more creative weapons, such as planks, dowels and fists.nThere was a ripping sound, and she turned in the direction of the costumenroom. One of the dresses she'd tailored herself was being ripped apart.nThat did it for Ellen. She'd worked hard on that dress, and the idiot thatndestroyed her art was going to pay. She got her chance when the idiot madenhis way over to Ned, who was fighting off a pair of the Chamberlain's Mennright below her, so she had a direct view of everyone's heads. The idiotnshoved the other two actors aside, and was about to pull a punch on Ned,nwhen Ellen yanked off her shoe, for lack of anything else, and whacked thenidiot on the head. He looked up, blankly, and looked about to get at her,nwhen she whacked him again, harder. His eyes rolled back in his head, andnhe fell unconsious to the floor. Ned looked up, gratefully. \"Not for you,\" Ellen said, \"For my costumes. You just got lucky.\" \"You are a shrew, madam,\" Ned shot back. Ellen raised her shoe in reply. \"This shoe has whacked nobler heads than yours, Ned Alleyn.\" \"Pah!\" he waved a hand in her face and moved on. Ellen shrugged hernshoulders, and was about to move on herself, when there was a great hollownclonking sound from the stage, followed by a thump and a resounding cheer.nEllen ran to the stage, to see what had happened. When Ellen got to the stage, the first thing she noticed was thatnlittle white feathers were drifting around the stage like newfallen snow.nMr. Fennyman stood on the edge of the stage, holding a skull in his hand,nstanding over an unconsious Burbage, who had a slightly purple lump formingnon the top of his head. The Chamberlain's men regrouped and retreated,ncarrying the fallen Burbage with them. \"Ooh,\" Ned commented, \"He's going to feel that one in the morning.\" Ellennlooked around to see what had caused the flying of the feathers. Low andnbehold, it was the mattress that she'd sewn for Juliet's balcony. Anothernpiece of labor, ripped to shreds. \"Have they any care for the work I have to go through?\" she said,nexasperated. \"No, and neither have I,\" Ned cut in. \"Die and and may the devil take you, Ned.\" \"Aye, and what would he do with me?\" \"If he had any sense, he'd cut out your tongue, and maybe your eyes asnwell.\" By this time, Burbage's men had left, and several of the actors werenwatching the argument with some amusement. Will came to the rescue bynjumping in. \"All right! That's over, so back we go to rehearsal!\" Everyone nodded andndispersed to their separate places. Ned watched Ellen go backstage, glaringndaggers at her all the way. She'd gotten the last word in this battle ofnwits, but never again. Of that he would make sure.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: In Which there is Sobering News Later that night, everyone went to the Boar's Head, a local tavern,nto get drunk and rejoice about their victory over the Chamberlain's Men.nMargaret, however, did not go, because she did not like the prospect ofndrinking. Secretly, Ellen was glad to be rid of her for a while. Most ofnthe men, Ned included, snuk off with the tavern girls to have some fun,nwhile others grouped around tables getting drunk out of their minds. Willnand Thomas Kent were sitting across from each other, which Ellen found justna tad strange. She knew Will was married and had children, and she alsonknew that he got around, since his wife and children were in Stratford, andnhe was in London. Still, women were one thing, but men were quite another.nHowever, this observation was quickly forgotten after many pints of ale.nAfter about an hour, Mr. Fennyman, who was about as drunk as any of the mennthere, stood atop a table, and made an announcement. \"I have an announcement to make!\" he shouted, \"Master Shakespeare hasnoffered me the part of the apothecary in his new play!\" all this he saidnwhile teetering clumsily. \"The apothecary?\" laughed Mr. Henslowe, \"Will, you must give us comedy andna dog in your play, or we shall have to send you back to Stratford to yournwife!\" There was raucous drunken laughter after this. Then Thomas got upnand quickly walked out of the tavern. Ellen would have thought this to benstrange behavior, but she was too drunk to notice. All of a sudden, HenrynCondell, one of the actors, burst into the tavern. \"Kit Marlowe is dead!\" he shouted, desparingly. Every head in the roomnturned to Henry. \"He's been killed in a tavern brawl up north of here!\" The room fell deadnsilent. Ned Alleyn, who had appeared in the stairwell the second Marlowe'sndeath had been announced, looked absolutely shocked. \"Marlowe gave me one of my first parts. A great light has gone out.\" Asnsoon as he said this, an ashen Will Shakespeare ran out of the tavern andninto the rain. \"Good Lord!\" Ellen gasped, letting the reality of what had happened sinknin. She put a hand over her mouth. It was, indeed, hard to believe. KitnMarlowe, the author of Faustus, the playwright who had been so enormouslynpopular in recent weeks, was no longer alive. And he had been so young! Atnthe very least he had been 25, only six years older than Ellen herself.nEllen ran a hand through her red hair, a hard knot of exasperation formingnin her stomach. She watched as Ned put on his jacket and left the tavern.nEllen then got up and left herself. She didn't know exactly why, but shenfelt some sympathy for Ned, and wished to tell him so. As soon as Ellen stepped outside, she was completely soaked from thendownpour of rain that had been falling throughout the evening. \"NED!\" she shouted. Ned turned around, saw who it was, and continuednwalking. Ellen ran and caught up to him. \"Ned, look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry.\" \"I don't need your pity, Shrew,\" Ned grumbled angrily, and continuednwalking. \"Come on, Ned! For once in your life, don't be so thick! I'm only trying tonbe nice to you!\" \"Leave me alone, Ellen! I've already told you, you're pity's not welcomenhere. You'll get no friendship out of me.\" \"Ned, why do you hate me so much?\" but Ned didn't answer. He was alreadyngone. Ellen watched him as he left. Couldn't he at least try to realizenwhen she was trying to be nice to him? Why did he have to be so pompous allnthe time? He was no better than she was. Finally, Ellen decided she wasn'tngoing to take it. She ran again, and caught up with Ned. \"Look, you pompous fool!\" she said to him, \"I've asked you a question.nAnswer me!\" Ned remained silent. \"Come on! Say something! Why do you hatenme so much? Why do you always have to be so much more rude to me than tonthe other players?\" Ned whirled around on her. \"Do you want to know why? All right, I'll tell you. I can't stand younbecause you're the only person who's ever talked back to me. You're alwaysnready with a shrewish comment to throw back at me. In truth? I can't standnyou because you're too smart.\" \"What? Do you wish all your women to be as Margaret is? Silent, simple, andnstupid? Someone who doesn't like theater, but who thinks the sun rises andnsets in your britches?\" Ned paused, and looked at Ellen, perplexed.n \"Margaret? You think I love Margaret? She's a painted doll! She isnonly for looks.\" \"Then who do you love, Ned? Tell me. Is it truly possible for you to lovensomeone else more than you love yourself?\" Ned turned his back on Ellen. \"I have said too much,\" he said, and walked away. Ellen shook her head andnwalked in the opposite direction.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven: In which Truces are Made The next day was Marlowe's service. A few of the actors went, thoughnmost didn't. Ellen decided to go. Even if she had met Marlowe but once. Shenhad found him to be a nice fellow that one time, and that was all thatnmattered to her. At the service, Ellen stood to the side, with the rest ofnthe mourners. Young boys in bright red robes and skull caps came walkingnreverently down the asiles, singing in latin. Everywhere there was thensound of sniffling or crying. After the boys came a young woman and hernnurse, mourners who were late. Another, slightly older man watched themncoldly, while he stood on the other side, a smirk upon his face. There wasnsomething strange about the young woman, something familiar that Ellenncouldn't quite place. The man however, smirked only for a short time. Hisnface grew long and ashen, and he began to shout. \"Spare me, dear ghost! Spare me!\" he yelled, and ran out of the church.nEllen didn't understand why, for it was only Will Shakespeare that stoodnbehind her, where the man had been staring, and not Marlowe. True, Will didnlook a bit pale, but certainly not ghostly. The young woman that Ellen hadnbeen watching tore away from the crowd and moved softly behind everyone, tonwhere Will had been standing, and she, too, left the church. This wasngetting to be too curious for Ellen to take. She quietly said a quicknprayer for Marlowe's soul, and then she left as well, being as quiet asnhumanly possible, so as not to be noticed. Ellen found them standing off to the side of the sanctuary, in thenhallway reserved for confessions. Both Will and the young woman embraced.n \"Oh, Will,\" said the young woman, \"I thought you were dead!\" As soonnas the young woman spoke, Ellen knew where she'd known this woman from. Shenwas Thomas Kent. \" 'Tis worse,\" Will replied, looking absolutely and deadly serious, \"I'venkilled a man.\" Ellen didn't wait to hear anything more. She turned from thenscene and went back into the sanctuary, where a priest had begun chanting.nThis was a mystery indeed. What on earth did Will mean by saying that he'dnkilled a man? He couldn't possibly have killed Marlowe, since he'd been atnthe Boar's Head with them all night long. Besides, though he'd always beennenvious, Will wasn't one to kill a fellow playwright. It simply wasn'tndone. And why was the young woman dressing as Thomas Kent at the playhouse?nMany questions ran through Ellen's mind as the service continued. But rightnnow she needed to talk to Ned. She'd made a decision the night before thatnshe needed to discuss with him. Sure enough, Ellen found her man standingnnear the edge of the mourning group. She edged over to him. \"Ellen,\" \"Ned,\" \"Do you have a reason for coming over here?\" \"Yes. There's something that I've been meaning to talk to you about.\" \"Oh?\" \"Aye. I've been thinking it over for a while, and I've decided that wenshouldn't fight like this anymore.\" \"You mean call a truce?\" \"That's right. No more name calling and insulting unless it's meant as anjoke. In light of recent circumstances, it only seems right.\" Ned ponderednthis for a moment. \"I will agree.\" \"Good.\" \"On one condition.\" \"And what is that?\" Ellen asked. It was never enough for him. He always hadnto have something more. \" That you completely forget anything that was said or done last night. Wenwere all drunk, none of us knew what we were doing.\" \"That includes what happened in the tavern with the women?\" \"Including the women, yes.\" \"I can agree to that.\" \"Good.\" Ned stuck out his hand, and Ellen shook it. And that was that. Theynwere fighting no longer. But Ellen found it tempting not to bring up the subject, especiallynaround Margaret, who still refused to talk of anyone or anything elsenbesides Ned. It had been getting harder and harder to tune her out lately.nEllen just wanted to see if Margaret might give up on him if she told hernthat Ned was a womanizer. But she remembered the truce, and kept silent.[Chapter 8] Chapter Eight: In Which There is a Fight and a Revelation It was two days after Marlowe's service. Will gathered the actors aroundnthe stage, for today was the day that he'd finally finished the play. Henexplained the rest of the plot to the actors, while Margaret and Ellennlistened backstage. \"Romeo kills Tybalt, who killed Romeo's good friend Mercutio. Romeo isnbanished. The friar that married them, that's you, Edward, gives Juliet anpotion. It will make her seeming dead. After fourty two hours, she willnawake in the Capulet tomb, and Romeo will come to get her.\" The actors gavensatisfied nods of approval. \"I have not said all,\" Will continued, \"The message telling Romeo of thenFriar's plan goes astray. He hears only that Juliet is dead. He seeks annapothecary, from whom he buys a deadly poison.\" \"That's me,\" Mr. Fennyman said quietly. \"When he arrives at the Capulet tomb, he takes the poison, and he dies bynher side. Then, Juliet awakes, and, seeing her true love is dead, takes hisnknife, and kills herself.\" There was silence. Finally, Henslowe spoke. \"Well, that will have them rolling in the asiles!\" \"I have a blue cap that I think I should use for my part,\" Fennyman said,n\"I've seen such a cap on an apothecary.\" There was another awkward silence.nThen Ned spoke. \" 'Twill serve,\" he said, \"But there's a scene missing, between banishmentnand death.\" Will smiled. \"So there is, Ned. Thank you.\" Later that day, Thomas and Sam were practicing on stage. Ellen and Margaretnwere backstage putting the finishing touches on the Montague doublets,nwhich were very nearly finished. They were grand things, blue with silvernembroidery. The sleeve had a sort of cape at the elbow. Ellen was workingnon the hem when the door slammed open. The man from Marlowe's service, whonwas dressed very frivolously, stepped inside. He was wearing a green suit,nwith a matching hat perched precariously on his head. It bobbed as henwalked. \"SHAKESPEARE!\" the man shouted. \"Oh no, not again,\" Ellen muttered. \"What?\" Margaret looked up blankly. \"See for yourself,\" Ellen indicated the house. The cocky man drew hisnrapier. Will apparently recognized the man as well, apparently, because hendrew his as well. The man charged at Will, who fended him off. All thenactors standing in the house stepped backwards to give them room. Thomasnand Sam, lines all but forgotten, stood on the stage, watching the duel.nThomas, or whatever her name was, had a look of shock written upon hernface. Ellen had still not forgotten seeing her at Marlowe's service. Shenstill remembered that Thomas was not Thomas, but a woman. The fight had moved to the stage.n \"Out of the way!\" shouted Will to Thomas and Sam, who backed off. Thenstranger knocked the rapier from Will's hand, a look of triumph on hisnface. Margaret covered her face with her hands. Ellen clutched the curtainnnervously. Will pulled out a dagger, and grabbed a prop, a rattle, from thenstage. he shook it as he stood. The stranger put his rapier to Will'snthroat. Will himself continued to back up to the edge of the stage. Then henfell, banging his chin on the stage, and Thomas gasped. The strange mannjumped off the stage and stood over Will, who whacked the rapier from hisnhand and broke it in two, knocking his attacker over with it. He then drewnhis dagger and held it to the stranger's throat. \"To absent friends,\" he murmured, and then shouted, \"This is the murderernof Kit Marlowe!\" Ellen frowned. She had not thought that a nobleman wouldnhave had any relations with a playwright. The stranger spoke, nervously. \"I rejoiced in his death because I thought it was yours, that is all I knownof Marlowe!\" He tried to scuttle over to the door. Ned stepped forward. \"Will, it's true. Kit was killed in a tavern brawl. He got his own knife innthe eye. It was over the bill.\" \"The bill?\" Henslowe interjected, \"Oh! Vanity, vanity!\" \"Not the billing, the bill!\" Ned corrected. \"Oh thank God,\" Will stood up, \"I am free of it!\" The stranger stood up andnbacked towards the door, just as the master of the Revels, Mr. Tilney, camenin. \"Tilney!\" exclaimed the stranger, \"Close this theater! Take it down stonenby stone, I want to smash it into the ground!\" with this, he stormednoutside. Tilney came onto the stage. He was followed closely by a littlenboy, who Ellen recognized as one of the auditioners who hadn't been chosennfor the play. All of the actors were onstage now, and Ellen left backstage,nMargaret following her. They stood to the side. \"Who's that?\" she asked. \"I'll tell you later.\" \"Well, why's he here?\" \"I don't know, Margaret. Be quiet!\" Ellen hissed. \"This theater is closed!\" Tilney said. \"Why, may I ask, sir?\" Mr. Henslowe inquired, nervously. \"For displaying a woman on the public stage!\" Tilney walked over to Sam andnthrew his skirts up over his head. Everyone looked at him strangely. Nednraised an eyebrow. There was a high shriek from Thomas, as though somethingnhad been dropped down her back. She rubbed her hands back and forth throughnher wig to get whatever it was out, and the wig fell off, revealing hernlong blonde hair. \"Not him,\" said the ugly little boy, \"Her!\" he pointed at Thomas. Tilneynturned a very bright shade of red before saying, \"That's who I meant.\" He stormed off the stage.n \"Notice will be posted!\" he added. Ellen bit her lip. She knew thensecond she'd seen the woman at Marlowe's service that the charade of ThomasnKent was not going to last long. Everyone looked at Thomas in disbelief. Itnwas at this time that Mr. Fennyman chose to make his appearance. \"Everything all right?\" he asked, and then saw Thomas. \"Oh.\" Ned glanced atnHenslowe. \"Ned, I swear, I knew nothing of this,\" Henslowe said, in an effort to keepnhim from doing something impulsive. \"Nobody knew,\" Thomas said. \"He knew,\" the ugly boy said. Ellen groaned. Hadn't he left yet? But thenboy was not finished speaking. \"I saw him, kissin' her!\" Everyone looked at Will, who glared at the littlenboy. Ellen felt like throttling the little urchin. \"I'm so sorry, Mr. Henslowe,\" Thomas apologized. \"I'm so sorry, Will.\" shenlooked around, and left. As she left, Ned took his copy of the play andnripped it up, throwing it in Will's face. \"Come on,\" Ellen tugged at Margaret's sleeve, \"We've got some costumes tonclean up.\" \"You said you'd tell me who that man was,\" Margaret said, grabbing andress and taking it to the costume room. \"It hardly matters now, does it?\" Ellen snapped, \"The play's over! Donenwith!\" \"You mean it won't be preformed?\" \"That's right, brainy one. The theater's been closed, therefore there willnbe no play.\" \"Then there's no need for me?\" \"If you feel that way, then I would guess so,\" Ellen said angrily. \"Then I suppose I'll leave,\" Margaret sighed. Ellen gritted her teeth. \"Did this mean nothing to you?\" she asked, \"Did nothing here interest younwhatsoever?\" \"No, not really,\" Margaret sighed again. \"What about Ned? You liked him so much.\" Ellen folded a doublet. \"I suppose I liked him, for a while,\" Margaret said absentmindedly. \"You talked of nothing else,\" \"Did I? Ah well.\" \"Look, has something happened to you?\" \"My father announced to me this morning that he was marrying me off to ancloth merchant in Dover.\" \"Dover? Just so sudden? Just like that?\" Ellen asked, drop-jawed. \"I had met the man a couple of times, but Father mentioned nothing ofnmarriage until this morning.\" \"When do you leave?\" \"I marry two weeks from Sunday.\" \"So you're quitting? Just like that?\" \"I have to,\" Margaret handed Ellen her spool of thread and her needle.n\"It's been wonderful working here, but I'm not needed anymore. Goodbye,nEllen,\" she said. Ellen shook her hand. \"Goodbye, Margaret.\" Ellen folded the last tunic and left the costume room. The actorsnwere saying their goodbyes to the theater. It would have been the firstnever preformance that some of them had ever had. Ellen sniffed. Sure, shenwould always have a job here, but this had been a special job. So manynthings had happened. The show would have been wonderful.[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine: In Which there is a Pleasant Surprise Everyone gathered in the Boar's Head afterwards, for a bit of sympathyndrinking. Ellen sat next to Ned, and watched as he peered into his drink. \"I would have been great,\" muttered Fennyman to himself. \"We all would have been great,\" replied Ralph, his speech slurred withninebriation. He promptly passed out. \"You all would have loved your costumes,\" Ellen muttered. The door opened,nand Richard Burbage came in, followed by the Chamberlain's Men. He had hisnarm in a sling from the brawl four days ago. Everyone stood up. Burbagentook a deep breath and began to speak. \"The master of the revels despises us all for vagrants and peddlers ofnbombast. But my father, James Burbage, had the first license to make ancompany of players from Her Majesty, and he drew from poets, the literaturenof the age. We must show them that we are men of parts. Will Shakespearenhas a play. I have a theater. The Curtain is yours.\" Everyone looked atnBurbage in amazement. The show would go on after all! Henslowe got up andnshook Burbage's hand, thanking him time and time again. Ellen smiled. She'dnneed to ready the costumes for the move to their new temporary home.[Chapter 10] Chapter Ten: In Which the Play is Preformed Rehearsals continued at The Curtain until Sunday, which was the daynof the first preformance. Since he was the only person available who knewnthe lines, Will took the place of Thomas as Romeo. Everyone was excitednbackstage. Ellen presented everyone with their costumes, which they seemednto be very pleased with. \"What d'you think of the costumes, Ned?\" Ellen asked, handing him his.nThough the character of Mercutio was neither a member of the Capulet ornMontague families, Ellen had made a Montague doublet, to save work. \"Well made, though I think I see a flaw,\" Ellen elbowed him playfully. \"I suppose any compliment out of you, however small, is to be appriciated.\"nEllen grinned. \"Where has Margaret been these few days?\" \"She left when the theater closed.\" \"Why?\" \"Firstly, she didn't think she was needed here anymore, and secondly, hernfather told her that morning that she was to be married to a cloth merchantnfrom Dover a week from today.\" \"Oh.\" Ellen could tell Ned felt slightly embarrassed about having flirtednwith Margaret before. There was noise to their left, and they looked to seenWill and Sam discussing something. \"It's not my fault, master Shakespeare, I could do it yesterday,\" Samnprotested. Ellen gasped. Sam's voice had finally changed. He now soundednmore like a deep-voiced man, and less like the high-pitched young lady henwas to play. \"Oh, God, we are doomed!\" Ned grumbled. \"Not to worry, Ned. All will turn out well,\" Ellen reassured him, though,nin truth, she wasn't so sure herself. \"How, might I ask?\" \"I, er, I don't know. It's a mystery.\" Ellen smiled nervously, as Henslowenbrushed past. \"What time is it?\" Ned wondered aloud. In answer, the bells from the churchnrang three times. It was time for the play to begin. Juliet or no Juliet,nthe show would have to continue. Ned got up to signal the theater'sntrumpeters to begin playing. This signified the beginning of the show. Thencurtains opened, and Will shoved Mr. Wabash, the narrator, on. He wasnwearing a purple suit with a four-cornered hat, a costume that Ellen wasnparticularly proud of. The only problem was that Mr. Wabash had a terriblenstutter. Ellen gritted her teeth and prayed silently that he wouldn't screwnup. \"Tuh-tuh,\" stuttered Wabash. Ellen dropped her head into her palm. Thenwhole show down the tubes. This was the beginning of the end. Outside, somenof the crowd began tittering. \"Tuh, tuh,\" Wabash tried again, failing pitifully, and then, miraculously,nit came out. \"Two households,\" he burst out, \"Both alike in dignity. From old grudgenbreak forth new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. Fromnthis fray, a pair of star-crossed lovers take their lives, and, with theirndeath, doth bury their parents' strife!\" Wabash continued. Everyone's looksnof doom and gloom broke and faded into smiles of happy relief. The onlynother problem was Sam. But that wasn't for another twenty pages, and Ellennhoped that Henslowe could find a replacement Juliet by that time. \"Come on, Henslowe!\" Ellen whispered frantically. \"Why do you care so much?\" Ned asked. \"I may only be the costumer, but I'm still a part of this, Ned. I want tonsee it off right,\" she replied, \"besides, you're my friend now. I don'tnwish you ill any longer. You know that.\" \"Hmm. Friend. Odd word, that,\" Ned mused. \"Very funny, Mercutio. Better to shut your mouth for once and watch thenstage. You wouldn't want to miss you cue,\" Ellen paused a second, \"Wouldnyou?\" \"Of course not.\" There was a stirring backstage, and Henslowe appeared, andnwith him was none other than the young woman who had masqueraded as ThomasnKent. \"Is that?\" Ellen started. \"It is. A woman. We are doomed!\" \"But she'll know the lines, Ned!\" \"That doesn't matter. Even if we do a good preformance, according to thenlaw, we're headed for jail!\" \"Ah. A minor drawback, yes. We should enjoy our freedom while we stillncan.\" Onstage, the nurse and lady Capulet were talking. \"What lark?\" Ralph called out, \"What ladybird? Juliet?\" Henslowe pushed Samnout of the way, and pushed Thomas on. \"How now, nurse? Who calls?\" Everyone was deathly silent. Even the actorsnon stage were absolutely shocked. \"Your mo-,\" Ralph forgot himself, and then corrected himself, using hisnfalsetto voice, \"Your mother.\" The scene continued flawlessly. Burbagenstood next to Henslowe backstage. \"They'll throw us in the clinks!\" he exclaimed. \"See you in jail, then,\" Henslowe replied, and they left. \"Next scene is mine,\" Ned got up. \"Break a leg, Ned,\" Ellen whispered, He nodded, and then joined Will at thenside of the stage. Everything else continued in a blur. The dancing, the balcony scene,nthe marriage of Romeo and Juliet, and then, Ned's death scene. \"By my head, here come the Capulets,\" George said. Ellen had heard thesenlines a thousand times before, but she felt as though she were hearing themnagain for the first time. \"By my heel,\" Ned replied, \"I care not.\" \"Gentlemen!\" Armitage said, still in his deep manly voice that he put onnfor this part, \"A word with one of you.\" \"A word with one of us? Nay sir, let's make it a word and a blow.\" \"Mercutio, thou consortest with Romeo.\" And so it went on. Then Willnappeared, and the fighting began. \"Good Mercutio, no!\" Will shouted, coming between Ned and Armitage. Asnrehearsed, Ned got stabbed, and fell against one of the supporting columnsnof the stage. Will ran to him. \"Courage, man! The hurt cannot be much!\" \"Nay, 'tis a scratch, but 'twill serve. Ask for me tomorrow, and you shallnfind me a grave man,\" Ned pretended to gasp for breath. There was a pause,nand then, \"A PLAGUE on both your houses!\" Ned shouted, \"They have made worms' meat ofnme!\" and then he died. Will, in a rage, got up to challenge Armitage. \"Tybalt! Mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads! Draw if younbe a man!\" and they went at it. A couple of times, Armitage stabbed atnWill, then raised his hands above his head in a triumphant stance, to thenbooing of the groundlings that stood below. Will stabbed him back, at last,nand Armitage fell to the ground, pretending to bleed. Then he died. All ofnthe other Montague kinsmen retreated, carrying Ned with them. But Georgenstayed with Will. Ellen watched as they carried Ned off stage.\"How was it?\" he askednwhen they had set him down. \"Well, it was all right, I guess.\" Ned pulled out the blunted rapier he'dnbeen using on stage. \"The truth now, or I shall run you through.\" \"Ned, that's blunted.\" \"So it is. Tell me how I did.\" \"In truth? You did a wonderful job. I never thought I'd see you in ansmaller part than lead, but you did well.\" They sat backstage and listenednintently to the dialogue. With Will and Thomas playing the main parts,nthere was more beauty in it than there had ever been in rehearsals. Finallyncame the last scene, where both Romeo and Juliet were in the tomb together.nRomeo took the poison that the Apothecary, Mr. Fennyman, had given him. \"Here's to my love!\" shouted Will. He lifted the vial high, and took thenpoison. \"True, Apothecary,\" Will strained, truly sounding as though he had takennpoison, \"Thy drugs are quick.\" he leaned over and kissed Juliet softly.n\"Thus with a kiss, I die,\" he said, and lay down, twitching a bit beforenactually dying. And then, there was a gasp from the crowd. Juliet hadnawaken. \"Where is my love?\" she asked, \"I remember well where I should be, andnthere I am. Where is my Romeo?\" There was a call from the audience. \"Dead!\" cried a single, desparing voice. Juliet turned around to see Romeondead. \"What's this? A cup, closed in my true love's hand? Poison, I see, hathnbeen his timeless end.\" she paused for a moment, and then there was a soundnof steel as she raised Romeo's dagger, as well as a gasp from the crowd. \"Oh, happy dagger!\" she cried desparingly, \"This is they sheath!\" Julietnstabbed herself in the stomach, and a red scarf came tumbling out,nresembling blood. Ellen smirked, proudly. That part had been her idea. \"There rust,\" continued Juliet, \"and let me die.\" she collapsed, dead. Thenroom lay dead silent. Then, Wabash reappeared, and made his closing speech. \"Some are pardoned, some punished. For never was a story of more woe, thannthat of Juliet, and her Romeo.\" He bowed low. The play was finished. Therenwas absolute silence. And then, a single clap from the audience, followednby peals of applause and cheering. They loved it! The crowd loved the play!nEllen couldn't wipe the grin off of her face. Ned sat, amazed.[Chapter 11] Chapter Eleven: In Which Everything Ends \"Go on then!\" Ellen pushed him, \"Go on! take your bows!\" Ned got up, andntook bows with the rest of the players. There was a whistle, and, althoughnEllen couldn't see, she knew it was Henslowe. But then, it all turnednblack. Through the back door of the theater, flanked by guards, came nonenother than Mr. Tilney. But Ellen wasn't about to let him past. \"Mr. Tilney, I beseech you, don't go out there,\" she tried. \"Stand aside, you insolent girl!\" Tilney brushed past her and came out onnthe stage. The guards stamped their spear butts on the floor twice, andnchanted, \"God save the queen!\" and there was silence. Ellen edged on stage.nNed caught her eye, and frowned. Ellen shrugged helplessly. \"I arrest you all in the name of Queen Elizabeth!\" announced Tilney. \"Arrest, who, sir?\" Richard Burbage stormed through the crowd and onto thenstage. \"All of you! The Admiral's Men, The Chamberlain's Men, your writer, yournseamstress,\" he indicated Ellen, \"and all of you involved in this publicndisplay of disrespect!\" He shouted. \"And why?\" Burbage asked, though everyone knew very well why. \"That woman is a woman!\" he shouted, pointing at Ralph, though he meant tonpoint at Thomas. \"What?\" Ned asked, \"That goat?\" Ralph looked taken aback. Ellen giggled,nbut stopped when someone else interjected. \"Mr. Tilney!\" shouted Queen Elizabeth, \"Have a care with my name, you willnwear it out.\" Everyone bowed low as the Queen approached the stage. \"I do not attend public displays of disrespect,\" Queen Elizabeth said, \"Sonsomething is out of joint. Master Kent, come here.\" Thomas stepped forwardnand bowed low, in the actor's stance. \"Yes, the allusion is remarkable,\" said the Queen, \"But I know something ofna woman in a man's profession. Yes, by God I do. That's quite enough fromnyou, Master Kent.\" Thomas stepped back. \"And master Shakespeare,\" she said to Will, \"Next time you come tonWhitehall, come as yourself, and we shall talk some more.\" Ellen raised anneyebrow. What on earth did she mean by that? \"If only Lord Wessex were here,\" Queen Elizabeth said. \"He is, your majesty, right there!\" The ugly little urchin boy pointed tonthe upper gallery, where the cocky man who'd fought Will was trying to getnaway. He turned around, sheepishly, and approached the front of thengallery. \"I believe we had a wager,\" said the Queen, \"You lost it today.\" And shenleft. So did Wessex, leaving through the gallery. The actors on stage leftnas well, all except Will, who stayed behind. Ellen caught up with Ned. \"So, we're not going to jail?\" \"It would seem not,\" Ned replied, looking absolutely relieved. The actorsngrouped outside, as did Thomas, and watched as Lord Wessex came out to meetnQueen Elizabeth. \"Your Majesty,\" he said, bowing low. \"Lord Wessex. Lost your wife so soon?\" Wessex nodded. \"It seems that I am a bride short. And my boat sails for Virginia on thenevening tide.\" Ellen raised her eyebrows again. Thomas was married tonWessex? Since when? And why did they have to go to Virginia? And what wasnthis wager about? As events commenced, Ellen found all her questions wouldnhave to remain unanswered. \"I am sorry, your majesty,\" said Wessex, \"But, how is this to end?\" \"As all stories must, when love's denied,\" said the Queen, \"With tears andna journey. But those whom God has joined in marriage, even I cannot putnasunder. How much was our wager, Lord Wessex?\" \"Fifty shillings,\" Wessex lied, and then, \"pounds.\" \"Give it to Master Kent,\" the Queen told him, \"He will send it rightfullynhome. Master Kent,\" Elizabeth turned to Thomas, \"As I fortold, Lord Wessexnhas lost his wife at the playhouse. Go, make your farewells, and send hernout.\" Thomas, tears in her eyes, bowed to the Queen, turned, and wentninside, with Wessex's purse in hand. As she did so, the Queen left, andnwent to her carriage. Then it was all over. \"What are you looking at?\" Wessex looked around apprehensively. Everyonendispersed, and most headed in the direction of the Boar's head. \"Well, that wasn't exactly 'love triumphant' in any sense,\" Ellen said,ngloomily. \"It would seem that way,\" Ned replied. \"Speaking of love, Ned, you never answered my question the other night. Isnthere anybody whom you do love?\" Ellen asked. Ned paused a moment beforensaying, \"I don't think you need me to answer that.\" \"Yes I do,\" started Ellen, and then stopped walking, realizing the exactnmeaning of what he'd just said. \"Oh.\" Ned smiled at her. \"So, Mistress Ellen, are you joining me or not?\" Ellen didn't even need tonthink her answer over. \"Always, Ned! Always!\" and ran to him. ","Summary":" Chapter one: In which we are introduced to our heroine. Ellen was a seamstress. She really wanted t"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"Galaxy Quest: Return to the Void","Author":"Patupi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10398133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Aaand CUT!\" yelled the director. With a sigh the cast and crew (in more ways than one) of the NTE Protector relaxed once more. \"Tell me that take was acceptable?\" Alex said raising his eyebrows emphatically. \"Daney babey! Don't worry, we'll take that slip right out in editing no trouble.\" Alexander Dane's eyes focused to slits at this, but he fumed in silence. \"OK people, that's a wrap, and I'm outa here.\" With a familiar flurry the director dashed out with barely another word and most of the cast's eyes followed his departure with resignation. \"What do you think?\" Jason muttered to Gwen as she pulled bits of Styrofoam 'debris' from her hair. \"Natasha or Betty this week?\" \"Jason, you're so out of touch. I'm sure it's a very essential business brothel... I mean meeting that he has to attend.\" \"Aaah, why didn't I think of that?\" A slap on his shoulder from his rib headed 'alien' cast member jolted Jason. \"Do you really want me to answer that Jason?\" Alex said. With a chuckle Jason slapped Alex on the back as they joined the other crew heading out to their respective rooms to change out of costume. \"Excuse me Mr Nesmith?\" Jason turned to see a short man in a rather worn tweed jacket. \"How did you get in here? Look autographs are on Tuesday if you could...\" \"Mr Nesmith?\" The man interrupted \"I'm not a 'fanboy' or Questar or whatever.\" \"Questerion. It's pronounced Questerion Mr...?\" \"Lang. Mr Obidia Lang. Call me Obby.\" \"Oookay. So... Obby... to what do we owe the pleasure?\" Jason said with a practiced grin. 'Obby' looked around, and waited while the everyone except Jason, Alex and Gwen had left the set. Jason found that odd in itself. Why wasn't someone clearing up the set like they usually did? \"Mr Nesmith, I represent the Atlas Foundation and we wish to hire your crew.\" \"Look, we're in syndication right now and have some serious deadlines. I'm afraid I don't think we can fit in any specials at the moment.\" Mr Lang smiled and straightened his short black hair idly. \"I think you might be interested in my offer Jason. Malthazar seemed to think you were our best bet so...\" \"Malthazar?\" Jason said, all humor lost from his voice as his eyes locked with Mr Lang \"Who the hell are you and where are you from?\" \"Please, trust me I am human, mostly. Myself and the Foundation have been dealing with things along the lines of your run in with Sarris, though purely on Earth, for decades. Perhaps we should gather the 'cast' together and talk a little more informally? I'd like to see the reception room on the Command Section if you don't mind?\" The three cast glanced askance at each other for a couple of seconds before Jason shrugged. \"OK, Obby. Let's go 'on-set'.\" Mr Lang smiled again and Jason got the distinct impression he knew all too well that the Command Section was NOT a set. After a few minutes Obby and the real command crew of the NTE Protector (minus Laliari) sat around the oval table in the reception room. Tommy was just sitting down, arguing quietly with Alex. \"He's what? Oh come on, this is just some sort of Questerion thing right?\" \"Trust me, this is more than that. Though where it's going...?\" and Alex shrugged. Once they were all seated Obby rested his elbows on the table. \"Thank you for meeting me like this. I know this is a little odd, but I felt secrecy was important. Your staff has gone home early by the way.\" he held up a hand at the anxious looks around the table. \"No, nothing untoward going on. I just wanted to be sure no-one would butt in on this meeting. Gentlemen and Lady, I am here to offer you the command of the next Protector.\" The stunned looks around the table lasted for several seconds. \"You have got to be kidding!\" Alex Dane said pushing back in his chair. \"We're ACTORS, not military! What, you expect us to beat the xenoforms of Belox 9 by giving a rendition of episode 8? Give me strength!\" \"Wait up a minute Alex.\" Jason said, not noticing the annoyed look from Alex. \"Obby. First, what do you mean by 'the next Protector'?\" Mr Lang stood up and pulled out a small crystal from his pocket and handed it to Gwen. \"If you could get the computer to display the file on that Ms Demarco?\" Gwen looked at Jason, Jason raised an eyebrow and nodded. \"Computer, display file from memory crystal in slot 72.\" she said, putting the crystal in a slot on the table. A hologram appeared above the table, solid looking, but looking somehow... fake. It seems the Thermians had also copied the special effects from the original series which employed painted overlays. The ship in the hologram looked impressive, but did not resemble the Protector in any way. It looked more like a cross between a naval warship and a NASA space station with eight huge cylindrical looking engines on the rear. More than anything it reminded Jason of an office block on it's side. \"This is our current ship design, and no this is not the Protector. This is the AFS Dauntless. It is an in-system defense vessel we use to guard Earth, one of three such craft. Her sister ships are the Indefatigable and the Ajax, but the Ajax is incomplete at present. We plan on using most of the Ajax's internal components already built, combined with items made from the emergency Fabricators on your Command Section and items that we can assemble ourselves to your specs. Basically we plan to build this. Image two Gwen?\" \"Computer, display image two.\" The display switched to an accurate rendition of the NTE Protector. Mr Lang walked around the table behind Fred Kwang to get close to the hologram and reached out. \"These specs are incomplete, read from your... ah, more public archives. We cracked your human built computers and I believe you transferred some files there? Anyway, if you consent to giving us your technical specs we should be able to complete this ship, our first trans-light craft, though we'll have to use your Command Section as several components here we can't reproduce at all. We've had some luck duplicating the different Particle Cannons but had to go with a fusion reactor rather than a Beryllium Sphere...\" \"Wait wait wait a minute!\" Jason said standing up. \"You need our design to build this thing? That's why you need us to crew it? A trade?\" Mr Lang shook his head. \"No Mr Nesmith. Frankly the Foundation Council would much rather they assembled their own crew on an entirely military basis and simply pay you for the rights to use the data you have in your computers, even if that meant using our own equipment to build the bridge computer and sensor systems. Our factories most certainly are not up to Thermian standards in that matter. Honestly without the assistance of your Fabricators lots of small details on the ship would be vastly inferior to the vessel you flew. The idea to use you as the command crew for the new ship was mine. Perhaps I'd better go over some history of the Foundation? That may help explain things a little better.\" \"We were founded in England in 1919 to look into a large number of unidentified airships. Yes, back then the ones we got looked like zeppelins if you can believe that. The Foundation was set up separately from the government for several reasons; funding (we were supposed to at least partly find funding in the private sector), deniability if something went wrong, and of course privacy. We wanted all that 'weird' stuff away from normal government channels. Oh those were the days.\" Mr Lang blinked for a moment and Jason and Alex gave each other odd looks while he continued. \"At first it looked quite good. We identified many different vessels, realized they definitely were not from Earth and had even started classifying them into categories, though we had no communication with any of them. Then in 1922 the incidents slowed, finally stopping entirely in February 1923. Looking back the incidents seemed to have risen slowly over the nineteenth century peaking by about 1900 then slowly falling. Soon we found out why.\" \"Wait a minute.\" Jason interrupted \"Flying saucers stopped in the twenties? What about Roswell? All the 1950's saucer stuff?\" \"Please let me tell this my way. I'll get to all that in time. Where was I? Oh yes. The Al'thu-Sval. We later found that the other races that were looking Earth over at that time were basically scared off by the Al'thu-Sval. Basically they're Space Vampires.\" \"Oh good grief!\" Alex groaned, throwing his hands in the air. \"Surely you could come up with something better than that! That could have come right out of one of our old episodes!\" \"I don't think we actually had any space vampires?\" Guy Fleegman said cautiously \"Although the G'donk makeup sort of looked a little like a reptilian vampire? Maybe.\" \"Reptilian vampire?\" Jason said \"What have you been smoking? I nearly made love to one of those G'donk! Er, Commander Taggart did I mean.\" \"Gentlemen!\" Mr Lang said, banging on the table. \"Look I know this is hard to believe, but if you asked someone out there to believe that you lot, the actors on a TV scifi show, had just saved an alien race from destruction, a race that mimicked your own TV show to save themselves from sociological and cultural decline... would you believe it?\" He glanced slowly around the table as the crew settled down once more. \"Thank you. Well, in August 1923 they arrived. We had agents across all of the then British Empire and got some news of several incidents, sightings mostly, of a single, small, unknown 'airship' that moved in a similar impossibly fast fashion as previous UFOs had. It was described as spherical, dull silver and featureless. We thought that aliens had been leaving our world, and now were being proved wrong. We started to rapidly organize a meeting to attempt to greet these newcomers to our world. Thankfully we did not get that organized in time. Our organization was terribly naive back then. On August '23 the Sval ship found an ocean going vessel in the Atlantic that it found interesting. Later examination of their records show they believed it to be some kind of local transport and were considering hauling people off it for dissection... shortly before the HMS Indefatigable fired off a broadside of their main guns at it.\" \"They mistook a warship for a transport?\" Fred asked, grinning. \"Yes, they were incredibly arrogant and naturally didn't think anything this primitive world could throw at them would even dent them, thus did not engage their Electron armor. Six, 10 inch, armor piercing incendiary shells smashed most of their engineering section away and the wreck plunged into the Atlantic. It stayed afloat for a few minutes and some of the crew did get off. The Indefatigable picked up one of the crew, and their marines had a terrible time restraining him, despite him being half drowned. The others swam ashore, or simply drifted ashore unconscious and waited till their bodies repaired themselves. They are a very hardy species.\" Mr Lang walked around the table as he spoke and now paused directly opposite Jason. \"It took us a total of seven years to finally catch all of the crew, and at great cost to our agents... myself included.\" Jason glanced back and forth from Fred to Obby. \"You... you were one of those agents? You seem a little spry for a Ninety year old?\" \"Hundred and fifteen actually, and yes I had a run in with one of the Sval that left me permanently scarred. No, in case you were wondering they do not bite you to make you a vampire. They mostly seem to drain energy from their victims by simply gabbing hold of you and not letting go. However we did later learn that they had a technological means to turn other sentients into their servants. They had lost most of their equipment and were testing locally built equivalents (most of our early hardware was based on salvaged versions of their stuff) and tested some of their systems on me when they captured me. At the time we thought possibly an effort to make new slaves out of humans. It was, of course, based on their biology and the results were... unpleasant, and needless to say I did not turn into their slave.\" Obby coughed slightly, fingering his collar before continuing. \"Anyway, that is old news. The Sval, as I said, had scared away most of the other races nearby. They were fairly advanced and the rough equivalent of mobsters in the galactic community. Once we dealt with the remains of their crew we pretty much had the Earth to ourselves once more. Naturally by this time we had amassed a large amount of advanced technology, small stuff the Sval had salvaged from their craft before swimming away, as well as things they built here on Earth, and our connection with the British government was... somewhat distant. Frankly those in power that did know about us had either left their jobs or died and it was a simple matter to sever ties with England completely and go independent. You see the Foundation had decided that no single government on Earth should hold such power as we were amassing. The following years of World War Two pretty much proved that to us. We aided the allies a little here and there, (not as much as I would have liked) but mostly held back. You might gather that the Foundation has a somewhat separatist view of themselves, but their goal is still primarily the defense of Earth from aliens.\" At this Lang paused, seemingly gauging the response to his speech. \"OK, and then in the fifties?\" \"Well, Once other races started probing this area of space and weren't repulsed by the Sval they began investigating once more. We're aren't sure if there were more Sval ships in the neighborhood apart from the one that crashed, but no more were seen after that. Perhaps they simply assumed we were too much of a risk and moved on? Anyway, governments around the globe began to set up organizations of their own to find out about the new aliens turning up, Project Blue Book etc, but the Atlas Foundation had a head start and had the captured Sval equipment. We basically ran rings around them, still do. We don't affiliate ourselves with any government but have built two space warships to defend the Earth and were building a third when we learned of the Thermian's visit. Their means of transport eluded us unfortunately or we might have been able to help out, but in the last month we have deciphered the encoding of your vox's and made contact with Malthazar.\" At Jason's worried look he held his hands up, smiling \"Don't worry! We didn't break your little secret. They still think the NSEA is real etc. Though the Foundation wanted to be more open with them I persuaded them otherwise. We needed the Thermian's help, but they have not been as forthcoming as I might like. It seems they are leaving this area of space and are looking for a safer place to live. Can't say I blame them frankly.\" Leaning over the table Mr Lang stared at Jason. \"And this brings us back to you. Malthazar seems willing to share intel on the local area, but his recent experience with other races has left him... unwilling to trust us without knowing more. One thing we would like you to do is contact him and ask for data on the various races nearby and possible threat levels. We think he will trust you. We don't want to run into another Sarris out there on our first mission!\" \" Our first mission, right?\" Jason said pointedly. \"I would hope so, yes. Look, I'll be frank with you. The Foundation Council is not happy with this but I have a great deal of sway there and I'm forcing the issue.\" From the way Obidia paused Jason got the feeling he was leaving a lot out. Not comforting! \"But the only way they'll let you command the Protector 3 is... with assistants.\" Alex winced and glanced at Jason as he spoke. \"These assistants, would they perchance be the original crew your council wanted to run the ship?\" Mr Lang stood back up and his expression became more serious. \"Actually, yes.\" \"And, hypothetically, would these crew, oh I don't know... be actually trained to run the ship?\" Alex continued. \"Look, Mr Dane. I'm aware that you are actors and not starship personnel, but you have already proven that you work well together, can cope with the unknown, and have experience with the technology involved. Frankly there is another issue. Your 'assistants' are mostly military in background from all across the globe but are not... well versed outside military matters. I'm worried that no-one on the proposed crew... I mean your assistants, has any diplomacy skills, is interested at all in relating peacefully with beings they might meet, or has much in the way of background in science fiction either. Our history with aliens has been a rather violent one in which we not only have been barely holding our own, but also desperate to not let the public in on it for fear of making a mass panic.\" \"You want us,\" Alex said, staring out of the corner of his eye at Jason \"to be diplomats? You don't suppose you could actually get someone trained in that? Maybe... not actors?\" Hands slammed to the table and everyone jumped. \"OK, let me lay this on the line for you. This is my last chance to derail what I believe is the Council's worst mistake in the Foundation's history. I've used every last favor I have to get you lot to be in charge of the ship. This is the only chance I have. Do you accept?\" \"Hey, I'm in.\" Fred said, popping an M&M; in his mouth. Jason looked around the table, first at Gwen. \"I have been working on the computer.\" she said slowly, pondering for a moment longer. \"OK, I'll help.\" Alex frankly looked stunned at her response, but Jason, then the rest of the crew, turned their gaze to Tommy. \"So, I guess I'll be working with some hot shot NASA pilot? I can live with that.\" Then on Guy. \"Who'll be my... assistant? A marine?\" he said, but his nervous expression got more self conscious as he glanced around at the others. \"Oh come on. I'm no soldier!\" \"You're a security officer,\" Jason put it, \"Besides, I've seen you practicing with the Nebulizer pistols, you probably could show the guy a thing or two.\" \"Just as long as this doesn't end up as a flashback episode.\" Guy said tiredly. \"I hate flashback episodes!\" All eyes then landed on Alex. \"I can't be a scientist! I'm schooled in drama, not physics!\" \"But Alex, Lazarus was more than just a science officer, he acted as our ambassador with aliens in... a lot of situations\" Gwen winced, Thankfully out of sight of Alex \"and besides, you know that science console pretty well by now.\" \"Glorified sensor tech?\" He muttered, then continued more loudly. \"For god's sake Jason, I am not wearing this annoying headpiece for a damn five year mission!\" Alex grimaced, lurching out of his seat and leaning over Jason with a foul expression. Jason looked back up pleadingly at him. \"Well, I think, even if we are dealing with Malthazar... we can...\" He turned to Gwen, willing her to help out. \"Mr Lang, how soon will we have to board the Protector 3?\" Gwen asked. \"If everything goes as predicted and your Fabricators help as I hope, then probably about two months.\" \"Fine,\" Gwen said, \"I think we can assume Malthazar is still watching the show, so all we have to do is introduce a plot device, right? Something happens to Lazarus to... make him look more human?\" \"Yeah!\" Jason said, picking up from Gwen. \"Some sort of anomaly, you fight a human rebel or something, and cast him into the anomaly but get caught yourself... then blend with him. It could work?\" \"And I won't have to eat beetles?\" Gwen and Jason shake their heads. \"I'm sure more human tastes can be worked into the story line.\" Alex slowly moved his gaze nervously around the table. \"We're seriously going to do this?\" He said, finally ending up looking at Jason. \"You know what happened last time. We nearly died.\" \"But this time we'll have guys who have been in space helping. Come on Alex, it'll be great!\"[Chapter 2] \"Hey Elle.\" Fred said, smiling wistfully as he entered the crowded engineering deck. He glanced up and ducked before hitting his head this time. The 'deck' was basically a crawlspace under the bridge. \"Hello tech sergeant Chen. It is good to see you.\" Laliari said, smiling distantly. \"It's Fred Elle. Try to remember.\" He said, still attempting to get her to call him by his real name. \"So, Elle. I have some... friends, who want to, you know, mess around in here. That OK?\" Laliari blinked. \"They wish to mess around with us?\" Fred's eyes slowly drifted upwards, defocussing into the distance, a light smile crossing his face briefly. \"Um, another time maybe. Right now they want to, you know, see how things work. Machinery etcetera. Learn some stuff.\" \"This is cadet training?\" she said. \"Um, OK... cadet training. Sure. Maybe we can, show them the ionic recali.. recalci... Those purple things. You know the stuff that makes things.\" \"The Ionic Reclamators? Of course tech sergeant Chen. I will explain what I can to your cadets.\" Fred sighed, forgoing another attempt at getting his real name out of her. Maybe one day. \"Yeah, well, I think they'll be around tomorrow, or something. I'll let you know.\" \"This will be ready for tomorrow's recreation.\" Laliari said, changing the subject and waving up at the conduits she had been working on. \"They will now project numerous carbonic arcs and incendiary sparks that are visually impressive but pose no risk to crew members. Is that sufficient?\" \"Yeah, the bridge crew like a little spectacle.\" Walking out in the sunshine, sunglasses on, Jason clicked his key fob and grinned. Yeah, Mercedes C class! Oh it was good to have money again! \"Jason, JASON!\" Tiredly Jason closed his eyes. This wasn't going to be good. He fixed a smile on his face and turned around as Alex came to a halt, puffing as he leaned on Jason's car. \"Hi Alex, how's it going?\" Alex merely fixed a stare back at him. \"Jason, tell me this is some sort of prank. You can't be serious about it.\" \"Hey, you agreed as long as you ditch the forehead thing.\" Jason quipped back, peering over his glasses at Alex. \"But this is real. We could get killed!... Again!\" \"Uuuuh, I think you can only do that once Alex.\" \"You know what I mean! God you can be so annoying sometimes!\" Alex drew a breath and managed to calm himself. \"Look, we can just give them the machinery, let their people man the ship. We don't have to do this!\" Jason sighed and placed a hand on Alex's shoulder, staring fixedly into his eyes. \"Yes, we do. You know the motto. 'Never give up, never surrender!' \" \"It's a motto on the show, not real life. We've done that once. Fine, we lived through it, now please will you not throw us back into the fire again?\" \"No can do Alex. Papers already signed.\" \"What? Since when? Wait, I didn't sign anything for this?\" \"Uh, yeah, you did. Those slips to do with tomorrows shoot. Well, lets say something got slid in there hmm?\" Seeing the glare of anger swelling on Alex's face Jason quickly continued \"Don't worry, it's just a quick trip to see Malthazar. Shake down cruise, bit of a flight, teach the new guys our tricks, some chatting and we come home. No trouble!\" \"Jason, this is ridiculous. Have you stopped to ponder why this Obidia wants actors on his ship? I don't believe for a moment it's just to oust the military personnel. There has to be a hidden motive behind this!\" \"Alex, you're starting to sound like Guy. Conspiracies don't lay around every corner. Look, I've gotta go. See you tomorrow. Don't worry, we'll get rid of the ridges, promise.\" He said, sliding into his car and shutting the door. Alex fumed, standing there as Jason waved, then revved the car up and drove off. \"AND NO BUGS! I'M NOT EATING ANY BUGS!\" he yelled after him. \"Damned idiot.\" \"Fire blue particle cannons!\" 'Captain Taggart' said as the stage shook, him leaning forward in his chair, gripping the arm rests. \"They're still coming.\" Dr Lazarus said calmly. \"Our plasma armor is weakening. Forty percent.\" The stage shook again. \"Thirty percent. The odds are not in our favor commander.\" On the view screen an ugly ship of multiple lumps and bumps, almost looking organic, screamed towards them, spitting energy weapons fire and missiles. Lt Madison looked anxiously at Taggart before speaking up. \"Computer, status of Protector.\" \"Minor hull damage in sectors E through J, deck seven. Stress overload on primary magnetic cohesion axes.\" Lt Madison shook her head. \"It's bad, but so far no hull breaches at least Commander.\" Another shake of the set as the 'ship' was hit once more, making the crew hold on to keep their balance. Sparks blew on a panel by the wall, Laliari's handiwork spewing harmless pyrotechnics over Lazarus. Flinching, but never wavering in his duty, he continued monitoring the systems. Commander Taggart turned back to him seriously. \"Dr Lazarus, We've gotta be able to breach their armor. Try tuning the cannons again.\" \"I'm afraid it's no good captain. They're blocking our sensors. I can't locate their armor frequency.\" Chief Ingersol cocked his head then ran over to Lazarus' console. \"Wait, armor frequency? When we boarded them before they had their defense panels lit, just before they noticed us.\" \"Can you recall the exact number?\" Lazarus said, staring intently at Ingersol. Gus concentrated for a moment, staring off into space. \"They switched the panel off pretty quick... I... think so. 592... 4 point...27. Yeah, 27, I'm sure of it!\" Lazarus started typing the numbers in, then grimaced. \"Commander, the frequency is beyond the limit of our particle cannons. I'll have to go to engineering and retrofit a Ionic Lancer projectile.\" Commander Taggart nodded, focused on the screen. \"Go, make it quick Lazarus. Lt Laredo, see if you can pull us away. Go for defensive maneuver MJ12\" \"Yes sir commander!\" Laredo replied with a grin, and suddenly the crew was thrown around again as she ship spun and jinked. \"We've got to give Lazarus enough time!\" Taggart said... as the camera closed in on his face. \"Aaaand cut! OK, break for an hour then we'll do the engineering scene.\" The director said, then turned towards Alex. \"Daney baby, you're doing great! Now remember, you've gotta increase the tension, build it right to the moment when the bad guys digitize you off the ship. It's gotta throw the viewer. Coming right out of left field. Just when everyone thinks you've won.\" Alex rolled his eyes, but just nodded and smiled acidly. Slowly the rest of the film crew left the set, most of the cast congregating in corner of the room. \"So, everyone been practicing?\" Jason said when they were alone. \"Oh hell yeah!\" Tommy said \"Pedal to the metal!\" He stopped as the rest of the crew stared at him. \"I mean the flying thing, not the script. Look I'm taking flying lessons out there too. In a Cessna!\" \"Which of course is a perfect way to train to fly a spaceship.\" Alex said sarcastically. \"Come on Alex, give the guy a break.\" Jason said, then turned to Tommy. \"Hey, maybe you can take me flying one of these days?\" \"Hey, I ain't no chauffeur!\" Tommy said, glaring daggers back at Jason. Gwen just smiled and covered her mouth, resisting the urge to burst out laughing. \"You think this is funny Gwen?\" Jason said. \"Oh yes, uproariously. We've been picked, the cream of what Earth can offer! 'Only you can save mankind'. Good god is the universe in trouble! We can't even train without arguing with each other.\" \"Come on, we've got a month or so to train in, and I've booked time on the set... I mean the Command section, so we can train every evening.\" \"Oh joy.\" Alex said bitterly. \"Just what the doctor ordered.\" Jason Nesmith glared at them, his gaze scanning his 'crew' one by one. \"Come on guys, we've been through hell together and survived, pulled off something impossible. After that... well we've been great on set. You gotta admit these are the best of days huh? We've been a team again, coming off perfectly on camera. We just click! Why come apart now?\" \"Because of the minor nuisance of imminent death.\" Alex said \"I mean, 'Space Vampires'? Seriously?\" \"Hey, no-one said we had to face space vampires. Like I said this is gonna be a quick cruise, little teaching and we're home again. Easy.\" Guy winced at that comment, fingering the butt of his prop pistol. \"Why do you have to keep saying that? You know the more you say 'It's going to be easy' the more likely this thing is going to turn into a disaster.\" \"Guy, give it a rest.\" Gwen said. \"Why should you worry now. You've got a real role and aren't 'disposable' any more.\" \"Hey, nothing stops someone from being written out of the script. Just because I h...\" \"Guys, guys!\" Jason interrupted. \"Look, just come in this afternoon and we can start training, OK? Gwen, do you know when Obby's guys are coming?\" \"Yeah. Lindsey said they had to postpone till seven pm tonight. Traffic or something.\" \"Great, gives us the chance to practice this afternoon. Come on guys! We're going to space again!\" At least some of the crew looked happy about that. Alex wasn't one of them. *Snap ZZzzzap* Down the shooting range a cardboard cut out of a pig-lizard disintegrated with a well placed ion blast. Guy calmly slid the Ion Nebulizer back into it's holster once more, twisted his head, cricking his neck, then slitted his eyes, looking down range. \"Go ahead, make my millennium.\" he said as a new target slid into place, then quickly drew the alien pistol once more... and dropped it this time. \"Ow, oh... dang it!\" he said as it landed on his foot. *ZZzzzap!* \"Woah!\" Guy blinked, feeling his eyebrows. They were a little singed, but still there. \"Wish Thermians thought to include safeties!\" \"Roc! I mean Guy, how're ya doing?\" Guy turned to Jason as he stepped into the shooting range. Guy had managed to get Laliari to build it from the Reclamators on the Command Section. 'What was a Security Chief with out a shooting range to practice on?' Jason hadn't been too impressed at the time, but Guy had been practicing his shooting here a lot. Not exactly hard given that his role on the show was fairly minor. He only showed up every other episode! \"I'm fine.\" Guy said shortly, scooting the dropped pistol behind a waste basket. He'd pick it up later. \"You got a little... something...\" Jason said, pointing at Guy's face. \"What?\" Turning to a mirror Guy saw a single hair smoldering on his forehead. Pinching it out with wet fingers he turned and glared at Jason. Jason just grinned back at him. \"Hey, what you do on your time... on a range built by studio equipment... is up to you.\" Jason said sweetly. \"For the last time 'Commander' this is for everyone. Now more than ever! It's not just to make us look good on screen anymore, but a vital skill. We could find ourselves pitted against a slavering Lanrak, or a Phron beast, or even a G'donk combat soldier. Experience with our firearms is an absolu...\" \"Yeah yeah, got it. Needs of the many etc.\" Jason said waving away the details of Guy's diatribe. \"Look, we need to put our good face on for the 'Assistants' coming over tonight.\" Jason said, actually doing the 'quotes' gesture with his fingers when he said 'Assistants' \"So why don't you show off your skills here hmm? You've been practicing down here for months. Maybe you can show these guys a thing or two?\" Guy pondered, glancing down at the pistol behind the waste basket. \"Yeeeeah. I guess we could try that.\" He said, unconvincingly. Jason sighed. \"Look, Guy, I don't want a bunch of West Point know-it-alls to show us up. We've been out there, we know our stuff! I seriously doubt they'd have been able to defeat Sarris! Come on, get some team spirit here Chief!\" Guy raised a slightly smoldering eyebrow at this. \"Ya know, it's always bad news whenever you call me 'Chief' off set.\" He sighed, closing his eyes in resignation. \"Sure, show of force. Sharpshooters extraordinaire. We'll knock 'em dead!\" Jason grimaced seeing Guy's forced enthusiasm. \"Just do your best Guy, OK? And wash your face first.\" He said before walking out. \"I'll wash your face you...\" Guy muttered under his breath, then reached down grabbed the pistol and snap fired down the range, a Gdonk silhouette vanishing in a puff of blue light and cardboard confetti. It was going to be a long night.[Chapter 3] Jason fidgeted straightening his tie once more, despite it being a clip-on. \"Is my hair OK?\" He whispered to Gwen. Rolling her eyes Gwen sighed. \"Yes, Jason, you're fine. Stop fussing and... wait, here they are.\" As the group of crew waited expectantly Lindsey, Jason's personal assistant, led a group of seven, very serious looking people in suits down the hall towards them. \"Now, everyone smile.\" Gwen said, giving her best. Alex's smile was watered down, but other than that they looked... presentable. At the lead of the group Obby came forward, grinning. \"Jason!.. Or should we call you Peter?\" Obidia said, offering his hand. Jason chuckled as he shook the man's hand. \"I guess getting in character now wouldn't go amiss. Wouldn't want to slip when we meet Malthazar.\" Alex groaned. \"Give it a break Jason. Given what he ignored before I don't think they'd believe it if we went and showed them your high school year book. As far as they're concerned the show is gospel, god help them.\" Jason gave Alex a quick glare, then returned to smiling back at Obby. \"Anyway, We've prepared a light dinner before we..\" \"No.\" came the short sharp comment from behind Obidia. A tall, well build man, tightly fitting his suit, edged past his 'boss' and eyed Jason through slitted eyes. \"Ah... I don't think we've me...\" \"General Colson, currently on indefinite loan to the Foundation from the US Army.\" the man said coldly and grasped Jason's hand in a quick, painful handshake. \"As I was saying, we don't have time for pleasantries mister Nesmith. Please show us to the Command Section. Now.\" Jason glanced sideways at Tommy, who gulped and shrugged back. Gwen didn't seem too happy about this either. \"Um, sure. This way... gentlemen.\" Jason managed, and led the way back further into the studio. It was a short walk down a hall, and the decorators had done a good job. There was no division between going down a plasterboard walled hall and the Durallutanium hull of the Command section. The only time you'd know it was if the airlock blast doors slammed shut... and just hoped you weren't going through it at the time! \"OK, well, here we are.\" Jason said, and with a flourish opened the door to the bridge. The group of seven suits marched into the bridge ahead of the cast, a few of them setting large suitcases down on open spaces. \"Hey, er, you might not want to put that there.\" Fred said \"I don't think firing Lancers in the studio would help our insurance rates.\" The man, a short mousy looking fellow nervously smiled and lifted the case off the control panel and straightened his glasses. \"Eh, sorry... Chen.\" Fred winced. \"Fred. Please call me Fred.\" he said, offering his hand. \"Max Kent.\" He said, shaking hands. \"Uh, thought we we're suppose to keep you 'in character'?\" \"Ah, I just prefer Fred.\" Fred said back. \"So, you're here to...\" \"Engineer.\" Max said, straightening his glasses with a finger. \"I'm an engineer, and I'm really looking forward to this. The Time Knot drive is something we've been eager to get our teeth into ever since we heard about this whole business.\" \"Oh cool.\" Fred said, smiling contentedly. \"You gotta meet Elle.\" \"Elle?\" Max said quizzically. \"Gentlemen!\" General Colson interrupted. \"If you're quite finished lets get down to business.\" \"Uh, sure.\" Jason said, sitting in 'The Chair' and getting comfortable. At this the General frowned and glanced at Obidia. Jason coughed and leaned forwards. \"So, General, what do you want to see first? We have a lot to sh...\" \"Just show Max where the replicators are.\" \"Uh, it's Reclamators.\" Fred said, holding his hand up almost like he was asking teacher to go to the bathroom. \"They reshape any material into, you know, anything.\" \"Hey, ultimate recyclers!\" Max said grinning, but his grin faded as he looked over at the general. \"Yeah, maybe we ought to go check that out, hmm?\" A serious nod from the General and Max and Fred headed out to the 'engineering deck'. After they were gone Colson turned to Jason with a raised eyebrow. \"Reclamators?\" \"Yeah,\" Jason said, attempting to be friendly, \"the studio was on a 'go green' stint at the time. It was felt that doing the whole recycling thing would help win over the...\" \"What the hell does whatever your studio did back then have to do with the Thermian technology?\" Jason glanced over at Gwen, but she just shrugged. \"Uh, they copied the show? All of it? I thought you knew all of this?\" Colson glared back. \"Of all the stupid, idiotic... And we have to deal with these Thermians?\" He glared at Obidia, Jason glad to get off his 'glare' list for the moment. Obidia at least didn't shrink from the General. \"I swear Colson, this is the first chance in decades we have to examine alien tech. If we'd managed to get the Sval to build a hyperdrive or something, well...\" Obby said, fading out at the end under Colson's gaze. \"Of course.\" Colson said, then took a deep breath. \"Right. Well I've already introduced myself, and the gentleman who left was Max Kent, high-energy engineering and electronics expert. Over here is my adjutant and special weapons expert, Lyudmila Mianova, veteran of Afghanistan.\" A six foot tall muscular woman with crew cut black hair and wearing sunglasses nodded, mainly to Guy Fleegman, who gulped nervously. \"To my right is computer specialist, linguist and cryptographer Andre Lea-din on loan from... some Canadian university.\" The man who had started to head over to Gwen as the General introduced him, stopped with a shudder at the last comment. He did make a half smile and shook hands with Gwen at least, but glared daggers at the General, who didn't deign to notice. \"Beyond him is Flight Lieutenant Jeremy Merriweather, British Royal Air force.\" The tall gentleman saluted to Tommy before grinning. \"He's one of a handful of pilots we have who has flown the new model Griffon orbital interceptor attached to the our Cruisers. We'll be ensuring the flight deck on the new Protector will be large enough to hold two of them at least, with support equipment, in addition to your own... pods.\" The General's obvious disdain for the landing craft used on the show was obvious. \"And finally to my left is Professor Miles Anderson, A particle physicist from Princeton.\" A very serious looking man who looked completely out of place in the black suit he was wearing, stepped over to Alex and nodded, shaking the nervous actor's hand. \"Now, please explain your various disciplines to your counterparts while I stay here to relay information to Foundation HQ about where and when we can expect equipment to be shipped to the shipyard.\" Jason blinked. \"Um, you don't want to confer with me? You know...\" General Colson leaned in, his glare in full force, eyes boring into Jason's unnervingly. \"Are you comparing your acting experience with my twenty five years of combat duty? Because if you think you even have an ounce of anything I would be interested you would be mistaken. Do I make myself clear?\" \"I... er...\" \"Good!\" he said, turning away and leaving a very disturbed Jason sitting awkwardly in the 'captain's chair'. Slowly Jason's brow furrowed as he dealt with the anger meted out. \"Wait, you can't just come in here and stamp all over us? I've been in combat, I've stood down Sarris and outwitted him, beaten a superior foe into submission. I think I deserve a little...\" \"..Respect?\" The words came out bitingly from Colson. \"Was that what you wanted?\" He turned around again, slowly, leaning over the chair once more. \"One effort of trickery does not make you a combat veteran. It does not instill in me any urgent desire to seek out your inestimable wisdom.\" Jason glared right back at him, though not with as much force as the older General. \"Look, 'Assistant', we're the ones in charge here, not you!\" Jason said, surging out of the chair to get out from under Colson's gaze, though he was still slightly shorter than the General and was forced to look up even then. Colson's gaze flicked to Obidia, then back to Jason, an icy silence falling in the room. \"As you wish 'Commander'. Your orders... Sir \" He bit back, venom in every word. Jason gulped, while Alex just slumped his head into his hand and groaned. \"For god's sake you two, give it a rest. I've had enough testosterone overload for a lifetime. Why don't we just go and... collaborate, or whatever.\" he said, waving to Professor Anderson to follow him over to the science console. Slowly the others mostly left, even the General thankfully, and Jason slumped into his chair for a moment. \"OK, good meeting guys.\" He muttered to himself with a half-hearted sigh. He stood up and headed out as well, but as he passed Alex he leaned in. \"Thanks. Nice defusing there.\" He muttered to him. \"Hey, bomb disposal is my second masters degree.\" Jason looked oddly at him for a moment. \"I'm joking Jason. As I said before, just a drama education.\" Anderson looked annoyed with the delay and tapped his watch, staring fixedly at Alex. Jason chuckled. \"I'll leave you to get acquainted then. It can only get better huh?\" and he slapped Alex on the back. \"Oh please.\" Alex said, waiting till Jason had left. \"It can get much worse than this... and probably will.\" \"Oh, and you gotta duck. You know, ceiling is a bit low. Oh, hey Elle.\" Fred waved into the cramped crawlspace. \"Max, this is Laliari. She's our technical expert. Laliari, this is Max. He's into machines and stuff. You do much with spaceships Max?\" Max wasn't too bothered by the low ceiling, he just didn't straighten up much so his hair wouldn't rub up there. \"Yup, worked a bit on the Ajax, though that's all scrapped now. Protector way outdoes the Dauntless class. Um, Miss Laliari? I thought your name was Jane Doe, not Elle?\" Fred winced, getting to be a familiar expression for him. Laliari answered calmly though. \"That is true. Since arriving... here... I have acquired several names. I have been instructed to only use some of them though.\" \"It's OK Elle, we can trust these guys.\" Fred said, then turned to Max. \"It's complicated, Jane Doe for reporters, Laliari for the... Historical documents, and Elle, I guess that's just what I call her.\" \"Yes tech sergeant Chen, I believe you are the only one to regularly refer to me by that name.\" \"Fred Elle, please call me Fred.\" \"But you are tech sergeant Chen. All of the historical documents refer to you by that name. It would be disrespectful to do otherwise.\" Fred shook his head and looked sadly at Max. \"Yeah... anyway, these are the reclamators Max.\" Fred said, waving at four long cylinders, laying on the floor next to the far wall. Each reclamator was about ten feet long and a foot wide, with long, glowing purple sections about midway down. The purple bits faded and glowed in a pattern, making it look like the glow was traveling down the unit. This of course was because the show had used cheap lighting to make the glow do that originally, but Fred thought the Thermian ones looked slightly cooler. Odd since most of the stuff looked identical to their old set props. Max knelt down by the first unit and examined it. \"Laliari, what do these do exactly?\" He said. \"The ionic reclamators take powdered matter and reform it with powerful electrostatic fields to form new objects. We use Hez-Kurshaw field correction to energize the wideband parallel cohesion plates next to the ionic distributers. This correctly aligns the particles and allow density diffusion for computer calculations on exact coordination of the...\" Fred glazed over the most of it, but Max seemed entranced, which was odd since most of the terminology was meaningless. The Thermians had taken it directly from the show and tried to make some sort of mathematics from it. It was a wonder they hadn't gone insane trying. Instead they'd actually succeeded somehow. Fred loved that. To think that these great guys took a stupid idea and actually made it work. It was like a great big 'booya' to all the egg heads in the world. Heh heh! He couldn't wait to see that Anderson guy try to make sense of this stuff. \"And it ionizes the pre-feed?\" Max was asking as Fred 'retuned' to the conversation. \"No, the ionization occurs in the secondary chamber, while the flow is kept steady. This is very important to avoid calcitic re-aversion of the primary members.\" \"Really? Do you have a technical manual by any chance Elle?\" Fred raised an eyebrow. Not only was Max actually understanding what she was saying, well some of it anyway, but the two of them were really getting on well together... and he was calling her 'Elle'. \"Heh, this is cool. Hey you guys want some coffee or something? There's a drinks machine down the hall.\" \"I think understanding the... reclamators, is far more important mister Kwan.\" Fred turned around and frowned. Colson was standing there outside, peering into the low ceilinged room. \"More important than coffee?\" Fred tried, but no smile came to General Colson's face. \"Come on, you can't ask your guys to go without coffee. It's a national institution.\" Blinking Colson leaned down further to see in the chamber. \"You've been in here less than ten minutes. I hardly think you are dying of thirst. I need those reclamators churning out parts yesterday!\" \"I am sorry mister Colson.\" Elle said \"We do not possess the omega thirteen device, and I do not believe it is feasible to translate twenty four hours into the past.\" Colson just stared at her unnervingly. \"See to it mister Kent.\" Colson said to his engineer and turned quickly and left. \"Fun guy huh?\" Fred remarked, but Max just sighed. \"I guess we'd better get to work guys. I have a list that the foundation set up. Elle, could you help me find out how much of this you can build?\" \"Of course Engineer Max Kent.\" Laliari said and started looking down the list. \"Oh right,\" Fred muttered wistfully to himself \"His name you get right.\" With a shrug he sat down beside them and pitched in as much as he could. \"And here is our pride and joy.\" Tommy said, waving Jeremy into a largish chamber. \"It's not the hanger deck on the Protector of course, but we make do. And they're a joy to fly.\" Jeremy whistled as he saw the two pods in the room, large steel doors on the far wall. \"You manage to fly these? Don't the traffic control boys say anything about that?\" \"Oh heck no, they don't even know. These things have anti-radar coming out their... um, tailpipes.\" Jeremy chuckled. \"Contrary to popular opinion British aren't completely unaware of swear words. I won't melt or anything.\" \"Heh, sorry. I... well come on, let me show you how she flies.\" \"What now?\" Merriweather said. \"Don't you need permission or something?\" \"Naaah. Come on, let me show you what these babies can do!\" In the parking lot a truck driver felt a whoosh of air and something gray and huge darted overhead. Glancing around he couldn't see anything, but it was dark. The studio was out of town a little, with a huge parking lot. It used to be a convention hall a year ago, then it was converted to be the new studio for the whole Galaxy Quest revival. Now he was delivering weird truckloads of stuff day and night. What the hell did a studio need with six tons of Styrofoam anyway? He'd had to have a second trailer truck behind him for that. Dang stuff took up way too much space for it's weight. As he shook his head and went to inform the studio of his delivery he completely missed a gray dot behind him do a loop the loop around a bridge before disappearing upwards through the dark gray clouds into the starry night sky. \"Now Daney, I'm really sorry to ask this of you. I know you don't like retakes, but yesterday's scene with the missile tuning, we...\" \"It's a Lancer homing projectile, not a missile.\" Alex said absently while a girl put the finishing touches on his headpiece. \"Trust me, I've seen what they do first hand. It's not pretty.\" \"Oooof course.\" Harry glanced nervously at the makeup artist. Was she in on it? Harry couldn't remember. He'd been directing for over ten years, and suddenly he was having to play spy or something, figuring out who should know this... crazy space stuff. And the cast just had no clue. They just casually talked about things in front of the crew while... it was stressing him out! \"Daney baby, fine. Projectile, whatever. But we need the digitizing scene done again...\" again he looked at the makeup girl. \"... but more accurately.\" Alex froze and slowly drew his eyes up to meet Harry. \"Oh no... no no no no! You are not going to get Fred bloody Kwan to mess with my molecules!\" Alex said. \"Just pay for the special effects damn you!\" Right, of course he had no clue who should know about this stuff. Harry wondered if he'd have to fire this girl or not. Damn, but she did great work. It was hard to find good forehead people! \"We don't have the budget Alex. I'm sorry. Look he's really good now. You know there hasn't been an incident for over eight months. Trust me, it'll be good.\" Alex just glared at him. \"Right. Incident.\" Alex said, pushing the makeup girl out of the way and sitting up, his expression getting more intense. \"I've seen those watermelons he practiced on! You wouldn't even give that to starving children!\" he said, grimacing. Harry winced. Yeah, that had been... not good for moral. But Fred had been drunk that night. Digitizing watermelons all over town had been a nightmare to clear up! Especially as about half of them had looked like something out of a horror movie after they arrived... before they exploded. \"No, really. I've been through it myself twice.\" Harry had to suppress a shiver. That had been... tense, but necessary. He managed to keep his face straight at least. \"It's good. You'll be fine.\" Alex glared at him, his eyes boring into the director. \"By Grabthar's Hammer, we've done it!\" Dr Lazarus exclaimed as the scanner screen showed the modified torpedo streaking through the enemy's armor to hit it's target. \"Warning, Protector armor is failing. Clear zones appearing in zones E through F, decks 2, 4 and 6. Warning.\" the computer droned. A static appeared in the air, and you could see 'Dr Lazarus' twitch, and a look of horror creep onto his face. \"Oh no!\" He whispered. 'Amazing acting', the camera crew would think later, watching the retakes. It was a shame that had been done by the other shift. They'd have loved to have seen that take in person, watching the horror on Alex Dane's face as he was slowly digitized off the ship by the L-Gant vessel. Of course you wouldn't see the digitizing on set. That was special effects added afterwards. Security Chief Ingersol cried out 'Nooooo!' dramatically as the alien scientist vanished in a cloud of particles. They really did do great special effects on this show! \"Hah! Look at his face! Did you see that?\" Guy said, grinning as they watched the footage. \"How'd you get this copy anyway?\" Fred asked, getting more comfy in the rec area on the Command Section as they watched the footage of the digitizing 'scene' \"I don't think the crew like handing out footage before it's been through the cutting room?\" \"Oh this isn't their footage. I'm security chief, remember? I had the ship engage the Red Protocol and the internal sensors got it all. I can play this from any angle!\" \"Heh, that's cool.\" Fred said, sipping a drink as he watched Alex's panic as he disintegrated again. When he'd arrived on the Digitizer platform he'd just glared at Fred and stomped out of the room without a word. This had been worth it. \"Hey Guy? How's it going with your Assistant?\" Fred asked. Guy winced. \"Yeah... I took her to the shooting range... You know she carries a machine pistol with her at all times? Some kind of alien ammo for it. Blew the targets to pieces and damaged the far wall. I never even got a chance to show her the Nebulizers! She's... intense.\" \"And hot.\" Fred said. \"Well yeah... but... That could be hazardous to life and limb. I mean, I think she could kill me with her pinkie!\" \"It'd be a hell of a way to go though.\" The two chuckled, though Guy a little more nervously than Fred. \"Hey.\" Came from the door, and Fred and Guy turned to see Jason poking his head in the room. \"You two seen Tommy round here? Colson can't comm the Brit or Tommy and he's getting bitchy.\" \"Nope. Not seen him since this morning. He seemed to like his assistant though. He should be fine.\" Fred said, relaxing. \"AAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHH!\" Tommy screamed from the rear seat as the Griffon ACF-12 screamed through the upper atmosphere at Mach twenty two, flames flicking off the hull. \"God! Slow down man... Y... you're gonna burn up!\" Merriweather laughed, muffled in the flight helmet that Tommy had refused to wear, and yanked the stick hard over, then up. Tommy screamed again as the craft twitched and managed a hard turn in the upper atmosphere. He could swear he saw the wing's bending up from the strain and he almost blacked out from the g's. \"Ah come on, don't be a pansy. That was only eight g's! The compensators on those pods have given you way too easy a time of it. Hey, wanna take the stick?\" Tommy panted hard, gasping for breath, then saw Jeremy lift his hands above his head, and the control stick before him wavered, uncontrolled. \"Whaaaa?\" He said, and grabbed it as the fighter began to twist. Tommy gasped again, but steadied the ship, streaking back out into space once more. He didn't know half of these controls, but the stick and throttle were easy enough, and he could work out the scanner... he thought. Yeah, there was the Dauntless. \"I'm heading back! You're nuts!\" he said, hauling them over and trying to match speeds with the cruiser. \"Come on, we've barely even left orbit. I wanted to show you the high winds on Mars.\" \"Huh. Don't be stupid! Those sandstorms are a pain in the ass! You know how hard it is to get Mars sand out of filters? Damn stuff is nasty!\" Tommy didn't notice the faint murmur of approval from Jeremy as he got onto an intercept vector with the Dauntless, on a fighter he'd never flown before, and closed in on cruiser. He picked up his vox and managed to find the frequency Jeremy had shown him. \"This is... GF-104 inbound. Am I clear to land?\" \"Mes Oui. You are clear to land on ze port dock.\" The strongly accented French voice said on the speaker. The fighter came in far slower than Jeremy would have taken it, sliding through the open, heavy bay doors before coming down towards the deck. \"Where the heck is the landing gear thingy?\" Tommy said, before Jeremy laughed and lowered them himself. Puffs of vapor from the wings vanished in the vacuum as Tommy maneuvered it down to the ground, and finally touched the deck. Electrostatics made a faint buzz as they held the wheels down and he finally sat back in his seat and released his straps. \"You are nuts, you know that Merriweather?\" \"Hey, it's what I'm trained for. I think Constructional Insanity is on the course. Anyway, wanna meet the Captain? I'm sure Ambrose'd love to meet you.\" \"Nah, look just get me back to my pod. Nesmith is probably going crazy by now!\" Jeremy chuckled as the atmosphere stabilized in the hanger deck. This guy did have some skill, but he really needed to loosen up some.[Chapter 4] Jason reclined his seat, relaxing for the first time today. It's been a rough two days. Just the screaming dress down Colson had given Tommy and Jeremy had been bad enough, but the whole incident with Anderson's black eye. *sigh* Apparently Anderson and Dane did not get on well together. Surprisingly the quiet looking professor had quite a pair of lungs on him. The shouting match between those two had been heard throughout the studio yesterday. \"Commander.\" The stern, yet still condescending voice shocked Jason from his reverie. \"Uh, hi. General. Come on in.\" He said, then more quietly. \"Make yourself at home.\" \"We need to talk.\" Colson said, shutting the door to Jason's dressing room. Oh this wasn't going to be good. \"Hey, pull up a chair General.\" Jason said, standing up himself and heading over to the mini-bar. \"Drink?\" Colson just stared back at him and Jason's smile wilted. Yeah, this was definitely not going to be fun. \"I hear Andre is having trouble with the computer.\" Jason said as he grabbed himself a bourbon and sat back down. \"It's under control. Apparently the thing reacts violently to Pascal.\" \"Can't say I blame it. I can't stand the French myself.\" Jason said, but Colson didn't smile. He thought about attempting to explain the joke... but the look on Colson's face dissuaded him from the idea. \"Look,\" Colson said acidly, \"we have about a week to get enough of the equipment ready for shipment, and the 'Reclamators' just aren't working well enough. The deadline is three and half weeks and we haven't even got the power grid components shipped yet.\" \"I thought the grid was coming from the Ajax components.\" Jason said more seriously, sipping his drink. \"Didn't work. Incompatible systems.\" \"Uh huh. A lot of that going around.\" Jason said, but there was no comment from Colson. \"Um, why the tight deadline anyway? I mean, it's not as if we've got a launch window or anything.\" \"Your 'friends' gave us the deadline. 'Send Commander Taggart to negotiate before June fifth or we leave the area without you.' Malthazar's words.\" \"Ah...\" Jason said. \"Malthazar's getting ballsy. Funny, Obidia never mentioned that time constraint being that fixed.\" Colson grimaced. \"Oh yes, there a lot of things mister Obidia Lang fails to mention.\" Colson put a hand on the desk beside him and leaned in. \"Look, I don't like you Nesmith.\" No surprise there! \"But I'm warning you, don't trust that man. He's been the death of far too many agents over the years.\" Jason raised an eyebrow. He was about to ask for an explanation of that, but something in the General's expression made it obvious he wasn't going to elaborate. \"Riiiight. And this guy is our boss? Wonderful.\" He took a swig of bourbon and bared his teeth. \"Do we get danger pay?\" A stony stare was the only response he got to that. \"OK, but we can still make the ship, right?\" \"The ship's hull is already built, what we need are the components to fit into it. Especially the Time Knot drive. As far as I understand it though Professor Anderson is not getting anywhere determining the control method for it. It's going to do us no good if we get the drive installed but can't control it.\" \"Don't fret, the systems will work fine. We'll get your hyperdrive thingy. Fred works wonders.\" Colson rolled his eyes. \"From the reports I've seen your 'Tech Sergeant Chen' knows nothing about the ship's systems. It's all that alien's handiwork!\" \"Laliari. Yeah, she's pretty good with a space wrench.\" Still no smile from the General. What would it take? \"Yeah... look Kwan is getting the feel for the ship, knows the layout like the back of his hand and has really got the whole digitizing thing down. I think he's the only one who can work that thing.\" \"Which makes it practically useless to me. I need something reliable and not to depend on one individual's knowledge. What if he's killed in combat?\" Jason's brow furrowed and he stood up. \"Then I suggest you ensure he doesn't get killed, General .\" Jason said, icily. For a few moments the two glared at each other, and this time it was the General that pulled away first. \"Just make sure the damned list is finished on time. I'll have a galaxy transport here on May twentieth to pick up the Command Section. After it's installed on the Protector and the rest of the systems check out we're leaving.\" Of course he slammed the door. Gwen stood at the loading bay with Fred and looked at the crates. \"So, how much is ready?\" She asked, glancing around nervously. Fred wasn't sure what was up with Gwen but she'd been acting real weird the last couple of days. \"We got the Electonium conduits all ready, and... you know, packed. Heh.\" Fred chuckled. \"I took the time with Elle to get it right. Check it out.\" He opened a crate and inside it were... rocks. Rocks that were rather familiar to Gwen. \"Are those... Grignak?\" Fred chuckled. \"Heh, couldn't resist. Had the reclamators reshape the Styrofoam into the right type of rocks from the shipboard records. I was hoping Jason'd be down here.\" Gwen shuddered. \"I don't think that'd be a good idea. But those 'rocks' are sealed up tight?\" \"Yeah.\" Fred said, locking the crate back up again \"We had some problems getting some of the larger components hidden inside the 'rocks', but we got it sorted. The Foundation will be getting their first shipment tonight.\" With a sigh she smiled. \"Good, cos Colson has been breathing down my neck all day to get the thing ready. He sa...\" \"Miss DeMarco! Gwen, Ahh, there you are! I 'ave been looking all over for you. You 'iding from me now?\" The French cryptologist strode up to Gwen and Fred, Gwen hiding a wince as he approached, mouthing 'help me' to Fred. When Fred just shrugged she reluctantly put on her best face and turned to Miles. \"Um, yeah, Miles, look I've got some records to catch up on, inventories etc. I've really got to get going.\" The ever smiling man calmly put an arm around Gwen's shoulder, not noticing Gwen's shudder. \"You work yourself too hard mes amis. Come on, take a break!\" \"Sorry, look I think Jason was wanting to talk to you about... something. He's on the Bridge.\" \"Ah well, do not fret. I will sort it out and be back soon. I can assist you with the inventory, yes?\" Waving with a very fake smile as Andre walked away, Gwen leaned over to Fred. \"If that guy grabs my ass one more time I'm going to deck him. You think Colson would mind?\" \"Meh, couldn't hurt to try?\" Fred said with a chuckle. \"Come on Lt Daredo, keep the distance down!\" Commander Taggert said, leaning over, staring at the fleeing vessel. He turned to Lt Madison. \"Any word from Roc and his team?\" \"Computer, status of the Abroad Team?\" Lt Madison said, staring at her console. \"Checking... Checking...\" the computer intoned. \"Warning, error detected. Checksum invalid. Restart to continue.\" \"Cut cut!\" The shaking of the chamber stopped and the crew groaned, the director shaking his head. \"For heaven's sake. What is up with that thing?\" Gwen frowned at the screen. \"I don't know. Maybe picked up a computer virus? It's been acting odd lately.\" \"OK, OK, see if you can get it working. Lets try again people. Camera two, pull back, standby to zoom in on Gwen. OK, from the top people.\" Everyone took a breath, got back into character, and then the room started shaking once more. \"Come on Lt Daredo, keep the distance down!\" Peering at the viewscreen Commander Taggert stared at the fleeing vessel. Turning to Lt Madison he said. \"Any word from Roc and his team?\" \"Computer, status of the Abroad Team?\" Lt Madison said, trying to hide a wince. \"Checking... Checking...\" She held her breath. \"Chief Ingersol and Abroad Team members located on deck twelve of enemy vessel. All six human lifesigns positive. No threats detected in close proximity to Abroad Team.\" \"Good, good.\" Taggert said, then peered at the screen. \"Is that?... Daredo, bring us onto the port side a little.\" The view on the screen shifted as the Protector swung to port, attempting to get a look at that side of the target. \"Those are plasma vents.\" Taggart said, frowning. \"But the there aren't any on the other side...\" as he talked the vents stopped here too. \"They're closing all the reactor cooling systems! They're going to self destruct! Chen, keep a lock on the Abroad Team. I need them out of there the instant they find Lazarus!\" The crew waited a few seconds. Later on a scene aboard the enemy vessel would be pasted in at this point, with Roc Ingersol blasting aliens and breaking into Lazarus' cell. \"Computer, Abroad Team status?\" Gwen said anxiously. \"Now six human life signs detected and one Mak'Tar life sign.\" \"Chen! Digitize, now!\" \"Sir!\" Chen's voice came on the comms. \"I do not have solid scan! They still too close to the scan-blocked prison cell!\" \"Now Chen!\" Tagart screamed, and small explosions started to pepper the hull of the ship on the view screen. \"And cut.\" Harry said, tiredly. \"OK, take a break people. We'll do the Lazarus Returns scene in ten.\" Alex slow clapped from behind the cameras as the crew got up from their seats on the Bridge. \"Brilliant acting, could break the tension with an icepick.\" He said sarcastically, Jason glaring at him. \"Hey, we're doing this for you Alex. Getting rid of your headpiece with the whole 'Accidentally merge with a miscellaneous crew member and turn human' ploy. A little appreciation wouldn't hurt!\" \"Hmph!\" Alex grunted. \"Last I heard the writers were going nuts. 'So many new directions we can take this!' and 'archetypal angst of the human condition.' You know some of those people really need to look up what the words mean before using them.\" \"Zip it Dane.\" Gwen said, as she stomped by. Alex raised an eyebrow at Jason. \"What's up with Madison?\" Jason winced. \"I know I said try to stay in character, but things have been getting... weird with some of the assistants. Might give the crew names a miss till we board the ship. Colson is starting to get real snippy.\" Alex snorted. \"Starting? I think that man was born tense.\" \"Hey guys, guys?\" Guy said, running up to them. \"Any news from Harry? He still hasn't said when we're doing the boarding scene.\" \"Oh don't worry Rambo,\" Alex said, patting him on the shoulder, \"you'll get your chance to fire your little pop-guns.\" \"Knock it off Alex!\" Guy said, shaking Alex's hand off. \"Yeah, Alex?\" Jason said. \"It's not just Gwen having issues is it? You having trouble with Anderson?\" Alex rolled his eyes. \"The man can't fathom why he can't understand Thermian physics. I've tried to tell him they're ultra advanced, incredibly developed morons, but he won't listen. And he keeps trying to get me to explain the damned maths! Trust me, York College for the Arts did not cover multi-dimensional physics!\" Jason and Guy looked at each other and with a smile managed, almost in sync, to say... \"You only took Drama.\" \"You only took Drama.\" Alex squinted at them. \"One of these days someone is going to need someone to play Othello. Well when that day comes don't come crying to me!\" he said, then stomped off. \"Isn't Othello black?\" Jason asked. \"What, you're asking me?\" Guy said. \"I was just an extra. I never took acting lessons.\" A few days later Jason, Gwen, Fred, Alex, Tommy, Harry and Laliari stood outside, looking on as the large jet transport plane taxied up the huge parking lot to the studio wall... which was hinging open. The nose of the jet was also swinging up and just beyond it, in the darkness inside the studio, you could see the Command Section, the various walls around it having been cut away. \"So, all the extras etc have the day off?\" Gwen said. \"Yes, it's all sorted.\" Harry said tiredly. \"This is going to cost us. Is the Foundation paying down time for all this? We're going to miss three days of shooting before the replacement sets are installed properly.\" Jason glanced from Harry to Gwen and back. \"Uh, Harry? We're going to be... kind of out of it for a while.\" Harry clenched his eyes shut tight and pinched the bridge of his nose. \"And you were going to tell me this, when?\" \"Oh, well... now? Hey, don't worry, we'll bring you some pics back from space.\" \"You're going out there again? Oh god, you barely got back in one piece last time!\" Alex grunted. \"That's what I've been saying!\" \"Look, Harry.\" Jason said. \"This is just a temporary thing. The assistants want us to show them the ropes, teach them how things go out there. It won't be long. Maybe a month or two tops.\" \"A MONTH OR TWO?\" Harry gasped. \"Come on! We're in syndication! We can't renege on the deals like that!\" \"Hey, we're way ahead, right? It'll be months before we're due to deliver episodes.\" Jason said \"Jason. You don't get it. We're running fast now because we don't need much in the way of post production. No special effects! Heck, even the troop battle scenes only need alien make-up. Those pistols of yours can even change colors. Put a molded case around one, turn it to 'Red beam', and presto, you've got a Gdonk fireblaster. Do you know how long modern special effects take?\" \"It's OK, we're talking with the Foundation. We're hoping to get a version of the Command Section back after all this, built from the ship's reclamators. We'll manage Harry, don't worry.\" Harry and the rest of the crew turned to watch as the four tractors pushed the Command Section finally into the Galaxy transport. A very fitting name for a plane Jason thought. Slowly the plane's nose closed and it started to back up. \"Don't worry Harry. We'll be on Earth a little while. Stay in touch and we'll keep you up to date on all this. We'll be fine.\" Jason said, putting an arm around Harry's shoulder. Why wasn't Harry reassured?[Chapter 5] \"Hello, and Welcome aboard Kingston Airways flight 84 to Delta Utah.\" Jason just nodded absently to the stewardess as he dragged his case behind him, the others following on behind. \"Welcome aboard flight 84 to Utah. I hope you have a pleasant flight.\" Gwen hefted her case up and sighed. \"Don't you get tired of saying the same thing over and over to everyone?\" She asked, but the stewardess just smiled back, before turning to the next passenger. It took a few minutes but everyone, including the assistants, had found their seats and stowed their baggage. \"And why couldn't the Foundation have a private jet for us again?\" Jason asked Obidia. \"At least they could have given us seats on the Galaxy transport. \"Oh, trust me you wouldn't have enjoyed that.\" He replied with a grin as he belted up,. \"Noisy, uncomfortable, and I understand they vibrate quite a bit. At least in those bucket seats.\" Jason glanced around. \"And I notice Colson isn't with us, not that I'm complaining mind you.\" \"Ah, yes. Apparently he had some business in town first. He'll meet us at the base later.\" From the seat behind Guy stood up and leaned over the seat. \"Utah? This has gotta be Area 51 we're heading for, right?\" Rolling his eyes Obidia shook his head. \"Even if we were US military that wouldn't be our destination. Do you really think top secret, alien technology would be stored at a base the whole world knows about? True, the area is good for things like this, but no. We have a facility on Sevier Lake, a ways southwest of Salt Lake City. The area is mostly used for mining but not much at present. It's not totally isolated, but it's quiet enough for our purposes.\" Guy seemed disappointed at that, but grunted and settled back down. Some thickly accented muttered comments followed, a few words that Jason caught; 'idiot' 'kill yourself', seemed to indicate that Lyudmila thought very highly of seat-belts. Jason sat there, deep in thought, staring out of the window as they took off. It was quite a few minutes later that he turned to Obidia and quietly asked. \"You never actually said what those Sval guys did to you back then. Did the Foundation guys manage to figure out what the equipment they used on you was doing?\" Slowly Obidia closed his eyes, a tiredness washing over his face. \"Heh, of course.\" With a sigh he turned to Jason. \"I... don't really like talking about that. It may have been a long time ago, but still have nightmares about it... But, I understand. OK.\" He lay back a little, staring up at the ceiling. \"Well, first... I woke up laying on a table. Seems they had... tasted the odd bite or two and were attempting some medical tools to fix me up. At the time that struck me as rather humorous. Then the pain started to wash through me. They paid no heed to anything I did, just stood there poking me with needles and waving buzzing tools over me.\" \"What were they like? I mean what did they look like?\" Jason shuddered as Obby's eyes flicked down to meet his. That look was pretty scary in itself! \"Hope you never find out personally!\" He said intensely, then more softly. \"OK, well, they were roughly humanoid, but rather insect like in detail. When we described them as 'space vampires' it was from a lot of details, but not their appearance. Bella Lugosi they were not.\" He said with a faint smile, that then faded as a perplexed look crossed Jason's face. \"God, what do they teach kids these days?\" \"Yeah grandpa, you tell 'em.\" Obby squinted at Jason, but did manage to smile back. \"Well, anyway, they look almost skeletal, with a long head fitted with over-sized mandibles that can bite through steel. They can eat almost any organic stuff and can adapt several chemicals within themselves to, well, subdue people. It's tricky as they have to remain close to control their slaves. Some kind of pheromone thing that we still don't understand. So, they naturally can't bite you and make you like them, as in the vampire legends, but they can to make you serve them... and apparently they did have ways of using technology to turn other races into their race. And yes, they do live an awful long time.\" Jason edged back in his seat unconsciously. Obby just smiled. \"Heh, I'm used to that reaction. No, I didn't get fully turned into a Sval. At the time we thought that the technology they used on me was to understand humans so they could use their enslaving chemicals on us. In that we were wrong. They can do that to ninety percent of the races in the galaxy anyway. No, this is just their way of procreating. We have no idea how a race evolves without a natural means of reproducing, but it seems this is the only way they do it now. Turn others into their race via technology.\" \"So, you eventually figured it out. Does that mean you salvaged the tech for that?\" \"I wish.\" Obby said tiredly. \"Maybe then we could have reversed what they did. I was... rescued, by a regiment of troops while the transformation was half way through. After they killed the Sval, at no small cost to themselves, they found the machine running, with me screaming inside. They did the only thing they could think of. They shot it. Pretty thoroughly. Lucky for me it worked and I didn't die... for almost a century now. I have no clue how long I'll live, but I seem to be the same age now as I was then biologically. From some of the injuries I've had on missions since then we've found I heal a little quicker than usual too, but other than that I'm perfectly normal. According to the hundreds of medics that have inspected me over the decades anyway.\" Jason stared at the man. He couldn't imagine what he'd been through. It seemed as if he wasn't hiding himself away either. He could maybe live for decades or centuries more... yet was risking his life for the Foundation. For Earth if what he said about their organization was true. Didn't sound like someone not to trust. What did that say about Colson? Why didn't the man trust Obby? \"Well, what's the plan when we get to the base anyway Obby?\" Jason said, changing the subject abruptly. Obidia quirked an eyebrow at him then shrugged. \"Well, they want to get the fabricators... sorry, reclamators, up and running when we get there pretty quick to avoid lost time. I understand they already have a framework setup to mount the Command Section near the roof of the hanger. They'll build the ship up to it there, then connect the two together. The hull should be fairly quick to finish up, but right now it's all built, but in pieces in the Dauntless construction hanger. The internal works of the Protector is another matter. We'll assemble the hull around the Ajax's reactor then I think see if your Laliari can improve it any. It's a Me'yon design compression fusion pulse reactor, something at the limit of what we can build right now.\" Jason got the feeling that Obidia, despite not being an engineer, had picked up a keen interest in technology over the decades. From the way he talked he certainly seemed fascinated by it anyway. \"Well, what do you want us to do when we get there?\" Jason said, laying back in his seat again. \"Just more of the same. Keep trying to get your assistants to actually know what they're doing. We need to get the crew, the whole crew, up to scratch before launch. This is probably the one chance we'll get at persuading Malthazar and his crew to stick around and share information with us.\" \"Share? What can we share with him? They're way beyond us technologically.\" Obby smiled. \"Oh ye of little faith. Trust me, even beyond the cultural stuff, which it seems they are very interested in, we have a few tricks up our sleeves they might find fascinating. The real trick is to do it without letting on we aren't the Earth from Galaxy Quest. Frankly, that's how I pushed you lot being on this mission. Aside from your experience with the ship, we need actors right now.\" Jason stared out the window, sipped his orange juice, and tried to understand how he felt about that. Did he want to be an actor right now? Did he want to be Jason Nesmith, a nobody who geeks liked to watch on TV? Or did he want to be Peter Taggert, space commander? A REAL space commander. He'd proven he could be Peter, to some extent, but even with his ego he had managed to realize he didn't have the experience really to pull it off without help. Not in the long run anyway. True, it seemed his knowledge from the TV show had helped more than he would have thought, but... As much as he hated to admit it he might need Colson. Military experience was something he had very little of. If he ever hoped to really command a ship he'd have to get the man to trust him and work with him. Obby looked at him oddly as Jason snorted into his drink. Yeah, best not explain to Obby what he'd been thinking of then. He'd probably think it just as likely as Jason did! \"Thank you for flying Kingston Airways.\" The stewardess said brightly, but Jason merely nodded, barely even looking at her as they left the plane. Gwen looked askance at Jason as she followed him on. He'd been pretty quiet through most of the trip too. A pensive, thoughtful Jason was not quite what she was used to. Let alone one that didn't check out the local skirt! \"Ahh, Mister Nesmith and crew?\" yet another man in a suit said from the lobby when they exited the boarding tube. \"Please, follow me. We have transport arranged. It's a forty mile drive so you won't have too long to wait till you're settled in.\" The newcomer was very nondescript in appearance, very little expression and very ordinary features. Some kind of government agent perhaps? Or was that an over-used clich? \"Bradford!\" Obidia said as he got in sight of the man. \"Good to see you. How goes the hanger work?\" Bradford did smile slightly at this, and nodded to Obidia while guiding Jason and the others towards the security gates. \"Oh we're nearly set up. They've already got the Command Section on the cranes. Tonight I'd guess it'll be secure and the construction work can begin.\" \"Finally!\" Obby said with a fierce expression. Jason wondered how long Obidia had waited for this? The drive felt longer than forty miles, though a lot was down a major highway. As they passed the 'lake' Jason frowned as he saw digging machines around the Eastern shore of... \"OK, first, that isn't a lake, and second... who are those guys?\" Jason said, pointing towards the excavators. \"Heh, yeah, should have warned you about that I guess.\" Obby said, leaning over in his seat towards Jason. \"It's a dry lake, a source of a load of minerals. Those diggers are from a commercial organization that mines potash, among other things. We helped set it up recently as there started to get more civilian traffic out here, and it acts pretty well as a cover for shipping in equipment.\" Jason nodded and stared out again. It definitely didn't look like a lake that was for sure. Just a white patch of ground stretching out into the distance. Though he thought he saw little patches of water here and there. \"Well, I guess water-skiing is out of the question then.\" He said, and got an annoyed look from Gwen. Once they passed the lake they turned south, off the highway and onto dirt roads. Well made dirt roads, but this still was the back end of nowhere, it looked like. After another ten minutes they ended up on a stretch of land jutting out into the 'lake'. \"OK, here we are. Needle point. We picked this as a location a long time ago, mainly for the construction materials to hand. Lithium especially for some of the more advanced fusion systems we were working on.\" \"Oh hey.\" Fred said. \"You making Tritium?\" Obby turned and stared at him oddly, Fred looking back calmly at him. \"Um, yeah, well 'make' is the wrong word, but yeah.\" He eyed 'tech sergeant Chen' as they left the trucks. Alex walked up beside Fred and whispered to him. \"So, been reading up on fusion mechanics have we?\" \"Nah.\" Fred answered casually. \"Elle and Max have been talking. I just pick things up.\" Alex chuckled as they headed over to what looked like a porta-cabin. \"Welcome to Port Sevier, the only spaceport on the planet!\" Obby said dramatically as he opened the door to the building. \"Mind the step.\" Inside it was a rundown, typical building site porta-cabin... with a couple of bored security guards by a door on the far side of the room. The group was led up to the doors and beyond, which turned abruptly into a rather snazzy looking, downward sloping corridor. Light blue walls and yellow ceiling definitely didn't mimic the standard grey military base in most movies. \"No elevator going miles underground?\" Jason asked. \"Well, we did want to avoid the whole 'trapped if the power cuts out' thing, but there are elevators on the first level that can access the base, don't worry.\" As Obby led the group of actors and assistants along they passed a huge window, and most of them turned to gaze at the scene beyond. \"You know, this is rather familiar. I mean that was in space, true, but...\" Jason said staring down at a huge hanger with cranes holding the relatively tiny Command Section high above the ground, and below a series of girder frameworks looked half finished around the floor. It did remind a lot of the cast of the space-dock where the Thermians had built their Protector. Two massive doors were on opposite walls of the hanger, looking like fore and aft of where the ship would be once built. \"And the Protector is going to be finished in two weeks?\" he asked. \"Last estimate I saw said one week.\" Obidia said with a smile. \"I hope so. The deadline is for meeting Malthazar, not finishing the ship! We're going to need some time to get the kinks sorted out and to actually go and meet him.\" Jason slapped him on the shoulder. \"Don't worry Obby, we'll manage. 'Never give up, never surrender!' \" Luckily Jason didn't see Alex's sour expression at hearing the show's motto once more. \"And here you are.\" Obby said at last, leading the group along an access-tube into the Command Section once more. \"I think you know your way from here. Metford here is in charge of the Protector project.\" he said, waving to the ever serious looking Bradford. \"You need anything, see him. He'll need your assistance to get the Protector up to scratch too. Kwan, make sure you and Laliari work closely with him, OK?\" Fred nodded amiably and shook hands with Bradford while Obby waved and headed out. Apparently he had other things that needed his attention elsewhere on base. Guy came up alongside Jason, looking anxious. \"Um, do we have any idea when we'll be doing my boarding scene? I mean, it's the only thing left of that episode now and...\" \"Fleegman! Come!\" a firm voice said, making Guy wince. \"We need to ensure that security is tight, yes?\" The stoic, six foot Lyudmila stood scowling at him, her arms crossed. Guy managed a weak smile and followed the heavy footsteps of the well muscled Russian as she headed off into the ship. Jason grinned after him and clapped his hands firmly together. \"Yes, the team's coming together pretty well.\" Alex groaned and shook his head before leaving himself. Jason got the feeling he was the only enthusiastic one here. Alex stared at a screen full of mathematics on the far wall-monitor, and then across at the very puzzled physicist gazing up at them intently. Smiling he stepped in behind the man. \"So, able to reconcile the Moore-Hart equations with the Dan Aykroyd variables?\" Alex said, in his best Dr Lazarus voice. \"What?\" Anderson said, clearly frustrated and annoyed. \"I thought you said you didn't know this stuff?\" Alex managed not to goggle at him. This guy thought 'Dan Aykroyd variables' were real maths? Does he watch any movies? \"No, none whatsoever.\" Alex said slowly. The guy still showed know sign of recognition, but now he was getting mad. \"OK, fine. You think I'm an idiot. I get it. Just lay off, alright? This is bad enough as it is without some hack actor trying make me feel like a moron.\" Alex's eyes slitted at the 'hack' reference. Somehow he managed to keep his mouth shut, though it was hard. A few moments later Anderson just threw his hands in the air. \"Oh why do I bother?\" He said, stomping out of the room. \"You figure it out, 'Dr Lazarus'!\" After the door slid shut behind him Alex turned to the screen. \"Hmph, why bother trying to work it out you idiot!\" He muttered. \"Just use it! You've got a whole series of maths equations and you're bogging yourself down in figuring out how the damned things came about.\" He glanced over the screen... OK, he couldn't use that stuff. Way beyond him, but he was pretty sure Anderson could, if he'd just accept the things and work with them. Then the door slid open again and Jeremy Merriweather popped his head in. \"Ah, hello mister Dane. By chance have you spotted Thomas around? The base commander has allocated us some time to plan out the pod and fighter layouts on the new vessel, but I can't do it without him. Wouldn't be right.\" Alex stared at him. \"Let me guess, you've grown up with the whole 'Brits are polite and treat others far better than anyone else' schtick?\" Merriweather blinked as Alex continued. \"Trust me, I've been around the states and across the old country and have learned one thing. People are the same all over. Either uncomprehending morons or Conniving, backstabbing bastards.\" Alex got up and stomped to the door himself, as Jeremy stared shocked at him, then the actor huffed and glanced across at the pilot, a tired looking frown on his face. He paused for moment, then sighed and rolled his eyes. \"He's on the Bridge with Jason, Gwen and Colson.\" Alex said, then shook his head and left. Jeremy opened the door to the bridge and saw a frantic display on the main screen. Dozens of ships plying back and forth, energy blasts heading towards the Protector, Tommy at the controls frantically guiding it back and forth. Nesmith, looking annoyed, was standing at the back, while Colson was giving orders rapidly and emphatically, some to Tommy at the controls, some to the Computer via Gwen at the chair at the back of the room. \"No, come about, hard left. Bring us on their port side. Heave up ten degrees. Computer barrage fire on target number six. No! Mister Weber, up ten degrees. Hold.\" He said as a couple of vessels on the screen broke from the group and starting towards them. \"Slide right, bring our nose to that new target group. Lateral thrusters, port full thrust. Heave up on main thrusters. Twist on a heading of...\" The screen flashed several times and the computer suddenly intoned. \"Plasma armor depleted. Hull receiving multiple impacts.\" Gwen looked thoroughly annoyed at this point and did not attempt to reiterate what the computer was saying. Jeremy didn't think that would go down well with Colson. \"Jink damn you!\" Colson said, getting louder. \"Twist to starboard. Computer, assign new group as target J, fire main guns on it. Weber, bring us to...\" A flash on the screen and it went black. \"Protector has been destroyed. Simulation terminated.\" \"God damn it Weber! Do what I damn well tell you!\" \"He did Colson. Every single thing. Why don't you sit in the flight chair? You seem to know every centimeter you want him to move.\" Colson glared at Jason, ignoring the tired and frustrated looking Tommy Weber. Jeremy winced. He knew that feeling. Colson had a habit of trying to micromanage things and often took it too far, especially when he himself was new at something. Overcompensation? Well... \"Merriweather!\" Colson said, noticing him at the door. \"Get in here and show Weber how combat maneuvers are done.\" Jeremy suppressed a shudder and strode in. \"Actually sir, afraid I can't. Bradford has me organizing the layout for the new smallcraft bays. We need Tommy to assist in the design. Do you mind?\" Colson glared at him, then across at Tommy. He hated it when he was outranked in decisions. \"Fine, get him out of here Flight Lieutenant.\" He grunted grudgingly. \"Make sure to notify me when the layout is finalized. I need to know the deck plans of the finished ship.\" When the two of them had left Colson stood stock still for all of ten seconds before turning on Jason. \"What?\" he said dramatically. \"Oh hey, I was just watching your amazing command style. I'm learning so much from the military mastermind here.\" \"Give me a break!\" Colson said with a snort. \"I suppose you feel you know so much more.\" Jason stared at him for a couple of seconds, then off to one side said. \"Gwen set us up again will you? From the top? Assign a simulated pilot.\" As Gwen muttered quietly to the computer and the screen reset, the view of the Protector jumped into an ambush of multiple targets appearing on the screen. Colson shook his head. \"This is stupid! You have no military training, no understanding of combat, no...\" \"Gwen, open hailing frequency to lead vessel.\" A picture appeared on the screen of a bubbly alien, looking like five brown balls of goo with eyes on stalks. \"Greetings, this the NSEA Protector. How can we help you?\" \"LEaAve thIS spaCE Now oR You WilL BE fiREd upON!\" came the odd, gurgled response. \"We mean no harm. There have been reports of pirate attacks in this sector, we're just checking the local vicinity.\" \"LIES! You Have beeEN TargETTING ouR SHIpping. PiraTES One AnD all!\" Jason held his hands up as Gwen muttered about them powering up weapons and engaging their armor. \"Let us help you locate the pirates. I promise we have not been here before today. What can it hurt? You far out gun our vessel. You can easily destroy us. Allow us to help track down the felonious fiends.\" Gwen winced at 'felonious fiends' but Colson's expression was one of stone as he watched the scene. The alien stretched out a long silence before responding. \"VeRY weLL... But AnY TRicks aND you wILL Be deSTRoyed!\" \"I'm sure we can lend a hand. The Protector is at your disposal.\" The display cut out and Jason turned slowly to Colson and just waved at the blank screen. \"Well, we're not dead. Care to take it from here Colson?\" The General glared at him for a few seconds, then strode over to him, coming inches from his face. \"You can cheat and rig up all the simulations you want Nesmith. If you want to prove you can handle this ship better than me you're gonna have to do way better than that! If an enemy force hits us like that we...\" \"But they didn't hit us. You struck them. Without warning, the moment they appeared.\" Jason said fiercely, staring Colson down. \"What you don't get is that not every incident will end in a battle. You've got to be prepared to fight, but don't assume the first response it to go in guns blazing.\" \"This is a damned simulated battle you moron!\" Jason clenched his eyes shut for a second. \"No. It's a simulated ENCOUNTER. Like I said, not all encounters are violent. Did you pay any attention to the encounter description?\" Colson stood there for a few more seconds, glaring, then without another word stomped out of the room. Gwen shuddered. \"Nice try Jason, but I don't think you're going to get through to him.\" \"If I don't we'll have a hell of a time up there!\" He said.[Chapter 6] \"OK, tell me again Andre. What did you do?\" Gwen said, arms crossed and glaring at the programmer. \"It was just a simple iterative self test.\" The Frenchman said simply, shrugging. \"After I found some Pascal code in the database, it seemed that the primary databus would accept the sequencing, as long as the whole parsing was done locally, with some issues with meta states and...\" Hands slapped on the table as Gwen leaned over, glaring harder. \"OK, try one more time. In plain English. WHAT DID YOU DO?\" Andre gulped, fingering his collar. \"Ah, oui, but of course Gwen.\" He said and licked his lips. \"I attempted to load a pascal code that... um well, should have gone through and found any errors in the computer and corrected them, yes?\" \"And this is why the system has been goofy these last two weeks? I thought back then that you said it didn't work? That the computer didn't even run the commands.\" \"I thought it did not! It was only this morning I figured out it had. The stupid computer seemed to parse it fine, but the whole subarray fed back an non-iterative error. I thought it had misread the primary...\" \"Can it Andre!\" She interrupted again, shaking her head. \"So, how can we fix this? We're getting random errors throughout the Command Section on almost everything. Can you restore it to normal?\" Andre gulped once more, looking sheepishly at the console. \"Ahhh. Maybe. I'll have to isolate any backups the system might have and find the best one to re-upload. Would that be OK Gwen?\" She glared back at him as he shrank into his seat and let him sweat a few seconds. \"Maybe. Be sure you don't screw up again and load up a faulty backup Andre!\" He nodded emphatically, starting to smile once more, if still a bit nervously as she turned and strode out of the chamber. She didn't catch the puppy dog expression as he followed her out of the room. \"Ah, she is a tough nut to crack, true, but I will 'ave her!\" Andre said, then took a deep breath and turned to his keyboard. \"But first, business!\" and began typing at a furious pace. As Gwen walked down the corridor she tried to relax. Andre was seriously beginning to annoy her. Not only was the guy over confident in his own skill with computers, but he seemed totally fixated on her. If he had an ounce of charisma she might have considered it, but as it was he was a self obsessed, annoying jerk, focused on his own... Gwen stopped, blinked, then burst out laughing. Oh Jason certainly wouldn't appreciate being compared to Andre! She'd have to make sure not to let that realization slip out. Sudden rapid sounds of gunfire and explosions made Gwen spin, searching for danger. After the panic last year on the alien ship weapons fire was something she had grown to hate. Even sound effects while on the stage filming the show! \"Nyet!\" Came a rather loud Russian voice. \"Hold it steady! It pulls up, force it back down as you fire.\" Another staccato burst of gunfire followed by another series of explosions and yet another disgusted Russian expletive. \"Gah, I can't work with this! You are no soldier!\" A door burst open and Lyudmila stormed out, scowl on her face and holding a smoking machine pistol. Shortly afterwards Guy ran after her, almost running into Gwen. He quickly apologized then ran after Lyudmila once more. \"Hey, look, I can shoot just fine. Give me a chance! Look, the Ion pistols are perfect for...\" \"Nyet! I do not shoot silly toy guns!\" she said as she stormed out of sight, Guy tagging behind. \"Oh we are pulling together so well, aren't we?\" Gwen muttered to herself. Glancing at the wall were a panel was she spoke up again. \"Computer, time to launch window for Protector Three?\" \"Launch window for Protector Three is in five days, ten hours, fifty seven minutes and twelve seconds.\" \"Thanks computer, and don't let Andre mess you up too bad this time!\" \"Statement not understood. Please rephrase the command.\" Sighing Gwen headed off once more. It was seven AM, four days before lift off, and six tired actors trudged into the cafeteria. \"*Yaaaawwwn* Oh, morning Fred.\" Jason managed. \"What time did you get to sleep last night?\" Fred blinked, seemingly the only one there looking somewhat with it. \"Um, I dunno. Usual.\" He said, then squinted, staring off into the distance for a moment. \"I guess, two or three.\" Jason stared at him and grimmaced as Fred went to sit down at the table. There were some people who were just annoyingly chipper all the time. \"Oh god, tell me we don't have another group session with Colson today?\" Alex moaned, sipping his coffee. Jason remembered yesterday's 'simulation'. \"I think they're scheduled but I'm not sure he'll be present for them.\" \"Here's hoping!\" Alex murmured. Gwen shook her head, glancing around the table. \"Has anyone thought what we're actually going to say to Malthazar when we meet him again? 'Oh, hi Malthazar. You remember us, from the National Space Exploration Administration, those guys with the ultra advanced technology you copied. Well we'd like to examine your technology... Oh, why? Oh, no reason.' \" \"Share Gwen, share technology.\" Jason said, taking a sip of his own coffee. \"There's a difference. Besides, I'm sure Obidia has something figured out.\" \"Uh, you sure on that?\" Tommy said, leaning his elbows on the table. \" 'Cos I don't get that impression. I think he hauled us in here 'cos we know Malthazar. I don't think he has a clue what to do when we meet.\" \"Wouldn't surprise me.\" Alex muttered. \"Guys, guys! Come on!\" Jason said, attempting to get a little more animated, and only partly succeeding. \"He's come through for us so far, right? We just have to trust him.\" Everyone at the table, even Fred, stared at Jason. \"OK. Look I know things are a little weird.\" Alex snorted but Jason attempted to ignore him. \"We just have to give him a chance.\" Gwen shook her head. \"And I think we should still plan what we're going to say to Malthazar. No offence Jason, but I'm not impressed so far with the diplomacy skill we've seen in this Foundation.\" Jason remembered Colson's idea of diplomacy and sighed. \"I... maybe. But they have a ton of experience with aliens that we don't. Over a century.\" \"And most of that was blowing them up.\" Guy muttered, fingering a black eye. \"Or hitting them with something big.\" Jason opened his mouth to ask what the black eye was about, then paused and thought better of it. Guy did not look to be in the mood to talk about it. \"Look, they've got the reactor in position down there, I understand the hull will be ready by tonight, we just have to keep supplying the components they need and we'll be ready to go.\" \"Which is why I think we need to think of what we're going to say.\" Gwen repeated. \"It doesn't sound like Malthazar wants to stay in this neighborhood Jason. To be honest I don't think I blame him. Sarris, those Sval guys. It doesn't sound too friendly around here. We're going to have to think of something to make him stick around long enough for the Foundation to talk to them.\" about three quarters of the way through Gwen's speech Jason started staring off into space. \"Yeah, the Foundation.\" He muttered. \"That could work.\" Idly, with most around the table staring at him, he stood up, fingering his coffee and headed out of the room. \"Jason? Jason!\" Gwen said, then sighed as he completely ignored her. \"Great now he's losing it!\" \"Nah, he's just got an idea.\" Fred said and started munching on a donut. \"Hey, anyone seen where they keep the Bacon?\" Gwen just rolled her eyes and got up herself. She just hoped Jason's idea wasn't too goofy! Sometimes battle was necessary... \"Madison, check the armor regeneration. Lazarus. focus generation to rear. Laredo, think you can weave us around?\" \"Sure thing Jason.\" Tommy said, not noticing Jason's wince at not calling him my his NSEA name. The ship shuddered again as multiple hits struck the rear armor. To the back of the bridge General Colson smiled, seeing things deteriorate as the ship fought multiple, powerful vessels. \"They're trying to find our armor frequency Commander.\" Alex said, not moving his eyes from his console. Jason clicked his comms on from the arm rest controls while talking back to Alex. \"Keep it shifting as much as you can.\" Then he leaned down to his comms. \"Chen, think you can digitize a Lancer right in their path? Maybe one directly in front of each ship?\" \"Uh, probably, but only one per ship.\" Fred answered from the newly built engineering room. \"I know. It'll be enough. Tommy, when he's ready, flip us around and open up with everything you have at the lead vessel, then punch it at Mark five right through them. If we can take one out and distract the rest maybe it'll give us a chance.\" \"Just like episode twelve, year 2? Sure, I got it!\" Jason rolled his eyes. That kid wasn't going to stay in character was he? \"Rear armor at critical.\" The computer intoned. \"Peter.\" Gwen said, actually getting Jason's name right, though she probably should have said 'Commander'. \"When we flip the ship around, all the armor power...\" \"I know, I know. Lazarus get ready to switch regeneration from rear to front.\" The ship swerved under Tommy's guidance, dodging back and forth, but still they were hit again and again, the rear armor down to fifteen percent while Jason watched them slowly open the distance up between them and their pursuers. Jason knew they didn't have enough time to out run them, but as long as they could get enough of a lead to be able to pull off the maneuver... There! \"Hit it Laredo! Lazarus?\" \"On it Commander.\" On the viewscreen stars swirled and shifted as the ship swung around to point back at the ships behind them. Four glaring green dots spat blue fire at them as they accelerated towards them. Some hits struck the fore armor, but Alex had already strengthened it from the reserves and it held. \"Now Chen!\" After a brief pause four bright explosions appeared in front of each ship and they swerved suddenly. Blue and red streams shot from the Protector, spirals of light that tightly homed in on the ship directly ahead of them as it reeled from a direct impact. More lancers spat from the tubes, but enemy defences shot them down before they struck their targets. Another random explosion erupted from one of the distant ships with no warning, then Chen spoke on the comms. \"Sorry commander. Tried a second time, seems they're jamming the digitizing frequencies. Can't try that again.\" \"You gave us an opening Chen, that's enough.\" Jason said back as they plowed towards the dodging enemy ship. \"Laredo, keep it up.\" They screamed in, dots of vessels becoming recognisable shapes on the screen. \"He's weakening.\" Alex said, then on the screen, as they looked like they'd almost ram it, the ship ahead of them exploded in bright technicolor blossoms.\"Yes! He's down, the others are turning though.\" \"Max speed Laredo! Get us out of range of the planet fast! Lazarus, get the Time Knot drive warmed up.\" \"Already on it Commander.\" Then explosions happened, the bridge lurched and the view screen tumbled. \"Warning, rear hull compromised,\" the computer intoned calmly, \"lateral arrays destroyed. Section E, F and G exposed to vacuum. Primary thrusters disabled, main sensors are... Ship destroyed.\" The shaking suddenly stopped and the view screen went blank. \"Damn it! we...\" Suddenly Jason closed his eyes and shook his head. \"Ah, the armor. We never switched the armor to the rear again!\" Alex raised an eyebrow. Jason had said 'we', not 'Alex' or 'Lazarus'. He got a faint smile before a slow clapping started. \"Well done, well done. Completely destroyed the ship. Couldn't have done it better myself.\" Colson said sarcastically. \"I suppose it could have been worse, you could have rammed them.\" \"Hey, we did better than you did 'General'!\" Gwen said bitterly. \"At least we took a quarter of the force out and severely damaged the others.\" \" 'Nearly' doesn't cut it in combat Miss DeMarco.\" He said, barely even glancing at her. \"Look, 'Commander', this is all well and good but I think your time would be better spent getting this ship up to speed.\" Jason frowned, turning in the chair to stare at him. \"What are you talking about? I thought these sessions were your idea?\" \"Hell no! Why the hell would I want you guys to waste time on playing games? I'd much rather you got the reclamators working faster and relating your experiences to your... assistants.\" Silence reigned in the room for a few seconds before Colson sighed and turned, heading for the door. \"Well, as fun as this is I have to get back to work. Enjoy blowing yourselves up again.\" he said, then the door slid shut behind him. \"Jerk!\" Gwen spat out. \"Maybe, but if these simulations weren't his idea then whose?\" Jason said. \"Obby's, gotta be.\" Tommy said as he stretched. \"I guess.\" Jason said, then spun around in the chair. \"Still, we nearly pulled it off. I really think with a bit more experience we can get it right.\" \"So.\" Alex said slowly. \"I take it you want to run that scenario once more?\" \"No. No point in running the same thing over and over. I want us to learn to come together as a team, improvise and improve our tactics. Set us up something random Dr Lazarus.\" Alex groaned at the use of his screen name, but not as heavily as he had done. For some reason the name didn't sound quite as silly as it used to.[Chapter 7] There were now two days left to the deadline and tensions among both cast and assistants were running high. Naturally they took to getting as much time to relax as they could. Right now both Flight Lieutenant Merriweather and Mister Lea-din were grabbing a bite to eat in the mess hall. For once they'd managed to pick a time where it was empty apart from them. \"So, ah, what do you think of our grande Capitan?\" Andre said nonchalantly. \"Nesmith? He seems pretty with it actually.\" Jeremy said, chewing on his food. \"I expected him to be overblown, full of himself. You know, like Colson.\" Andre snorted. \"I do not think either of them would appreciate the simile. I too 'ave been impressed, with the others too. Gwen she may not know programming but she 'as learned the vessel inside and out and 'as become adept at translating what the computer spits out into something everyone else can understand.\" \"Yeah, and have you seen Tommy fly this thing? OK, sure, he doesn't have some of the wider skill sets our pilots do, but he does have a boat load of skill at actually piloting this thing. Lot of sheer instinct for it too.\" \"Me oui, I think th...\" \"ANDRE! WHAT DID YOU DO?\" Jeremy winced at the shriek but Andre seemed to almost collapse in on himself. Turning Jeremy saw Gwen storming into the mess hall, fury pasted on her face. \"What?\" he heard Andre exclaim weakly. \"I haven't touched a terminal today!\" She came over and leaned on the table, glaring into the shorter man's eyes. Dang that woman could be fierce sometimes. \"We've just had the computer switch screens to a system test in the middle of a simulation! It said it wanted to 'Check system integrity according to primary handling matrix.' What the hell is that? What is the primary handling matrix?\" \"I... I don't know!\" Andre said, wilting further. \"I promise I did not do anything!\" \"What about the reboot the other day. How did it go?\" Gwen said, a little quieter, but not less intense. Andre glanced at Jeremy, but he refused to make eye contact. No way was he getting dragged into this! \"I found a series of backups in the database, located the one listed with the highest rating and signaled it to reboot with that one. I didn't even program anything, just used the existing system. I promise, nothing else!\" Gwen paused then stared down at him. \"If we start getting multiple errors again I'm taking it out of your hide. Make sure it's running right.\" And she spun around and stormed out, somehow managing to slam an automatic sliding door. \"Yup,\" Jeremy said after a few moments \"She definitely knows her stuff. Aren't you glad she's on our side?\" Andre managed a weak chuckle and then got up. \"I think I shall be in the computer core room... for a while. Wish me luck!\" \"Will do.\" Jeremy said, then as Andre was leaving couldn't resist adding. \"Don't forget... 'Never give up, never surrender!' \" Andre just gave him a foul look and left. \"Ah, you still got it old boy!\" Jeremy said to himself as he tucked back into dinner. Staring out of the giant window looking over the hanger Jason shook his head. He still couldn't believe they'd actually built it. Total of three and a half weeks, and most of the assembly done this last week. OK, so a lot of the components were either already built or constructed via advanced alien technology, but it was still an impressive feat. \"Yeah, she's a real beauty isn't she?\" Jason jumped and turned to see Obidia smiling next to him. \"Yes, yes she is. You managed to keep her looking almost identical too.\" \"Well we don't have to manage 'identical'. She's not supposed to be the original Protector.\" He frowned. \"Wish we'd had time to put some of your broadcasts out that explained why we're doing this, from their point of view I mean.\" Jason raised an eyebrow. \"Lies you mean?\" \"Heh, kind of comes with the territory Jason. We're trying to save the Earth remember?\" \"I know, still doesn't make it any easier.\" Jason sighed. \"I just remember how Malthazar reacted when Sarris got us to explain our... lies.\" Then Jason glanced more intently out at the hanger, a slow smile coming onto his face. \"Then again, maybe they aren't lies any more? How do you feel about changing the Foundation's name to the National Space Exploration Administration Obby?\" \"Ahhh, no. I don't think so.\" He said. \"Not that the letterheads wouldn't look a darned sight better.\" Chuckling Jason stared back out the window. The smooth lines of the craft were very appealing. Didn't hurt that after the shows and his research this last year he knew that thing like the back of his hand. \"So, today's the day?\" Jason said with a grin. \"What time is the launch scheduled for?\" Obidia frowned at Jason. \"Um, in one hour and you're commanding her. I thought Colson had informed you of everything?\" \"Apparently not.\" Jason said with a sigh. \"Well, I'll go get the team together and meet you on the bridge in twenty minutes.\" Obidia nodded and as Jason headed off into the base he turned back to the view of the hanger with it's new ship and his eyes gleamed. \"Soon. Soon.\" He muttered, with rather an odd looking smile. \"Flight Lieutenant, commence flight checks on all systems.\" Colson said, sitting in 'the chair'. \"Aye aye sir.\" Merriweather said, attempting to remember the various command sequences. \"Mister Lea-din, monitor orbital systems. I know we have clear airspace but make sure we're not going to hit a satellite.\" Andre gulped. This was what he'd been dreading. The last day or so the computer had been really weird. Both good and bad. Last night the thing had actually given him a full diagnostic report on the starboard sensor array... before he asked for it. Then again a few hours earlier it had refused to respond to him when he was trying to check on how the reboot had gone. Oh he really hoped he hadn't messed it up with the reboot! Gwen would kill him! \"Ah, oui capitan.\" Andre managed, and then sighed as the system did respond to him, plotting a course up to orbit. \"Orbital path plotted.\" he said, then blinked as the path changed to a new course... a better one it seemed. OK, weird. \"Doctor Anderson, how's the reactor?\" \"We're steady at forty eight percent power,\" The bland scientist stated, \"feeds to the wave thrusters are nominal. I have a 0.05 variance in the Tritium feed. Max assures me it's within tolerance.\" Colson gripped the chair arms. \"And the time knot drive?\" \"Max is unsure about it. Honestly I wouldn't trust it without a test run with Miss Laliari monitoring it closely. She's the only one who truly understands it.\" Frowning Colson sighed. \"Fine, we'll wait for the FTL trials. For now...\" \"...you're in my chair?\" Jason finished as he entered the bridge. \"Hey Colson. Funny thing. No-one bothered to tell me we were launching now. Can't imagine why.\" He and his crew came onto the bridge, glares at the assistants evident on most faces. \"Nesmith.\" Colson said coldly, nodding slightly at Jason. \"This is a primary systems test, and yes it will be the launch. We need to function as a team, to get our crew working together to understand the system. You have a problem with that?\" Jason smiled, glancing at his crew. \"Actually, no. I agree.\" Jason said with a grin, waving at his team. \"My crew has done this before, your crew hasn't. It stands to reason you should get some experience.\" Colson grunted noncommittally, but as he turned back to the screen Jason continued. \"What I do have a problem with is you deciding to pick a time to launch when my crew was off-ship, and not tell us. Planning on going on the whole mission without us General?\" Without looking away from the screen Colson said quietly back. \"Wouldn't dream of it. Get a seat Nesmith. This may be bumpy.\" Jason nodded to his team and they found spare seats or places to stand where they could grab hold of something. Jason stayed by the door, holding onto the door jam and watching the whole room. \"Flight Lieutenant, engage inertials. All secondary power systems to standby. Bring wave thrusters online.\" He turned to Andre. \"Signal Bradford to open the hanger doors.\" \"No need General.\" The two crews turned to see a somewhat annoyed Obidia following in the more serious Bradford, still in a perfectly pressed MIB style suit. Thankfully he didn't go for the sunglasses look. \"Mr Bradford? I thought you were in charge of the base?\" Bradford sighed, rather melodramatically. \"Yes, that was my assumption too. It seems the powers that be have decided that I am to accompany you on this wonderful venture. Not exactly my first choice of venues.\" He glanced about. \"So, who do I speak to about quarters?\" \"Bradford, it's OK, I'll sort it out.\" Obidia said, looking a little flustered. \"Come with me and I'll find you your quarters.\" \"As long as they are allocated, no. I'll at least witness the launch I've worked so hard to prepare for! General? I believe you were about to leave?\" Colson looked forward and the viewscreen showed the hanger doors opening. \"I do believe I was. Flight Lieutenant, engines to hover mode, disconnect mooring clamps, and forward thrust at mark point 2.\" A faint shudder went through the vessel and the view screen showed them sliding forwards. Beyond the hanger door a channel sloped upwards, with light streaming from above. \"Keep her in line Lieutenant.\" Jeremy smiled as the he nudged the huge ship up, following the passage towards the surface. Up they slid, the tunnel getting brighter, till they lifted slowly clear of the portal, then above the white sands of the dry Sevier lake bed. \"We've cleared the launch channel sir.\" Anderson said. \"We're getting confirmation from command. We're clear all the way to orbit.\" \"You heard the man Lieutenant, engage at mark 1.\" The ship leaped forwards, the crew barely feeling it as they arced upwards, straining to pierce the cloud stippled sky. \"That never gets old.\" Jason said softly, as wisps of cloud shot past their view, the deep blue sky fading to black, peppered with stars. \"We're not here to sight see 'Commander'.\" Colson said over his shoulder, then to Jeremy. \"OK, circularize at two thousand kilometers. Mister Lea-din, get permission from the Dauntless for rendezvous.\" \"Aye aye capitan.\" Andre said, opening comms. Colson turned to Jason and smiled. \"And that is how professionals fly their space ships.\" Jason gritted a smile out, managing to bite back a few choice words he would likely have regretted later... maybe. As Colson turned back to his viewscreen Jason turned to Obby and whispered to him. \"D'ya think they'd miss him? You know, if something 'happened' to him? Just hypothetically speaking?\" Obidia raised an eyebrow. \"I think, yes... Trust me he's not the enemy!\" Obby said. He shook his head, leaving to escort Bradford to his quarters.[Chapter 8] (NOTE: These episodes of late are parts I wrote quite some time ago and never got to post up her (for one reason or another). So expect a few more immediately, but then probably a wait. Part of the reason I remembered to post these is because I'm getting back into the story (though still haven't written any new episodes right now) and hope to have this thing finished sooner or later. This is one of the few tales I have on the go right now where I know where it's heading and what the plot is going to be. I just have to actually be in the mood to write it! *sigh* Here's hoping!) Gwen slumped in a seat in the mess, exhausted after having to deal with about two hundred different comm calls from various Foundation authorities, regulating a couple of meetings between Crew and Assistants, and finally sorting out a cargo fubar that had two tons of ice-cream melting in the rear hanger instead of frozen in the supplies section. \"Oh for a real assistant!\" she muttered. \"Gwen, Miss Demarco!\" Gwen looked up and winced as Andre almost ran into the mess with a very worried expression. \"I said a real assistant!\" She muttered, then forced a smile. \"Andre, what new disasters have befallen us now? Hackers wrecked the flight control systems?\" Andre blinked. \"Ah, no. But the computer is being very weird. Some things it is... anticipating my requests, yet today I asked about some cross-shipments planned when we dock with the Dauntless, and it doesn't have any record of them! I think some hardware may be damaged somewhere. I've run diagnostics and the software seems good.\" \"OK, I guess I could find out what it thinks?\" Gwen said sarcastically, then saw Andre nod enthusiastically. Great, just got myself another job! Good going Gwen! You go from having no job other than repeating the damned computer to running half the ship! With a grimmace she got up from her chair and headed out of the mess. Before she left the door she turned back and looked sharply at Andre. \"Well, coming?\" \"Oh, mes oui!\" He said and hurried to follow her. Up ahead on the viewscreen the bulk of the AFS Dauntless grew in size as they closed to docking range. \"Ugly.\" Tommy muttered. \"Like a flying brick!\" \"Easy Lieutenant.\" Jason said. \"That's AFS Flying Brick to you!\" Tommy grinned back. Thankfully Colson wasn't on the bridge right now, though Professor Miles Anderson was, much to Alex's chagrin. \"OK, Gwen could you...\" Jason turned to find Gwen not at her post. He thought of paging her, but shook his head. \"Alex, could you open a channel to the Dauntless?\" \"I live to serve.\" Alex muttered, but his ire seemed mostly focused on his assistant right now so his heart really wasn't in the dig. The view screen switched and a middle aged, very clean cut man in a deep blue navy uniform smiled at him. \"Good day Commander! The name's Ambrose, Captain of the Dauntless. I've been tasked to stay with you during the space trials till tomorrow's Time Knot exercise. I understand you have our schematics on file?\" Jason smiled and nodded. \"Good. Both of our lateral class three docking ports are available and I understand they'll connect well to your craft.\" \"Thanks Captain, it's nice to be here. We have a few supplies here to send over as well, including a newly constructed Reclamator that my Tech sergeant will help install for you. That should help with any running repairs in future.\" \"Ah, thank you Commander. I'll look forwards to seeing you when you come aboard. Perhaps captain's table at Oh Seven hundred hours GMT? Yourself and senior staff?\" \"That'll be fine Captain. See you then.\" The view screen cut back to a space scene and Jason nodded to Tommy. \"Take us in Tommy, show them what a real pilot can do.\" Grinning Tommy slewed the huge vessels closer together, turning the ship on it's side so as to dock with the Protector's dorsal port on the side of the Dauntless. \"And this time, please don't scratch the paint.\" Jason added. Tommy grimaced at Jason at the reminder of his first attempt at piloting, but Jason didn't really have any worries. The kid had been practicing a lot this last year. Even so, as they neared Jason did not quite manage to hold his expression in check, gulping as they came in rather rapidly, the side of the Dauntless sliding above them as they came in. He wasn't the only one, and Alex closed his eyes and turned away. Tensing he saw them slide in rather quickly, braking at the last second to a... *Clunk* \"Docking complete.\" The computer intoned. \"Ah... good piloting, Laredo.\" Jason said, trying to remember to use their character's names. \"We secure Alex?\" \"Uh, yes. Surprisingly.\" He muttered. \"Good, well, best get sorted out for system checks and crew transfers. Anyone want to join me on the Dauntless?\" Guy didn't seem to react, and hadn't throughout the whole docking. Peering close Jason saw he had earbuds in. Terrific! Shaking his head he turned to Alex who just grimaced back at him. \"OK, well. Carry on people.\" He said and strode out of the bridge. Gwen leaned on the console, eyes straining at the screen. \"Again computer, define 'Wrong'?\" \"Primary database is incompatible with system integrity. Multiple functions dictate high level dichotomy in main haptic address system.\" Gwen turned her head, hoping Andre understood this better than her. Unfortunately he just shrugged. How could she get to the bottom of this when she didn't understand... wait, did she have to know anything about coding? The whole thing was designed around her performance on the show, right? Interpretation and understanding? Blinking she sat back up and tried a different tack. \"Computer, have you been having any other issues that may be connected to this?\" There was a rather long pause and Gwen raised an eyebrow. \"Main processing hub has a zero point zero zero five nine destabilization in the core matrix. Core functions have been undergoing multiple re-routing to avoid high level cascade failure.\" Gwen gaped. She didn't have to know computer speak to know that was wrong! Big time wrong! However, rather than instantly react, again she pondered. This was starting to tweak something in her memory. Something... Dang! She'd have to look it up. Probably one of the TV episodes or something. \"OK, computer, can you determine cause of destabilization in the core matrix?\" Another lengthy pause. \"Determination would require high level self diagnostic with primary systems not involved. Speed of diagnostic would be slowed accordingly. Estimated time, six hours and twenty four minutes.\" \"Would such a high level diagnostic impede ship functions while it is ongoing?\" Gwen asked tentatively. \"Negative. Secondary command cores would initiate the diagnostic. Primary command core would not be hindered.\" \"And might this destabilization be related to the... uh... dichotomy in the... main haptic address system?\" She managed, straining her memory. Andre looked impressed she remembered that. Again a pause. \"Unknown. Incompatibility associated with integral primary systems has overlap with Primary Matrix core systems. Likelihood of destabilization causing incompatibility with system integrity... Not enough data to calculate.\" Gwen drummed her fingers on the panel, then glanced at Andre, raising an eyebrow. Andre nodded back at her, smiling. With a sigh Gwen turned back the computer. \"OK computer, then initiate the high level self-diagnostic on the primary command core.\" \"Working... diagnostic initiated. Diagnostic is zero point zero one percent complete. Zero point zero two percent complete.\" \"We don't need a running report on the percentages. Notify us when diagnostic is complete computer.\" she said tiredly, leaning back in the chair. \"Two masters degrees and five years in ze business and yet you get to the core of ze problem before me?\" Andre said, chuckling. \"Good work miss DeMarco!\" \"All I did was ask it to diagnose itself!\" She said, frowning at him. The guy was seriously dredging to give complements here! \"And we aren't sure that's the problem either.\" \"You miss my point. Ah... I did over an hour of diagnostics and analysis before coming to you. Nothing showed. You got the computer to figure out ze problem itself! You 'ave a way with it, no?\" Gwen self consciously straightened her uniform and grimaced. \"Yeah, I interpret the damn computer. It's all I'm good for!\" and she turned and left the room. \"I think you underestimate yourself Gwen.\" Andre said quietly. \"You and ze computer truly have some kind of affinity.\" He paused and looked up at the screen. \"Or it's insane. One or the other.\" \"Captain Ambrose.\" Jason said, extending his hand. \"It's a pleasure.\" The captain beamed and shook Jason's hand rather firmly, guiding him into the ready room where a rather expansive meal was laid out. \"Oh it's all mine Commander... Taggart? Or do you prefer Commander Nesmith?\" Jason blinked. No-one had ever called him that before. It was an odd feeling. \"Um, Taggart's fine.\" He said self-consciously. \"Gonna have to get used to it when Malthazar is around.\" Stepping in behind Jason Fred and Tommy looked appreciatively at the food laid out. \"Ah, Miss Demarco or Mr Dane couldn't make it?\" Jason smiled. Alex didn't want to be seen dead over here (he wouldn't say why), and he hadn't been able to find Gwen in the short time he had. \"No, they had duties to attend to I'm afraid.\" Jason said, then motioned to his compatriots. \"This is Lieutenant Laredo and Tech sergeant Chen.\" Fred winced at the last. \"Honored to make your acquaintance. This is Major Dietrich, my adjutant.\" a fair haired, very stiff looking man clicked his heels together in a rather German looking 'salute'. Jason gave the chest thumping Galaxy Quest 'salute' in response back. It was odd, since the trip with Malthazar last year, the salute had felt less and less silly. Once they were all seated Ambrose waved to the plates and motioned for them to dig in. What was on the table was cheese, crackers, chips, various dips etc. Jason opted for nibbling on a cheese stick and attempted to look serious. \"So, Captain, how long have you been plying the spaceways?\" he said. \"Oh quite a while now. I've been Captain of the Dauntless for about four years. Before that I served on the carrier group in the pacific that fielded the ACF-11, the forerunner of our current Griffon fighters. I flew a few on scout missions by and by. Not that that was strict operating procedure of course!\" Ambrose said with a smile and a wink. \"Heh, I gather you run by a similar rule book eh?\" Jason blinked, then thought back on the show. Yeah, the Commander did tend to leave the ship a lot and head out on the abroad teams didn't he? Er, that is He did. Can't think of Taggart as a separate person. He was Taggart! Jason desperately did not want to disappoint Malthazar when they met! \"I... guess so. It's certainly been interesting.\" Jason's smile faded though when he considered that only one of those times was actually outside a studio. Yeah. Actor in a Commander's uniform. \"So. Dietrich.\" Tommy said, stopping salsa dipping for a moment. \"What exactly do you do on the Dauntless usually? Organize the crew? liaison kind of thing?\" The blonde, overly serious man nodded formally. \"Yah. Second in command und all. It is a busy schedule, but satisfying. You are pilot, yah?\" \"Yah.. Yes.\" Tommy said, shaking his head a bit. \"Yeah. I pilot the Protector and the landing pods. Though the Commander has gotten pretty good at handling the girl himself.\" Jason coughed and waved a hand. \"Well, you know, Tommy showed me the basics. On the show I never did do much other than order people around, point guns at weird aliens...\" \"And get all the weird colored girls!\" Tommy said with a chuckle. \"... and that.\" Jason said, frowning for a second at Tommy. \"Anyway, I figured it couldn't hurt to get in a little practice. Just in case, you know. Not that I think anything would happen to you Tommy.\" Tommy's smile faded and the two stared at each other awkwardly for a moment. \"Yeaaaah.\" Tommy said, turning his gaze back to Dietrich. \"Anyway. I've had a go on your fighter, it's pretty cool. A little faster than our pods actually, though fuel is a problem we don't have to worry about on the pods. They can run for a week!\" \"Yes.\" Ambrose said, taking a sip of water. \"I have to admit your pods are rather interesting. They use some kind of gravity drive, yes? Similar to your starship?\" Everyone on the table turned to look at Fred, who had a mouth full of celery at that moment. Stopping mid-chew his eyes roamed the group for a second before he gave a rather forced swallow. \"Uh, no... not really. It's kind of funky. It's a wave riding plasma system.\" He said, holding his arms up over the table, his hands one on top of the other, slowly waving them up and down in sinc. \"They use gravity to... sort of pinch matter and squish it out into, like another universe or something. Really cool. They glow bright blue! Makes beautiful mood lighting.\" Silence followed this as Fred started on his celery again. Finally Jason coughed once more, the dry cheese sticks getting stuck in his throat a little. \"Right, anyway, we could probably loan you a pod if you want Captain? We have three built right now and could probably build another in...\" he looked at Fred for a moment. \"About... what four days? A week.\" Fred nodded amiably while chewing. \"Given the materials anyway.\" \"That would be splendid! I think it's already been arranged, but a couple of ACF-12 Griffons could easily fit in your bay with some service equipment. Heh, Tommy and Jeremy could try racing around the belt eh?\" Tommy choked on a chip and Chen leaned over, patting him on the back. \"Uh, yeah.\" Tommy said slowly. \"That'd be... fun.\" He certainly didn't sound enthused. \"Well, it's good to see things finally getting off the ground Commander.\" Ambrose said to Jason. \"I understand the trials for the Time Knot drive are tomorrow?\" \"Well, we hope so. Fred, Laliari and Max seem to think it's ready. Once proven I'm sure we can get the Dauntless fitted out with something.\" \"I'll drink to that!\" Ambrose said, raising his water glass. \"To interstellar travel!\" The group clinked their glasses then stared as waiters started to bring in the main course, which seemed to be roast pork... by the number of platters of meat a whole pig! \"Well, you certainly seem to have the supplies for it. I don't suppose we can snag your cook for the trip can we?\" Ambrose smiled widely at Jason. \"I'd rather be beaten to death with a blunt instrument.\" he said, emphatically, but still smiling. The other's smiles faded and they looked at each other in yet another awkward moment. It didn't last long at least, and the pork really was good! Engineering was a hive of activity. Various technicians were circulating around both the main fusion reactor and the oddly shaped Time Knot Drive which thrummed at a low level, almost setting your teeth on edge. \"Yeah, annoying isn't it.\" Fred said as Colson stared into the controlled chaos that was engineering. \"I've been trying to get our guys to tune that hum out, but so far, no luck.\" All Fred got back from Colson was a stare. \"Yeah, well... I gotta go help Elle. Um. Bye.\" He managed awkwardly as Colson continued to stare. When the annoying man was gone Colson turned his attention back to the high tech equipment. It was frustrating to have to rely on idiots to get all this working, and now they were acting like it was THEIR ship! He may be a 'General' but in the Foundation's ranks he might as well be an Admiral. Military distinctions between forces had begun to vanish within the Foundation about thirty years ago with the advent of those airborne tanks... admittedly it was later found that the whole principle of the thing had been flawed, but it looked for a time as if one vehicle could fill roles for Navy, Air force and Army. None had agreed on that of course, but it was forced on them from on high. But, even after that 'air tank' project was proven to have very serious flaws and was dropped, the differing forces maintained their amalgamation. Still, the various forces stuck with their ranks just to spite their civilian bosses. It certainly made life in the Foundation Military... interesting. But, this? This would make the difference! Staring at the fabled Time Knot Drive Colson allowed a feral smile to cross his face. If they could truly get this working, get it installed on their own ships rather than on this prop duplicate farce of a ship... well, lets see any aliens try a hit and run raid again when Earth forces could damned well catch them! \"Sir?\" Colson turned to see one of the minor technicians approach him with a clipboard. \"Yes Helford?\" Colson had an almost eidetic memory for names of underlings. Unfortunately it seemed to fail with people he met outside of the service. Something about his subconscious not really thinking of them as important enough to remember. \"Um, current projections say we've got all the power levels right, but we're trying to install more capacitors just in case.\" \"Capacitors? I thought this was powered by the reactor?\" Colson said, nodding his head towards the large sphere of the pulse fusion core. \"Well, yes. Indirectly.\" technician Helford said nervously. He coughed and consulted his clipboard. \"Right now it's rigged up with four C94 energy banks. The reactor charges up the banks, then they discharge to engage the Time Knot Drive. The reactor can stabilize the drive through distortion space but actually opening a knot? We can't generate that much power. It'll have to be stored before we can engage the drive.\" Colson's eyes became a little distant, as if seeing more than the room around him. \"So, we'll need to charge up before jumping huh? Annoying.\" \"Well, it's probably not safe to keep the banks charged, so yes sir.\" Colson caught the guys worried expression and frowned, fixing him with his glare again as a sign for him to spit out whatever it was he was holding back. He got the message. \"Yes... erm... well... it's the guns. Our reactor is not as powerful as the Thermian's Beryllium sphere so... well, we have to charge up to power the guns as well, and the Plasma armor will take longer to build unless we have the energy bank charged too.\" Colson slowly closed his eyes and pinched his nose, letting a sigh slowly escape. \"So. Let me get this right.\" He said with a strained voice. \"It's 'unwise' to keep the capacitors charged, but without them charged our drive won't work, our weapons won't work and the armor will be less effective?\" He paused, still with his eyes closed. \"Tell me, how long to charge the energy bank?\" \"To fire weapons? Maybe just twenty thirty seconds. That'd give you a few volleys. To fully charge? To jump? I'd say about five minutes.\" Colson seriously considered throttling the man, but reminded him that this was the best humanity could do. Maybe, maybe, the cursed actors could persuade the Thermians to part with their Beryllium sphere technology. After a few moments he realized that Helford was still standing there. \"Well? See about getting those extra energy banks made, and work on stabilizing one or two banks so we can keep them charged without risk. I'd at least like to be able to return fire if we're attacked!\" \"Y... yes sir!\" He squeaked and ran off. Damned techies! The mess hall on the Protector 3 was busy. It was mere hours before the Time Knot trials and the crew was certainly excited. All of Jason's crew were here, chatting happily among themselves, and some of Colson's command staff too... sorry, assistants. The rest of the ship crew was here in force too, though they seemed to keep a way from the command staff for some reason. Perhaps due to the large numbers of shouting matches that had played out between the two groups the last couple of days in here. Still, today things were more upbeat and nobody was shouting. At least for the moment. \"And what about those transport disk thingies?\" Jason said with a mouthful of steak. Fred smiled as he tucked into his own fish dinner. \"Yeah. Elle says she doesn't have the materials to build the flux generators. Those disks aren't solid, they're energy matrices to spontaneously absorb moisture and local matter to build the substratum vortex around the multi-phase locus of the passenger.\" Jason's bite of steak on his fork paused halfway to his mouth as Fred talked, him staring at his friend. \"Energy who what now?\" Fred calmly looked back at Jason. \"You know. They aren't solid, but can be projected anywhere we're scanning. If we had them I mean. Everything else is kind of squirted in from other dimensions or whatever to protect the people inside. Ya know?\" Fred had obviously been listening far too much to Laliari recently... and somehow remembering it! \"Commander!\" Came the familiar voice of Obidiah. \"So, all excited about the test?\" Jason sighed and looked over as Obby sat down beside him grinning. Though his grin looked a little fixed. \"Um, yeah. Are you OK Obby?\" Obidiah leaned back, his grin fading a little. \"Well. Yes, it's just...\" he frowned. \"This is a little unexpected. I thought I'd just have to write reports and formalize everything. Now... I don't know.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Tommy said from across the table. \"It's Bradford.\" Obby said simply. \"I had no idea he was getting put on board for this trip, and it doesn't bode well.\" Jason put his fork down and turned to face the worried looking man. \"Why?\" Obby sighed. \"It's difficult to explain, well, some of it's obvious. Politics. But in the foundation nothing's quite as simple as normal. You see, the forces that make up the Foundation, military and civilian, are recruited from the countries that put into it. But once in technically they are just Foundation, not beholden to their country of origin any more.\" \"Technically huh?\" Gwen said shaking her head. \"Nothing changes.\" \"Indeed not. There are factions within the Foundation and they vie for control, partly within the council in charge, but also at lower levels. Mostly these factions are based on the nationalities involved, even though the Foundation can't give anything directly back to it's individual members. That'd be like handing a pack of Semtex to aboriginals!\" He took a bit of his own dinner, pausing for a moment while the others stared at him. With a sigh he put down his fork. \"OK, look, Bradford was in charge of the base. He's with the American contingent who have been in favor for the last thirty years after the Brits lost favor. Lately though German and French groups are coming to the top and I think this is some kind of desperate play on certain council members part. He's influential, well respected and known not to play sides normally. He's been in charge of a lot of operations so has some considerable experience. I'm guessing he's here to say whether we adopt any of the tech here in the long term.\" \"Wha?\" Jason said, incredulously. \"What are you talking about? You've already said, Thermian stuff is light years beyond what you can build. How can anyone in the Foundation consider ignoring that?\" \"Idiocy?\" Gwen said with a chuckle \"Or Politics. Same thing.\" Obby pointed his fork at her and smiled. \"She has a point.\" Then his smile faded. \"But seriously, I don't want to loose this edge. I think I've already put enough respect for all this for the Time Knot drive to be accepted, but even the Reclamators are being looked at oddly. Some are saying they might be too dangerous to use.\" Fred snorted. \"That's silly! Your little reactor is way more dangerous!\" \"Yes, I know. Doesn't stop words being bandied around behind closed doors. Look, just be careful and put on a good face for Bradford. He has to think that all this is worth it. AND that you are worth it! If you ever want to be in this ship again in the future then get on his good side!\" Conversation seemed to fade out after that and far more serious expressions were had all round. Well, it was a serious subject.[Chapter 9] In the depths of space two ships glistened in the night. One a blocky rendition in red and grey, somewhat resembling a bastardized son of a wet navy battleship and a skyscraper, the other a white craft with accented blue trim, in a ring and rocketship design. The white ship glided slowly away from the red and grey vessel, the stenciled letters PROTECTOR III visible on it's side, while the other blocky ship cast dozens of small sensor satellites to monitor the situation. On the bridge of the Protector 3 both crew and assistants manned their posts, extra seating having been manufactured specially for the occasion. \"Fred reports the engines are working Commander.\" Alex reported. He seemed to be attempting to look bored, but a nervous tik tweaked his right eye every now and then while his hand idly tapped a nervous beat on his console. Jason glared angrily at Alex, almost saying something again about 'staying in character', but he let it slide. \"Very well 'Dr Lazarus', tell him to maintain power levels.\" He turned to Tommy in the control seat. \"OK, bring the time knot drive online, set course for Pluto and give me a reading.\" Tommy nodded nervously, tapping his touchscreen panel and carefully adjusting his heading. Licking his suddenly dry lips he checked off icons on the display, then typed a curt message one handed to Alex on an internal IM system. Jason turned as Alex snorted, attempting to turn it into a sneeze. \"Commander?\" Came General Colson's deep tones from behind him. \"Is everything OK?\" Jason sighed. \"Yes general, everything is fine.\" A few seconds later there was a 'ping' sound from Tommy's control panel and a multicolored display lit up. After peering at it for a few seconds he turned to Jason. \"Uh, looks good Commander. We have a distortion space map for the course. Looks solid. Should I Tie It?\" Jason winced. Yeah that nickname for engaging the time knot drive HAD to go! \"Engage the drive Tommy. Twenty percent power.\" A hum pervaded them, even up here on the bridge, then the view screen lit up with a scene from engineering, Fred in the foreground with fingers jammed in his ears. \"Uh, Commander? I think we need to... sort of tune it a little.\" A screaming whine overlaid his speech making it almost inaudible. \"Just hold it at...\" he turned to look at Max who was mouthing something while holding ear muffs on his head. \"... uh ten percent for a minute? Yeah, thanks.\" \"Yes, it's obviously working perfectly.\" Colson said with a snort. Jason tried to ignore him and shouted above the din to Fred. \"OK, holding at ten percent!\" He nodded to Tommy and the whine grew a little quieter. After a few seconds the whine started to diminish and finally disappeared. \"Hey, great going guys! Ya got it!\" Fred said to the engineering team before the view switched back to stars. \"I take we're good to go?\" Jason said, looking over his shoulder at Alex, who just shrugged at him. Closing his eyes Jason wondered 'Why me?'. Taking a deep breath and praying it was all working he turned back to the monitor. \"Alright, power back to twenty percent, then engage time knot drive Lieutenant.\" Tommy nodded nervously and slowly tapped on the controls. Ahead of them space seemed to compress, twisting into swirls of light. Then, with a streak of distortion, the ship catapulted forwards. The bridge juddered slightly, and then the view screen showed twisting swirls of purple light for a few seconds. Before anyone could react they vanished in another swirl of light, and then stars snapped back into view. Jason slowly got out of his chair and grinned, staring at the viewscreen where a dim crescent was visible, with a second crescent almost as large just beyond it. \"Pluto and Charon gentlemen, the official edge of the solar system.\" Jason paused, remembering a tidbit of information from one of the Questcons. \"If you ignore the Oort cloud anyway.\" \"We did it!\" Gwen said, before reigning herself in. \"Which, of course, I never doubted.\" \"Congratulations.\" Colson said sourly, leaning on Jason's chairback. \"Now, please get us back to the Dauntless. I'd like to confirm the setup for the time knot drive before we leave the solar system. Eventually the Dauntless has to get this thing working too!\" Everyone was rushing now it seemed. Last he'd heard they were spending at least a couple of days with the dauntless going over the new systems that had been installed. Guess the race around the asteroid belt was off. Tommy would be gutted! \"Well?\" Jason said, striding into the engineering section. Fred looked up, the stick of a lollipop sticking from his lips as he grinned at Jason. \"Oh, hey Commander. What brings you down here?\" \"The engines Fr... Tech Sargent Chen.\" Again he caught the wince. Well, Fred could damned well get used to it! \"Oh, don't worry, just a little resonance problem.\" He said patting a large grey cowling that was still humming faintly. \"Max had some goo that damped that down real good.\" \"Goo?\" Jason wondered what... On second thought. \"Never mind. Is it fully operational now? Can we head back in system again? Without any problems.\" \"Oh sure. We're good.\" He said, a silly grin on his face. Actually, Jason could rarely remember a time when Fred didn't have a silly grin on his face. There was a thump from behind the cowling and a curse, then Max slowly crawled out from behind it, covered in grease. \"Ungh! I thought these things would be self maintaining or something.\" He muttered, then saw Jason. \"Oh. Er, Commander.\" He seemed caught, unable to decide whether he should salute or not, his hand wavering awkwardly. \"At ease crewman.\" Jason said with a smile. \"So, how are you finding the new Protector?\" Max glanced around nervously. \"Oh, she's fine. Little different than I expected, but the tech's incredible. Some of it anyway.\" He gave the cowling a scowl. \"Good. We'll soon be heading out. Colson wants to head back to Dauntless just to update them on the time knot trial, then immediately head for the rendezvous with Malthazar.\" He glanced between Max and Fred. \"Neither of you have a problem with us heading into deep space with the engines right now? No lingering problems or doubts or... anything?\" Both shook their heads, Fred still sucking on his lollipop. \"Great!\" Jason said, clapping and rubbing his hands together. \"Well, keep up the good work men!\" and he turned and headed out. \"Does he know how condescending he sounds when he says stuff like that?\" Max said sidelong to Fred. Fred just grinned. \"Naah, not a clue.\" A few hours later, somewhere in a twisted, distorted pocket of reality, lightyears from Earth (if distance has any meaning here) the Protector cruised down the purple corridor of it's own making, heading out towards the rendezvous with Malthazar. \"Cheese balls anyone?\" Tommy said, stepping onto the bridge. \"These guys came on with a pretty good chef huh?\" Jason glared at Tommy. Cheese balls from a 'pretty good' chef? Tommy's standards must be pretty low. Still, he was hungry. \"Uh, sure Lieutenant.\" The viewscreen showed the purple tunnel ahead as they cruised superluminarily... or whatever the word was. Superluminry? Super... whatever, faster than light at any rate. \"Do they have soda?\" He asked as Tommy put a little cup of cheese balls on his chair arm. \"Oh heck yeah. Pretty good rootbeer too. But don't go for the beer. I think there's something wrong with the food synthesizer or something.\" Not the chef anymore if there's problems huh? Jason smiled. \"Fair enough.\" Jason said, then turned to the conn. \"Flight Leftenant, how's the course going?\" Jason said to Jeremy, pronouncing the British version of 'Lieutenant' carefully. What was with that anyway? They even spelled it 'Lieutenant'. Brits were just weird. \"On course so far sir. Flight controls stable in supraluminairy flight.\" Jason tried to memorize that. Surely Jeremy knew what he was talking about. \"Estimated two hours to rendezvous with Protector 2.\" \"Good good. Keep it up. Shift change in an hour?\" He said glancing at a clock on his chair display. He'd prefer it if Tommy was back at the controls when they met with Malthazar. Both Jeremy and Tommy nodded as Tommy headed out. Probably to get more cheese balls. \"Sir.\" Anderson said from science console. \"I'm reading some instabilities from the fusion core. I don't understand it, we've used these reactors for years. Something must be interfering with the primary plasma flow.\" Jason turned his chair around and looked at Anderson. \"Is there any danger?\" \"Right now? No sir. It's minor and systems are compensating. I'd suggest going over it when we get back to base though. This shouldn't be happening.\" Jason nodded, but was worried. On the show when someone said 'It'll be fine' when a problem showed up, something always went horribly, horribly wrong! Have to talk to Fred later, maybe he can do something with the thing? He sat back to wait for them to finally arrive. To be here, out in space again, cruising through... whatever that purple stuff was, it was good. Smiling Jason wondered how Malthazar was doing. Well, he guessed they'd find out in a couple of hours.[Chapter 10] \"Keep up!\" Lyudmila yelled. Guy wondered again what the heck he was doing. Panting as he ran along behind the Russian... whatever she was. Spetznaz or whatever. That was what they called it wasn't it? He was pretty sure. Or maybe something KGB related? No, that was before the... \"I SAID KEEP UP!\" she shouted again. He wiped the sweat from his head and ran on, somehow managing to keep up with her. It had been like this for the last week. He'd been attempting to get her to try the Nebulizers (again) and she'd instead said they needed to 'start from scratch'. So, here he was, doing push ups, or lifting weights, or otherwise humiliating himself in front of her for nearly eight days now! He wasn't a triathlete or anything! The run lead out onto the outer decks once more and Guy glanced out the window, just in time to see the purple wash of Distortion space fade and stars flash back. \"Huh *pant* looks like we're at the rendezvous point.\" Guy gasped, then as he passed another window he blinked, skidded to a stop and went back to the window. \"Hey, is that a ship? It doesn't look like the Protector.\" \"Taking another break?\" Lyudmila said, frowning back at him as she jogged in place. \"You'll never improve like that!\" \"It's just there's a ship out there and it's not ours or Malthazars?\" he said, trying to get his breath back. \"We should check it out.\" \"You are just looking for excuse da?\" She frowned. \"This is not...\" *CRASH!* The corridor shook and both of them fell to the floor. Dazedly Guy picked himself up and peered out the window seeing a flash of energy zoom towards them. \"Brace yourself!\" he yelled, just before the room shook again. \"We're under attack!\" Jumping to his feet as sirens went off around the ship Guy found energy he didn't know he had and dashed back to the security quarters. He needed his weaponry! \"Report!\" Jason said, holding on to his chair. \"Who the hell is it?\" Tommy was maneuvering the ship around and on the viewer Jason could see four, no five contacts zipping around them as they fired on him. \"I... I'm not sure. They're small.\" Anderson said from science. \"I can see that!\" Jason said irritatedly. \"Is the armor holding?\" \"Ninety percent, now that it's up.\" Anderson said, gulping. He'd been a little slow bringing the plasma armor online after Jason had yelled for him to raise it. \"It's holding.\" \"Gwen, hail them.\" Jason said as Tommy flung them in another maneuver to attempt to avoid the weapons fire. \"And see if you can find the Protector Two Anderson. Malthazar should be here.\" Jason wished Alex had made his shift! Dang it, for all the times for him to be late. At least he seemed to know the controls, even if he was rather reticent about using them normally. \"I'm... not getting anything from them Jason... I mean commander.\" Gwen said after a few moments. \"OK, that's it. No more mister nice guy!\" Jason said. \"Bring us around onto a bearing to the nearest ship Lieutenant Laredo. All particle cannons on target.\" Tommy nodded with a grin and the view swung around dizzyingly on to one dot on the viewscreen. Bright flickering beams, both red and blue, shot towards it. The enemy ship was small and dodged most, but one shot struck true and it spun abruptly, sparks flying. \"Again, see if you can scare them off.\" Again flashes of beams struck out, and this time three connected and the target vanished in a blast of light. \"Uhhhh...\" Anderson said. \"I think... yes. These other two are inbound. They're going to ra...\" The ship shook as two of the small ships struck hard, ramming the Protector from two direction at once. \"DAMAGE REPORT!\" Jason yelled again. \"Ungh.\" Anderson managed to pick himself from the floor and held onto his console. \"Armor... gone. Recharging. Minimal hull damage. Wait, one of the ships didn't break up on impact. It's stuck itself to the hull!\" \"Tommy, get us out of here. Max thrust! Anderson, get that armor back up, divert all weapon power to the armor!\" The ship spun and then shot off at a random direction and Jason saw the two remaining ships swipe by them, surprised by the rapid maneuver. They pulled back on their tail, but it gave enough time for a bit of armor to build. Enough to take the two shots they put across the Protector's bow. \"OK, keep ahead of them Tommy. Dodge, but mainly just try and outpace them. You can outpace them, right?\" Tommy glanced at a couple of his screens as he flew then smiled. \"Yeah, only just but yeah, gonna need a lot of power to the drives though.\" \"Sure. Anderson, reallocate to drives, just keep enough to maintain the armor.\" Before Anderson could respond he turned back and hit the comm switch. \"Bridge to security. We have boarders in...\" He turned and looked meaningfully to Anderson. Anderson stared back for a moment, not getting it. Annoyed Jason clicked comms off \"Where, where did that ship dock?\" he yelled to the man. \"Oh, right. Uh...\" Anderson flicked through a couple of screens. \"Deck three, section eight.\" Jason clicked comms back on. \"... in section eight on deck three. A ship rammed us there and appears to have held on. Secure the area and make find out how many got on board.\" \"Nearly *pant* there!\" came the call back from Guy. Whoah, sounded like he was already en-route. Jason raised his eyebrows. Maybe guy was taking his job seriously after all? Running from security, Lyudmila easily keeping pace with him, Guy checked his pistols. He'd grabbed two, just for the hell of it, and now was nearing the intersection where the ship had crashed. He'd already checked the computer report, he hadn't needed the commander's warning and had already been heading there. Heck, what were computers for anyway? \"Nearly *pant* there.\" he repeated. Then he caught something black moving across the corridor and jerked sideways, slamming Lyudmila into an adjoining room. The two landed in an awkward pile and Guy blinked, staring at... \"Please get off me.\" Lyudmila said, ice in her voice. Guy very quickly removed his face from the Russian's chest and gulped as he got up and headed back to the door. \"Yeah, sorry. Uh. We got company!\" he said, trying to change the subject. \"Bad guys. That away!\" \"How you know? I saw nothing?\" \"We don't have anyone wearing jet black armor do we? No, I don't think so. I saw a guy, or something, move back there and they were all in black. Best be safe huh?\" Lyudmila frowned and pulled out her SMGs, one in each hand. \"We will see about that!\" She ran up to the door frame and peered around the side. \"I don't see any... wait. Yes! Ugh! Ugly!\" Guy peeked past her himself and saw... a bug. A seven foot long bug holding some kind of rifle! It looked like a huge, jet black beetle, but two of the 'legs' were arms. Lyudmila was right, it was ugly. \"I only see one. We clear this corridor, dash down to that opening and we have sight on crash point, yes?\" Guy saw what she meant. The access-way there, near the primary crew quarters, gave a clear view up the adjoining corridor to where the enemy ship had crashed. A bit of cover, and they should be able to see who was boarding and how many there were. \"Sounds good. OK, first we...\" Lyudmila didn't even listen, she tensed, then dashed across the hallway, blazing away with her guns, before entering the door opposite. Sparks flew off the skin of the insect... no, it had some kind of bluish halo. Some kind of energy armor? The bullets had bounced of it. The creature didn't even seem phased by her shots! \"Mudak!\" Lyudmila gasped, as she saw her rounds have little effect. \"It's protected by some kind of energy barrier.\" Guy said. \"Those kind of things draw a lot of juice. If you can keep firing maybe it'll weaken the...\" Before he could say anything a blur of black shot past him, bounced off the wall by his door, and shot towards Lyudmila. The woman was quick, and threw herself out of the way as the bug landed just where she'd been standing, but she fell to the ground and looked up to see it leaning over her as it pulled back to strike. *Spang. SPLOTCH!* The bug disintegrated in a very unimpressive pop of energy, sparkles spanging off the walls. Guy blew non-existent smoke from the barrel of his Nebulizer and peered round the wall down the corridor again. \"Looks clear.\" He said, not registering the shock on Lyudmila's face. \"Come on. Hopefully there aren't too many of those guys.\" He dashed, awkwardly, down the corridor, waving his pistols around as he ran. The guy looked like an idiot, but as Lyudmila picked herself up and followed she realized she'd misjudged him before. Maybe he did know what he was doing after all! She smiled and followed him into the access way. Alex was trapped! He'd overslept and was awakened by the alert sirens blaring and the room shaking. Blearily he'd dressed, wondering if this was Colson's idea of a drill or something. Finally he'd got out of his room and two... things, had rushed up and pinned him to the wall. They looked like Pill Bugs, squashed heat to foot (or whatever), jet black with six limbs under their wide carapace, two limbs holding stubby looking guns or other implements. They hadn't said a word, just stood there, one holding him to the wall, the other fiddling with a wall panel. \"Um... take me to your leader?\" He said, wincing at the inanity of it. The bug didn't even respond. He could see it typing something on the access panel but couldn't see what it was. It didn't seem to be having much luck whatever it was trying to do. \"Well, at least you guys seem to have a better special effects budget that we do.\" Again, no response. He was just about to try something else when there was a cry, the bug on the console jerked and turned around, and sparks started flying off it's shell. Alex heard the bark of a machine gun of some kind. \"Ricochets!\" The angry voice of Guy came from up the corridor. \"For gods sake, ricochets!\" The bug shot up the corridor, it's four legs pistoning impossibly fast as it ran, almost bouncing off the corridor walls as it jinked from side to side. Then it literally exploded, a blossoming pop that almost looked like a firework going off, a few fragments of black carapace pinging off the walls. Alex caught sight of Guy and that Russian woman up there, Guy holding her back while he pointed his ray gun down at the remaining bug. The bug in question was acting jittery, but was keeping by Alex, pinning him to the wall still. \"A little help here!\" Alex yelled, but then gasped as a chitinous arm pressed to his throat. \"In a minute!\" Guy yelled back tiredly. What, was this some kind of game to him? Alex was going to kill him! If he lived through this. The bug holding him lifted it's weapon up and bright orange flashes shot up the corridor, Guy and the Russian darting into cover. An incoherent screech echoed through the ship as the Bug warbled... something. Then it turned, it's arm grabbing Alex by the throat and lifting him up the wall, his feet dangling uselessly. \"ARRGH!\" He gasped, fighting for breath. \"For god's sake! Help!\" Alex caught sight of movement out of the corner of his eye and looked across just in time to see the Russian woman charge out of a nearby door and slam into the creature, knocking it backwards. Alex, still clutched by the neck, flew with it, and felt a crunch as he hit the ground, the bug bouncing off his chest, then rolling down the hallway. Letting out a scream grabbed at his leg, feeling the bones grate horribly. After a moment he managed to grit his teeth and just panted. \"Oh christ! 'Break a leg' is supposed to be metaphorical!\" He managed through clenched teeth. Suddenly Guy was next to him, peering down while the Russian woman tried to see where the bug had gone. \"Are you OK Alex?\" Guy said, offering a hand to him. \"No of course I'm not alright!\" He said, grimmacing. \"I've got a broken leg!\" \"Heh. Don't worry. We'll have you all patched up in no time.\" Alex fixed the security chief with a withering stare. He didn't have a lot of faith in the medical bay they'd 'reconstructed' on this ship. It was hardly as if... Suddenly there was a cry, the Russian turned and Alex saw what she'd seen, the bug rushing out into the corridor towards her and... Alex gasped as Guy spun, drew his pistol and fired in less than a second. Another sizzling pop and the creature vanished in a trail of sparks, a single chitinous leg flying inches from Alex's face to bounce against the far wall. \"You OK Lyudmila?\" He said. \"Damned those things are fast! I think that's all of them.\" Guy flicked open a communicator. \"Security to the bridge. We got three, but Dane's... I mean doctor Lazarus is down. Broken leg. Can sensors tell if there are any more?\" \"Hang on, we're checking.\" Came Jason's voice. \"No, that seems to be it, and Anderson assures me their docked ship is empty too. When we've pulled away from the alien ships we'll get it free and pull it into the hanger to examine it. Good job Chief. Bring Alex to the med bay.\" Alex groaned, then gritted his teeth as a wave of pain flooded over him. \"I think moving is the last thing I want right now.\" Guy put his pistol away and crouched down beside him. \"Don't worry, we'll figure this out, just like in episode forty five with the Zestral phantoms.\" Alex stared at him, face blank. \"Seriously? You're still quoting the damned series? Get a life!\" \"Doctor Dane,\" The Russian said in a soothing tone, \"we will ensure your safety. Do not worry.\" Alex sank back against the wall with a sigh and tried to avoid wincing. Even small movements felt like broken glass grating inside his leg! Damn it all! He'd kept a straight face while playing in front of a full audience at the Albert Hall with a sprained ankle once. He damned well wasn't going to let this floor him! \"Anderson, how is that armor?\" Jason said over his shoulder, gripping the chair arms tight as Tommy threw the ship through some tight maneuvers. \"So far, steady about about five percent. They've not got very powerful weapons, but with the two crashes wiping the armor out... if they get a few lucky shots it could wipe us out.\" \"Tommy, great flying. Keep it up and get us out of their range.\" On the screen the stars swirled left to right, twisting and jerking, as Tommy 'Laredo' fought the ship, whilst still trying to pull ahead of the two remaining vessels. \"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?\" Came the shout from the doorway as Colson stormed in, almost falling over as the ship made a sharp turn. \"Oh, nothing much general. Just a few aliens trying to kills us.\" Jason said sardonically, trying to maintain focus. The ship lurched again from a glancing blow and Colson almost lost his grip on the door jam. \"Ungh! I thought this thing had some kind of compensator or something for maneuvering?\" \"Heh, the studio thought it would be much cooler if the viewers could see the reaction of the crew to damage or sharp turns. Thus it doesn't deal with everything. I'm going to have a word with them about that for sure!\" Jason managed. \"Tommy, head into that system, see if you can make a few tight turns around those moons. Maybe if we can get the rock between us and the ships for a minute the armor can build up.\" \"You got it Jason.\" Colson staggered over alongside the Commander as he fumed, but grudgingly began to realize butting in right now would likely make things worse. \"Situation grim, huh?\" He said softly. Jason peered up at him questioningly. \"Something like that. We got jumped shortly after leaving Distortion space by five ships. One we zapped, two crashed into us, toasting our plasma armor in the process, and the remaining two are...\" Jason jerked forwards in his seat, watching both the viewscreen and the little display on his seat armrest with an overview of the combat. \"Tommy! Go for the other moon! We want to keep them together on our tail, not split them up.\" Tommy just nodded and yanked the ship to starboard. \"Well, you see where we are General.\" \"Can we fight back?\" \"Right now, possibly, but it'd take power away from engines or armor, and the armor is almost out. If you want to risk taking hull damage we can flip around and try it, or even switch some power out to fire the rear launchers, but I wouldn't recommend it.\" \"How about the fighters?\" Jason closed his eyes. \"Dammit! I'd forgotten we even had them!\" He pushed a button on the armrest. \"Bridge to Leftenant Merriweather! Get to the flight bay and launch a fighter. We need those ships on our tail harried, now!\" Gwen looked askance at Jason and mouthed the word 'Harried' at him questioningly, and he just shrugged back. Then the ship shook again and it was a few seconds before the comms answered. \"Roger Commander. Heading to the flight bay now!\" The view showed the stars whirling, bright energy blasts shooting off ahead as the tailing vessels fired past them, so far mostly missing. Up ahead a gas giant and a hoard of small moons and two large ones started to fill the screen. \"How come the armor got so low? Those crashes?\" Colson asked, hanging on to the side of Jason's chair. Jason couldn't resist glaring over at Anderson, and Colson did notice, but didn't say anything. Jason just nodded and focused on the battle. Colson glanced between Jason and Anderson, a curious look on his face as he pondered the situation. \"He's away Commander.\" Anderson said shortly, and Jason saw on his tactical view a dot representing a fighter speed away from the Protector. \"Main viewer to rear.\" Jason said, and Gwen quietly repeated the command to the computer. The main view screen switched to rear and showed the two ships tailing them, jinking hard, but so far both were a ways back and quite far apart from each other, but still spitting energy fire at them. In the foreground a bright light shot backwards, then curled in towards the left of the two and a couple of sparks glowed on the enemy ship as Jeremy engaged the enemy. That one craft spun off to one side, dealing with the fighter more than the Protector. \"OK, he's got one off our backs... Laredo?\" Jason said, this time getting the 'lieutenant's name right. \"We've just got the one tailing us. See if you can get a moon between the two of us and let us build some armor. Anderson, watch the levels. I need to switch to weapons as fast as possible once we've got... twenty percent on the armor. View to forwards.\" Again Gwen repeated the command and the view switched to forwards view, showing the gas giant large on the screen on the upper left and to the right one of the larger moons swelling rapidly. \"All right. Anderson, ease off on the engine power, build the armor.\" Jason nodded to Tommy again. \"You can do this with just maneuvering tight, right Laredo? You don't need high speed down there?\" \"Heh, heck no! Piece of cake commander.\" Tommy replied with a smile. \"He won't know what hit him!\" The protector shot down towards the moon, the grey, rugged surface looming up towards them, and the surprisingly agile Protector started literally dodging mountains, putting as much rock between themselves and the following craft as possible. When the enemy started to pull up above them to fire down the Protector sped back up, curling around the moon's curvature to draw ahead, forcing the tailing craft to pull back down lest he fall behind. \"Good work Laredo! I think Jeremy's dealt with the other one.\" Jason said, looking down at his display. \"See if we can do the same. Anderson? Armor?\" \"Just about at Twenty. Switching power to weapons. Give them a few seconds to charge.\" \"It's all we'll need.\" Jason said glaring at the screen ahead as they started to pull around in a long arc about the next hill. Flinging the ship up on it's side, one engine plane bare meters from the ground, the Protector Three, heaved sharply around the hill, performing maneuvers you normally only see in an atmosphere. How it managed to bank like that with no wings or air to pull on was anyone's guess. Jason doubted even the Thermians really knew. Just that the writers hadn't thought about it in the show and routinely threw the Protector through impossible turns. \"There it is!\" Jason said as the craft appeared as they rounded the hill. \"Payback time!\" \"Wait... Commander?\" Anderson said nervously. \"I'm getting an energy reading. It's... Wait...\" Suddenly the enemy ship ahead exploded, shrapnel kicking plumes of dust from the regolith below as it skittered across the lunar surface. \"Laredo?\" Jason said, but he knew this wasn't their weapons. \"Wasn't me commander. Didn't get the chance to open fire.\" Gwen gasped. \"Jason! Incoming call!\" Suddenly the screen switched to a familiar view, a smiling face beaming back at them. \"Commaaaander Taggaaaart. It eeees good to seeeee you.\" Jason jumped up from his seat, grinning from ear to ear. \"Malthazar! That was you? Hah, you old goat. I told you you were a great commander! Great shooting there.\" \"Mmmm yes we were monitoring your arrival through Time Knot drive and adjusted our course, but were intercepted by these... unexpected individuals. It took us some time to deal with them.\" \"More of them huh? Who are they?\" Jason asked, for the first time having the time to think of the 'why' rather than just react to the situation. \"Or should I say who were they?\" \"Teb has what, Huuuh, details we have surmised from the craft.\" Malthazar said, waving to one of the other smiling Thermians beside him. \"Oh yes,\" Teb said, continuing, \"we have determined quite a lot from the debris. They did not want to communicate at all, so we have little else to go on. Our information leads us to believe they are part of the Ixian Pirate Combine, a ruthless band of cut-throats who frequent this region of space. Many moons ago they...\" \"It's OK...\" Jason interrupted, well used to Teb's lengthy explanations. \"They're pirates, that'll do for now. Download all the relevant information to our computers, we'll check it out later.\" Jason said, nodding to Gwen who started readying the computer to receive the info. \"Of course Commander.\" Teb said, bowing slightly. \"It is good to see you at the head of your starship once more.\" For a moment Jason was just going to agree and carry on, then he remembered the 'script' they were going by. \"Well, not exactly Teb. This is the Protector Three. Working title here. Probably change later. We've had some issues recently and wanted a new ship, and a new crew. We're out here training the new recruits up to spec.\" He turned and patted Colson on the shoulder. \"Malthazar, meet General Colson, soon to be the new commander of the Protector Three.\" Colson coughed, looking a little lost in the conversation, though more annoyed than nervous. \"Well, yes... Thank you for the assist Malthazar.\" He managed. \"Ahh, a new commander will be most welcome in this region of space.\" Malthazar said with a grin, but then looked down at something off camera. \"However I see from intercepted communications you have an injured crewman. Perhaps as a show of our appreciation for all you have done for us in the past we can assist in healing Doctor Lazarus?\" Jason glanced up at Colson, remembering how the techs and doctors were... pondering things on their new medbay. \"I... think that would be a wonderful idea. Tommy, take a pod and transfer A... Doctor Lazarus, over to the Protector Two.\" Colson just shook his head. \"Knew it was a stupid name! Confusing and hell!\" he muttered. Jason leaned over to him and whispered. \"Feel free to rename her Colson, any time!\" At that he almost got a smile out of the recalcitrant General. Almost. \"OK, Meet us up in orbit Malthazar and we can chat in person.\" \"Of course Commander. As ever, it is an honor.\" and all the Thermians on screen bowed. Jason, with a serious expression bowed back. \"The honor is mine Malthazar. This time it was you rescuing us. We'll see you shortly.\" The view screen cut and all the crew relaxed, apart from Jason who seemed to be in his element, grinning once more. \"God it's good to be back!\" Colson just shook his head and grunted, then turned and stomped out of the bridge. Jason barely noticed.[Chapter 11] \"AARRRRGGGHH! NOT LIKE THAT YOU IDIOT!\" Lyudmila was starting to see why this 'Alexander Dane' and his Commander did not get along well. The man was a complete wimp! One little compound fracture and... \"GEEEARRGGGG! What? Are you TRYING to make it worse? For God's sake try to avoid tossing me around like a sack of grain!\" Lyudmila and Guy looked up into each other's eyes with a knowing expression. She could see him almost saying 'Would anyone care if we dropped him by mistake?' She considered it. \"Secuuurity Chief Iiiiingersol.\" Came a curiously melodic voice from behind her. She turned as it continued. \"Ahhh, Doctor Lazarus. We are so sorry to hear of your diiiisaster.\" \"My *Ungh!* My what?\" Alex said, wincing to the... alien she guessed. Though he looked human. Wait, lilting voice, simplistic expressions, awkward posture. These were the Thermians! Guy rolled his eyes and nudged Alex's shoulder with a knee, causing him to go wide eyed and gasp in pain. \"Ixnay on the pisodeay.\" Alex, after he recovered from the pain, looked up at Guy incredulously. \"What? Are you trying to be obfuscating?\" Guy looked like he was trying to work out what Alex had just asked, but Lyudmila realized what he was saying. \"He's talking about the... historic document just recorded, Dr Lazarus. The one where you were mixed with human DNA due to a Digitizer incident.\" Alex's expression slowly went from anger to realization, to fake sorrow. \"I.. ahh, yeees. That was... a tragedy.\" He managed, wincing again. \"Our deeeepest condolences Dr Lazarus. But we have come to assist you.\" \"Assist?\" \"Our medical center is configured for you now on the Protector Two.\" Alex glanced down at his broken leg, thought of those idiots he'd seen in medbay, and grinned. \"I think that *Ungh* would be an excellent idea.\" He said, attempting to smile through clenched teeth. \"Thank you Malthazar.\" \"It eeez our honor Dr Lazarus.\" \"That WAS where we were taking you.\" Guy said, shaking his head. \"I think... Lieutenant Laredo is heading for the flight bay now.\" \"Our pod is already in the bay. We can transfer him.\" Malthazar said, and two other Thermians came up and, with some pain, switched with Guy and Lyudmila carrying him. they seemed to show no signs of effort in lifting the aging actor. Oh right. Shape fields. Those weren't their true forms. Aliens, huh. \"Well, take care Alex! Heh, Break a leg!\" Guy shouted after him, getting an annoyed grunt from him as a reply. \"Will he be alright?\" Lyudmila asked. \"Ah heck yes. Those guys are great at science stuff! They'll have him up and around in no time.\" Lyudmila nodded, but couldn't help but wonder. There was something nagging at her about that whole conversation with the Thermians but she couldn't tell what it was. \"Jason?\" Jason turned to see Gwen leaning against the door to his quarters. He put down his electronic 'Tab' they used for notes (He'd actually started making a real, honest to god, Space Log today) and smiled. \"Gwen, ready to go meet the Thermians again?\" \"Uh, yeah. I really have fond memories of last time we met. Fire. Explosions. Stupid stompy squishy things. Imminent death. Happy times.\" She said, smiling broadly. \"Glad you keep perspective on things. So, why the visit?\" Gwen stepped in and closed the door, always a bad sign. She looked furtive. \"We have a problem Jason. I think there may be a saboteur on board.\" \"Huh?\" He managed intelligently. \"The fluctuation we had in the fusion reactor? Fred... I mean Chen said it was some kind of modulation. He thinks it was acting like a beacon to let those Pirates know our course so they could work out where we'd be when we emerged. Not only that, but someone tried to access the comms during the battle and send some kind of message. Luckily the computer, in it's current messed up state, questioned why anyone would want to send a message to the aliens trying to kill us, if it wasn't coming from the bridge. Still haven't figured out where the comms request came from or who made it.\" \"They were trying to contact the bugs?\" \"The Ixians, yes. This makes no sense, unless there is a bug on board with a Thermian shape field generator. Or something similar.\" Gwen sighed, sitting down on Jason's bed. \"Oh god. That's the last thing we need!\" Jason said, remembering a shape shifted Sarris from the last time. \"So these Ixians have been to Earth?\" \"I don't know. Right now what I've told you is all I've got. Somehow we've been infiltrated. Maybe it isn't a crew member. Maybe it's electronic. Could an alien have... I don't know... Inserted a computer virus into the ship from light years away?\" \"Wrong person to ask!\" Jason said, holding his hands up. \"I've barely got the hang of flying this ship, let alone figuring out how it works! I leave that to Chen and Laliari.\" Gwen nervously tapped the bedpost and glanced up at Jason. \"It's still more likely to be someone on board. Some kind of Ixian Impostor. We can't trust anyone Jason. This is like some bad movie, and getting into the realms of a thriller or horror movie than our normal fare. And you said this would be an easy, quick trip.\" \"Sorry. Didn't take shape-shifting bugs into account.\" For once Gwen didn't seem to be blaming Jason. They sat there for a few moments, pondering the situation. \"OK. I say trust none of the assistants or crew. I think we'd notice if one of our own crew had changed, but if the Foundation people had changed before we ever met them... we'd never know. We can't trust them.\" \"Unfortunately I think you're right. OK, try to get with our crew without letting on to the rest of them what's up. I guess trusting Andre is out of the question?\" Gwen nodded firmly, with a dour expression. \"Yeah, shame. He might be able to rule out the computer virus theory. OK, you deal with that, I'll take most of the assistants to meet the Thermians. Maybe that'll help you get the word around without it getting out.\" Gwen stood up and smoothed out her uniform. \"Yeah. I mean, yes Commander.\" She actually smiled as she left, though it was a little wan. \"Good luck Jason, and don't trust Colson. That guy could hold who knows how many secrets!\" As she left Jason pondered that. Could Colson be the mole? Er... insect? Whatever? Oh this stuff messed with your head! \"It's been a while Malthazar.\" Jason said, slapping the Thermian on the back as he gave him a man-hug. Definitely a man-hug. Honestly, he wasn't absolutely certain Thermians had two sexes or not. What that said for Fred and Laliari was anyone's guess. What was worse was that Jason suspected if he told Fred the guy would just shrug and go 'Meh, could be worse'. \"Yes Commander Tagaaaart. We are honored to have you back aboard our vessel one last time before we leave this zone.\" The collected Thermians all bowed their heads at this and looked suitably sorrowful. \"It seems that we were not up to your standards in dealing with the local civilizations. We have no choice but to vacate this area and look for somewhere less... Mmmmm... hazardous to live.\" \"Malthazar! Come on, you're Thermians! You manage to... er... duplicate our tech in an incredibly short span of time. You helped us overcome Sarris. You've kept your race alive. Surely you can't be giving up?\" Malthazar looked shamed as he stared back awkwardly at Jason, but didn't seem to changing his position either. \"We have come too close to annihilation too many times Commander. This ship is all of our species. We cannot afford to take the risks that you take every daily cycle. Again, I must apologize that we have not matched your efforts.\" Jason looked across and Colson, attempting to seek help in bolstering Malthazar's fleeting spirits. Colson seemed to be idly studying his nails with a frown. Damn the man, didn't he have a soul? This was a race's salvation at stake here! \"Look, we have a lot to talk about here, just don't leave the area just yet. I don't want to loose a friend.\" Jason said, placing his hand firmly on Malthazar's shoulder. Malthazar turned his head to stare at Jason's hand and seemed to suddenly get water in his eyes. \"Commaaandaaaaar!\" He bawled and wrapped Jason in an inexpert hug... Man-hug. Suddenly the other Thermians joined in, also bawling and hugging him in an odd cluster. \"Oh for the love of god.\" Colson muttered \"Can't go five minutes without grandstanding can you Nesmith?\" Max and Andre, standing behind the General, looked up at the back of his head. \"Never 'ad a date.\" Andre whispered to the engineer, who promptly spluttered a laugh, stifling it as fast as he could. He did manage to get a thoroughly dirty look from Colson with that at least. A few minutes, and many handkerchiefs, later the group were sitting around the conference table. Jason from the original crew, the Thermians, and the new assistants were all there, though it looked like Colson wished he weren't. \"...and we we'd just build up enough armor for a pass at him when you jumped in and shot him.\" Jason finished, recapping their side of the recent strife from exiting distortion space to when Malthazar shot the Ixian ship. \"Oh, Commander!\" Teb said suddenly sullen. \"We had no idea you were dealing with the situation! I apologize for interrupting your tactics!\" \"Teb, Teb! Come on, you saved us. Doesn't matter that we were about to open fire ourselves. As ever, it's the thought that counts.\" He said, the last with a look of scorn at Colson. \"Well, anyway, enough of our trip. How have you been doing since we last met?\" More dour faces on the Thermians. \"Twice we attempted to colonize a world as a base, and twice our efforts failed Commander.\" Malthazar stated. \"Mmmmm, it was difficult to continue after loosing thirty five on Loosentiop to marauding Veilderbeats, but on Landwhoop...\" Max spluttered into his drink at that planet's name, \"... we encountered an alien race we had not seen before. We attempted standard NSEA contact protocol, but the locals were dangerously hostile, and attacked us on sight. We only just escaped the system with out lives.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that Malthazar, but two bad journey's can't sour you for all contacts... OK, three with Sarris. I'll admit that.\" A Knee jammed awkwardly into Jason's leg and Colson glared meaningfully at him. Yeah, right, the 'Trade'. \"Look, maybe we'd better change the subject?\" Jason said, staring daggers at Colson. \"Our assistants here might benefit from your knowledge Malthazar, and we hoped we might develop a trade.\" \"Trade?\" He said \"I was under the impression you were journeying here to allow us access to the rest of your historical documents to assist us when we leave this zone of space?\" \"Well, yes. Of course.\" Jason managed, still glancing at Colson, who annoyingly was staring fixedly at the wall barely even changing expression let alone helping. \"However we have some older ships of ours we were considering upgrading recently, and since you've done such a fast job of duplicating our tech, we were wondering if it might be easier for you to upgrade them for us? As an example this ship has been retrofitted with an older model, crude fusion reactor. If you could improve it's functionality it would help a lot.\" He said, then jerked as he realized he'd forgotten the Tab. \"Oh, here. This Tab has the details on the old Dauntless class ships. We're already equipping them with Time Knot drives, but the rest of the systems you could help a lot with. If you could come with us and work on a couple of them we'd appreciate it.\" \"Of course!\" The Thermian's face was practically beaming now, as were most of the others here. \"We would be glad to assist you in this. But why can you not upgrade them yourselves?\" \"It's, complicated. And political in nature.\" Jason said, trying to keep a neutral expression. \"But if you could help with just these two ships it might spur matters on with other ships in the series.\" \"Thank you Commander, for letting us repay the vast debt we owe you.\" \"Good god.\" Colson whispered. \"I can see why most of your crew missed this. I think I'm gonna puke if this goes on much longer!\" \"Oh yes, that reminds me.\" Jason said. \"You took... Dr Lazarus in for medical assistance? How is he doing?\" \"Ah yes. Dr Lazarus. I was most sorry to hear about the incident. Ever since then we have been attempting to find a solution and we believe we have come as close as we are able.\" 'Solution? He just had a broken leg!' Jason thought, but managed to keep it to himself as Malthazar escorted him away from the others towards the med center. \"Oh god, what hit me.\" Alex groaned as he opened his eyes... straight into the beaming face of a female Thermian. \"Who the?... Er, where am I?\" \"You are in the medical bay on the Protector Two. I am Paliki and it has been my honor to heal you Dr Lazarus.\" \"Well, better than the interns anyway.\" He mumbled to himself. \"Al... Dr Lazarus!\" Jason said, striding into the Med center. Wait, why was Jason looking at him like that? \"You look... much better.\" \"Ja... 'Quincy'? What's going on?\" Alex said, now rather nervous, but still managing to mimic Jason's slip over names. \"Last I remember I was being carried on board the Thermian pod.\" \"Yes... well, you look well.\" Again Alex frowned. \"Why do you keep saying that?\" \"Oh, no reason.\" Jason said, fixing a smile on his face. Wait, he did feel a little odd. \"What's wrong with me?\" He said, feeling his cheeks nervously. Paliki smiled broadly. \"You are fine Dr Lazarus, but you may still be under the dulling effect of the anesthetic. Soon you will be able to think properly.\" \"Think properly?\" He said, the frown now seemingly a permanent fixture on his face. \"I can think just fi...\" His roaming hands had gone to his scalp, and suddenly Alex went white. Fingers traced across ridges, not just some sculpted fake ridges, but ridges he could feel as if they were his own skin! \"Wh... what have you done?\" He almost whispered. \"There is no need to thank me. Myself, Oyieuo and Lep worked diligently to repair your condition.\" Alex gulped. \"You don't mean my leg do you?\" \"Oh certainly not. That was easily repaired.\" She said, still beaming while Jason turned away, whether to wince in sympathetic pain or to resist bursting out laughing was in debate. \"No, ever since hearing of your incident with the Digitizer we have attempted to find a way to undo it's effect. The end result may not be perfect, but it is as close as we are able to achieve. I apologize if there is any variance between your current experience and previous ones, but Mak'Tar physiology was not on record so we had to pour over the Historical Records to glean every detail we could.\" Alex gaped at her, not able to believe his ears. \"Hhhhh.\" He managed, panting slightly. \"Hhhhhhhhhuuuu.\" He repeated, his hands slowly raising towards the Thermian doctor. Jason quickly took his arms and pushed them down to the bed. \"It's OK Dr Lazarus, no need to thank her right now. Besides, I'm sure she had duties elsewhere now she's finished with you?\" Luckily the doctor did have somewhere else to be and smiled, gave one last gush of thanks to Alex and Jason, then departed, leaving a panting, gasping Alex fumbling to feel his forehead. \"Sh... she made me a FREAK!\" He gasped, collapsing back to the bed. \"Easy Alex, easy. You heard her. You're still on the anesthetic. Don't strain yourself!\" \"Strain myself? STRAIN MYSELF! I'm a sodding alien! I'll never act anywhere else ever again!\" \"Well, on the plus side you won't need the ridge makeup any more.\" Alex's gaze slowly, imperceptibly slid towards Jason, a look of ice piercing him, and abruptly Jason realized he probably had somewhere else he needed to be too. Very quickly![Chapter 12] (OK, something new for once. Hopefully I can keep this up. Probably be smaller chapters for a while. Earlier ones I've been combining posts into larger chapters. Right now I'm posting what I have when it's written so it'll be a little smaller *shrugs*. Maybe I'll adjust things later) A knock on Madison's door got a frown from her. She'd been running all over the ship, managing to catch various personnel alone for a 'quiet chat' about the mole, alongside trying to manage shipboard personnel, get Alex to calm down after his alteration, and trying to avoid Andre running her down. Oh god, if this was him? With a resigned sigh she slumped on the desk with her head in her hands. After the attack she wondered how it could get any worse. Besides the mole that is. After staying that way for a few seconds she toyed with the idea of just not answering but... \"Um, Gwen? Look, if it's a bad time I can come back later?\" Oh thank god! It was just Jason! Then she caught herself. A year ago that thought would have been laughable! He was more annoying back then than Andre ever was. When had that changed? \"Come!\" she said, unconsciously straightening her hair. \"Hey, just a check in.\" Jason said, coming in with a smile... which promptly vanished as soon as the door shut. \"OK, Fred assures me our personal quarters are as proof as he can get them against bugs... the spy kind I mean. Not the insect pirate things.\" \"OK, no bugs. Got it *sigh* You sure no-one overheard you talking with him?\" Jason just raised an eyebrow and smiled. Yeah, he could still be annoying. \"Fine. Look, I've been going through all the crew, all our crew, and they all know now. About the mole I mean. It was difficult to catch Guy on his own though. I Had to go back there and prise those two apart. I thought Fred and Laliari were bad!\" Jason nodded, then stopped, frowning. \"Wait, Guy... and Lyudmila?\" He glanced around, looking lost for a second. \"Did I miss something? I thought she wanted to kill him or something?\" Gwen just shrugged. \"Who knows? Given our luck there's probably some sort of aphrodisiac virus on board.\" Then she stopped and glared at him. \"Though don't get any ideas!\" Jason smiled and put his hands up defensively. \"Wasn't even thinking it!\" Gwen gave one last glare then gave a shake of her head. \"OK, down to business. Has Fred got a clue about the mole by any chance?\" Jason reluctantly shook his head. \"Nope. He couldn't believe someone here could be one of those things. We could have it wrong?\" \"Something is up, we just don't know what. The signal to the pirates couldn't have been accidental.\" \"What about the computer? Has it been able to track it? Maybe find out more about who sent it?\" Gwen paused, slowly closed her eyes, then sighed. \"Yes. It probably would have been a good idea if the computer interface specialist actually asked the darned computer something! Gah.\" \"Gwen, Gwen! You've been busy, don't beat yourself up.\" \"Yeah, so distracted by everything I didn't do my damned job!\" She turned around in her chair and looked up at the ceiling. \"Computer, perform a comprehensive scan of the communications and internal... um... internet? The connections between terminals anyway.\" \"Unable to comply. Systems on low priority due to the the high level diagnostic ongoing on primary core matrix.\" Gwen blinked. What? Oh god, that. \"Computer, that was days ago! You said it'd be complete in six hours? And that it wouldn't impede ship functions. What changed?\" \"Systems have been drained with high level access over the last fifty two hours. This has slowed the high level diagnostic and impeded systems.\" \"High level access?\" Jason said, frowning at Gwen. Gwen shrugged back then turned back to the ceiling. \"Computer, what high level access has been impeding ship systems?\" There was a distinct pause making both of them frown further. \"No high level access is on record for that time period.\" \"What? but you just said there was high level access impeding things?\" \"Affirmative. High level access has impeded the diagnostic however there is no record of such high level access during this period.\" \"Did Andre Lea Din access the computer systems just prior to this instance of high level access?\" Another long pause followed Gwen's cautious comment before the computer answered. \"Negative. Only two actions coordinated with the initiation of the high level access not detected. Access via verbal interface by Gwen Demarco at four fifty nine PM on Wednesday, and Obidia Lang on five twenty seven PM on Wednesday.\" Gwen paused, the faint thought that she hadn't asked who had access, just if Andre had... but the shock of Obidia accessing brought her up short. \"Obby.\" Jason said with a growl. \"Damn it, Colson was right!\" \"Who would have guessed, huh?\" Gwen said. \"But what do we do about it? We can't just confront him, can we? Can the Thermians help?\" Jason shook his head. \"Not a good idea. I'd rather not involve them. Wait, what else has Obby been doing since the battle?\" Gwen nodded with a resigned look. \"Computer. List Obidia Lang's activity on the Protector Three since the battle with the Ixian Pirates.\" She winced in advance of the expected huge list of details spouted by the computer, but then raised an eyebrow as the screen on the wall lit up with a list of his activities. Huh, much better than she expected. Then she started scanning the list. \"Huh, he's accessed computer terminals... with no details on what he accessed no less... over forty times since the battle! If he was just downloading something or accessing the comms he'd only have needed one or two accesses.\" \"Yeah. I'm guessing he's having difficulty with whatever he's trying to do. Maybe that's why he's still here.\" \"What?\" Gwen said, then realization came over her face. \"Of course. He should have left with the Ixians shouldn't he? If he was passing information to them... yeah. We need to lock down the.. pods... are both those disks and the transports called pods?\" Jason sighed. \"I checked recently. The disks are 'Interstellar Transport Pods' and the ships are 'Surface Pods'. I vaguely remember the latter from the series. We never had the... uh... ITPs? Doesn't roll off the tongue does it. Transporters?\" \"Transporters?\" Gwen cringed. \"Too corny. Lets just call them interstellar pods and the ships... shuttles. Why not? Didn't we change names of things a few times in the show?\" \"Yeah, fair enough. Anyway, yeah, lock down the, shuttles, and make sure he can't get off the ship.\" Gwen nodded and turned back to the computer. \"OK, Computer. Disallow Obidia Lang access to the hanger deck until further notice.\" She paused. \"What is his current location?\" \"Obidia Lang is currently in engineering.\" the computer intoned. \"Lets mosey down to to see Fred shall we?\" Jason said. \"We wouldn't want him to say the wrong thing to Obby and things to spiral out of control now would we?\" Nervously Gwen got up and they both headed out in the direction of engineering. Alex was staring at his bowl. \"Bugs.\" he said quietly with a scowl. \"If I ever come across the writer who came up with this... swill, he will wish he had never been born!\" He lifted a spoon up with some flicking, twisting bugs on it, and scowled even harder. Then sniffed, and raised an eyebrow. The medics had insisted his biology was now 're-adapted to normal Mak'tar foods'. In other words he had to eat this stuff from now on. He closed his eyes opened his mouth and shoved the spoon in and winced. Slowly the wince faded and he chewed, twitching at the odd crunching. \"OK, maybe I can get used to it... just as long I don't have to look at it!\" He closed one eye and pondered. \"No worse than cafeteria food at least.\" \"Mr Dane?\" Alex turned to see Anderson with a tab in front of him. The man looked thoroughly disgruntled \"I didn't know you were out of surgery. So, they fixed your leg?\" Alex fixed him with a glare, then sighed. \"Oh yes. My leg. It's fine, just fine.\" Then under his breath. \"The rest of me however...\" \"Oh... good good.\" He sat down beside Alex with a sigh, still poring over the tab. Alex leaned over to see what was on it. Loads of the complex Thermian maths by the look of it. \"Humph. Let me guess. You're still trying to understand all that garbage?\" He said acerbically. Anderson turned with a sigh and fixed Alex with a glare. \"How in hell am I supposed to do that if I have no clue what this is?\" he said, waving the tab. Alex grabbed the offending tab out of the air and glared right back. \"Oh for Pete's sake! Just plug the numbers in.\" He said, looking over it. \"I mean, this is obviously to do with the Spatial fluctuations, so... \" he tapped on the tab's screen, put in some numbers, flicked a few around, then punched the 'calculate' button. \"There. So with a mass of one hundred and twelve million metric tons... looks like this is the tensors for punching into temporal space.\" He handed the tab back to the stunned looking scientist. \"Just plug that into the drive and it should help tune the Time Knot drive, right? I mean how hard can it be if an Actor can do it?\" Anderson stared while Dane shook his head and got stuck into his 'Kep-Mok bloodticks'. \"You know, if you ignore the crunching these are surprisingly acceptable.\" \"How... why...\" Anderson, stared at the tab. \"I worked for nine hours trying to figure out how this fitted into the FTL drive. How did you do that?\" Alex stopped and put his spoon down, a bug hopping free and dancing across the tabletop unnoticed. \"Come on, it's bloody obvious.\" He said, grabbing the tab back. \"Look, this is referencing a five dimensional array, this is a... squirly thing that dips in and out... this is calculating the intersect. It's obviously figuring out how the ship interacts when it punches through, right? Where did you learn this stuff?\" \"This maths is way beyond anything I've ever seen before. There is no way you could have figured it out!\" \"Oh come o...\" Alex stopped, spoon yet again half lifted, then he dropped it in the bowl once more. \"Wait... they couldn't have... could they?\" He stood up and glanced around. \"I'm heading to the bridge!\" Anderson stared after him as the actor ran off towards the front of the ship. Wait, since when did he get the forehead ridge makeup back on anyway? ","Summary":" \"Aaand CUT!\" yelled the director. With a sigh the cast and crew (in more ways than one) of the NT"},{"Movie":"Shakespeare in Love","Title":"The Lord of the Manner","Author":"Presca","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7404399","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Lord of The Manner By Presca May 2, 1607 On route to Jamestown, Virginia aboard the Godspeed As she sat in a huddled up against the wall of one of the largest oak supports for the ship, the splinters nearly brushed the back of her simple cotton dress  a style she had grown accustomed to as her fine silk gowns were bundled away in a large oak chest in one corner of the cabin she shared with her husband  nearly a crawl space but enough for their voyage. She touched a few stray, golden curls of her hair that had slipped out from underneath her head scarf and circled her ear. Picking up her journal, she wrote a note at the bottom of her most recent entry for that day. 'What sort of bewitching spell had been cast on his mind to seek westward towards the promise of a new land? This foolish decision that now set us adrift upon our thirty-second day at sea' Viola tried hard to steady her hand as the rolling sea made it feel as if her delicate stomach were lurching with every wave when she heard her husband knocking loudly on the wall near where she sat on an empty barrel in the corner. \"Good wife, it will be morrow if you do not join us for your dinner up on the main deck  I have been sitting alone at the table for the past half of the hour. Please, join us this instance, you are putting my reputation to shame that I can not have the will to keep my own woman beside me for more than a short passing time!\" Robert barked as he looked at her, his handsome face scowling into a deep furrow. Such beauty wasted on such a personage, she would never understand God's will. Will. The name that hesitated on her dear mind made her stop for a moment and close her eyes. She shook off the sensation and rose to her feet Lord Wessex' beckon. She had to show her place amongst members of the crew, it was an edict  not so much for decorum but because food was what had since sustained her to keep going on. Also, she had to appear grateful that at least they had not been banished to eat with the lesser crew and passengers, though she for one wouldn't have minded as much as her husband for the slight. She was surprised then as she felt his hand reach out to take her's gently in his own. It was times like this that it was with relief to know that though he'd brought her to this point that they were suffering this together. He, too, had his own regrets on his decision. He'd been errant in thinking this trip would be one of comfort and of leisure. It was anything but. It had been a bald-faced lie that he'd told to Viola and her dear family about his plantations in Virginia  the truth was he'd never even stepped foot in the country beyond England  this new world yet unseen and promised. He had been a man of means when his family willed everything to him after his father's death, he'd been made a lord but nothing to show for it except title and a deed to land that was yet to be completely bequeathed to him. Money had been incredibly tight and he knew that had he not made an effort on his own, his fortunes would have ended up being squandered as they very nearly had. As soon as he saw Viola de Lesseps, the woman he stood with under the dark lantern light at this instance  he knew that his emotions had overstepped the bounds of his propriety. Normally able to push aside any sense of the trivial wiles of the opposite sex, he had however found himself speechless in her presence  something he had to admit he still felt even to this day as he looked over at her, tentatively touching his hand, wrapping her little fingers around his for support. She was tall for a woman of her age, but willowy and lovely to behold. Her soft, flaxen hair was hidden behind a white scarf to hold the bun in place upon her head. She looked up at him and he tried to say something  but again words were lost to him. Her eyes were sage grey, filled with sadness and distrust. Her lips moved as well, quivering a bit  something rare for her, as if she were searching for the words. The color to her peach skin had lost it's luster somewhat in the dismal surroundings, he hoped that it wasn't illness, perhaps she was just tired. Her skin felt somewhat cold against his  without thought  he lifted her tiny fingertips up to his lips and blew into the palms of her hands to warm them. Viola's eyes grew wide as she felt the heat of his breath against her skin, her lips parting in surprise. She could feel the color returning to her cheeks as he looked up, suddenly realizing the effect he was having on her and equally embarrassed. As she gazed up at him, admiring up close possibly for the first time since she'd met him just how vulnerable he looked when his guard was down, how the glimmer of green in amidst the forever dark of his chestnut eyes struck her and how much his dimpled chin trembledthis was dangerous she thought to herself, he was uncharted territory. Robert sensed her uneasiness as he could feel her hands shake as much as his own, immediately he dropped them and moved away from her. She seemed  almost disappointed, but he had to remain strong in the face of it. \"I do apologize, I know how cold you can be sometimes,\" he growled, his expression returning to one of disdain almost as if she disgusted him suddenly. Viola seemed angered by his tone. He hadn't meant it that way, but leave it to his wife to take things the wrong way. When he tried to respond to it, she held up her hand. \"I understand, Lord Wessex, say no more  you have made your point. I thank you.\" With that she turned resolutely on her heel and marched from the room without another word. He rolled his eyes in aggravation and followed her. May 10, 1607 The clouds moved across the sky, somewhat in ominous color to shade the sun trying to break through and brighten the day. It fascinated Viola who stood on the deck, watching the crew around her fastening down the mast and attending to other duties. They ignored her as she walked amongst them to the edge of the deck  they seemed to be hurried in their activity so she didn't bother them as they went about their work. Reaching out to steady herself as a sweep of waves underneath the ship threatened to disrupt her balance. She smiled as she felt the wind blowing in her face. The clean, salt air felt wonderful after days cooped up in the hold of the ship. Briefly her thoughts fled across the sea to her love Will, no doubt thinking about her this instance as she was him. A tear fled to her eye. \"Will\" she whispered. \"One day, I will return to you.\" Suddenly, she felt someone arrest her arm from the railing. Startled by the disruption, she turned to face Robert, his eyes brimming with anger. \"What on earth do you think you're doing?\" He yelled at her over the wind. \"I am neither harming nor bothering you, sir  take your hands off me at once!\" She snarled and shook him loose. Facing him briefly, she gave him a hearty shove backwards. He growled and came for her again as he grabbed her arm more roughly than before. \"Get inside! This instant!\" She began to fight him off. \"Have you lost your mind, Lord Wessex? Let me go!\" They created quite the scene on board the ship, with Viola trying to push him one way and Lord Wessex doing his best to drag his wife along the other. No one thought to interrupt them, stranger things had happened on board and given they were betrothed to one another  they did not see it fit to intervene in marital affairs of others. It was only when Viola's nurse came rushing out on the deck to grab one of her arms to assist her husband that she realized the full reality of the necessity for her to move. For as soon as she made it down in the hold and the hatch was pulled did she feel the gust pick up and the sea swell underneath the ship, sending her tumbling into her husband who caught her before she could hit the floor. She buried her face in his chest as the water splashed in between the wood of the hatch. People gasped and jumped aside. She gazed up at Robert who gave her a look of disdain. \"Perhaps from this point on you will heed my word!\" He hissed as he took his jacket from his shoulders and wrapped them around her instead. \"Nursie, take her inside at once before she catches her death of cold!\" She nodded dumbly as her nurse brought her over to her side and Robert walked off in a huff, shivering a little bit as the chill got to him. \"Why must you always fight, my dear? You shouldn't challenge him so much. He is your husband!\" Her nurse chastised her, shaking her head as she shuffled her along in front of her. \"Good nurse, if he were not such a brute in his words and gestures but simply asked me to follow him and his reasoning in doing so  I would not find the necessity to argue.\" \"He cared for your safety as he should, grant him a little respect for that  I hate to admit it myself, but perhaps a heart beats beneath that beast.\" Viola smiled at her words and kissed her plum cheek. \"I will try. I'll do that for you and you alone  I will try to be civil.\" \"Good girl. Now off you go and warm yourself, I can't have you getting sick on me.\"[Chapter 2] (Later that night): Her husband barely said two words to her for the rest of the evening, instead glowering at her over the paltry fare that was shared by most of the families on board as they sat around communal tables near the ship's lower deck. Robert was rather bitter to be sitting with the commoners but due to the crew attending to the ship's care above, they refused to dine with him. He thought it was for other reasons. Viola glanced up at him as she played with a little girl who sat next to her, fascinated with her bracelet. She actually tried hard to smile, but Wessex did not return the gesture. As they returned to their tiny crawl space, they say very little to one another. Robert is quietly undoing his thigh-high leather boots in order to prepare for their bed on the floor, when he glances up to see Viola watching him. \"I am sorry for my behavior earlier,\" she whispers, a little somber but sounding as if she'd meant it. He just gave her an undecided glance and then looked away. \"Two-fold apologies do much to heal wounds,\" Viola muttered, giving her husband a side look out of the corner of her eye as she began to undo the ties on her dress. Robert stopped what he was doing to quickly observe her for a moment in contemplation, admiring the appearance of skin as one by one the ties were released. She'd never fully undressed in front of him and it left him admittedly flustered. He nervously replied \"I have nothing to apologize for!\" She just laughed in a hollow manner. \"Is that so, Lord Wessex? I think not!\" \"Yes it is  perhaps you have comment on that matter as well, good woman  as you often do on everything else!\" He snarled, he could tell she was picking to fight with him and he wasn't one to back down from such moments. \"Oh yes, I have much to say on the matter!\" She agreed. She ceased what she was doing as she sat on her knees upon her tattered blankets that they often slept under. She looked him straight in the eye and could see the scowl immediately come to his face in anticipation of her fresh assault. He held out his hands to dare her. \"Then do so, pray tell!\" \"I concede you have gone out of your way to do much to protect your interest over the last few days in my safety, after all  you can not allow anything to happen to me, lest word returns to my father and his funds to your hands stop flowing  but that does not forgive you the fact that you have brought me here! Why? Is it to revenge yourself upon me for slighting you at Will's performance at The Rose and leaving your side on the carriage ride back to your estate? If so, why bring my nurse into it as well?\" He shook his head in disbelief. \"Do you ever listen to yourself? Do you think that is my motive in everything that I do? I think that were we all laid to rest, God willing in the ground and praised to heavens  we would still have the spectre of William Shakespeare's words to chant our way to the path to the gates of the hereafter. I see him here, even now when I look into your eyes. It's like he's never left and neither have you.\" His words caused her mouth to hang open in surprise, she couldn't believe what he was saying. He raised his chin in indignation. Possibly slight regret. He stood up then and began to pace back and forth in the hall of the great ship, pensively rubbing his hand along the back of his curly, brunette hair. \"Yes, you are correct!\" He said at last. \"I relish the chance to make you suffer as you had me suffer the humiliation of your kissing your darling poet on stage for all the world to see  and all I ever tried to do was give you a name, a good name  as you have come from common stock. You should show your gratitude! It is not as if you have performed your duties as it were! You have given little in return.\" She looked up at him in shock. \"I should be grateful for your favors then  is that it? Are you finished, sir? Shall we proceed?\" With that Viola began to rip the string from her bodice and was about to show him everything that had since been protected from his questing eyes when he reached over and arrested her wrists to stop her. \"Stop! Good woman, stop such nonsense!\" He objected and let her go, as if her hands were burning coals. The chilly expression in her eyes was one he had seen on numerous occasions. She put her hands down to her lap and dared not to move. \"I have a name,\" she responded, quietly. \"Pardon?\" He barked, standing up again to pace once more. \"I said  I have\" \"I heard you the first time  I know of it!\" \"Then why do not you not say it?\" \"I have in the past,\" he grumbled. \"But you have not since our voyage began.\" \"There is no time for such utter\" He was about to walk away from the conversation when she stopped him. \"And where will you go? Who will you speak to of such things? The nurse? She has about as much respect for you as I do? The crew will not even talk to you any longer. Do you not wonder as to their reason?\" \"Viola,\" he muttered, resentfully as he turned back towards her. \"There, are you satisfied? You do not use mine as I recall.\" \"I do often Lord Wessex,\" she objected. \"I am not talking of my title  my name. I have one as well. If you are to be my wife, you should know it!\" She glared angrily up to him. \"Very well  I will remember so  Robert.\" \"I would hope that when next you utter it you would not speak of it with such cruelty,\" he whispered, as if more to himself than to her. But, she heard him. \"And I you,\" she replied, softly. For a moment, he glanced down at her. He stared at her, trying to fathom something in her eyes which he hoped was there, but knew it was too fervent a dream. Finally, he groaned audibly and sat back down in his spot alongside of her on the cold, damp floor that was barely covered by a well-used, goose down mattress. He looked over at her one last time. \"Goodnight  Viola.\" \"And goodnight to you, good  Robert.\" She laid down under the blanket not far from where he was but a respectable distance when he heard him muttering something under his breath as he began to flail away next to her. In curiosity, she turned over once more to notice him fighting with the buttons and buckles of his boots. Without a word spoken, she sat up and began to help him with it. He tried to immediately object at the intrusion, but she held up her hand. \"Calm yourself, allow me good husband,\" she quietly replied. He watched her in silence as she began to undo each button from the boots and unleash the buckle that held them in place, slowly peeling them from his long legs to expose his lily-white skin. He shivered visibly under her touch as her fingers grazed his ankle and foot. Falling forward slightly he found his nose in the crown of her loosened, flaxen hair. Closing his eyes, he inhaled the scent of her  how she smelled of flowers in this Godforsaken place he would never understand. She felt the sensation and broke away in surprise. He looked at her wide-eyed and vulnerable. There was that expression that had beguiled her before, one that left her uncertain of his mood. A look of fear. Hissing a bit between his teeth, he threw aside what remained of his boots and pulled the blanket hard up over his shoulder, quickly lying down and ignoring her. Her heart fell. It had been a moment, brief and frighteningly real and over Laying down beside him, but not too close  she turned on her side to face him, watching his back rise and fall, the strong square solidity of his shoulders casting hard shadows against the fading candlelight and the desire  that strange desire she'd felt before  of wanting to reach out and touch his deep, dark curls with her fingertips. She shook off the feeling, with a sense of betrayal to her darling Will before she closed her eyes to sense sleep at her beckon.[Chapter 3] May 14, 1607 The day began as any other aboard the Godspeed, as once more Viola returned to the main deck to clear her head. Her thoughts had been conflicted of late. On the one hand for certain  other than a few clipped and brusque responses, Robert had ceased talking to her during the day. Though she could still feel his presence at night when in his state of slumber he'd found his way to crawl up behind her, no doubt restless in his sleep and nestle his face into her back. She'd even found on one occasion his arm had captured hold of her waist to bring her even closer. Startled by his actions, she turned to see him instead lost in dreamland. She couldn't help it  it made her smile. It was almost as if this secret side of his personage had fought to take over in the hours between night and day. It was this side that Viola found that despite her best defenses and stubborn hold on her hatred of him, that she found she was starting to grow fond of him  in a way. But, soon it was diminished as the daylight came in through the cracks in the rafters and his true nature returned to his countenance, but even that was unconvincing. Could it be that he was changing or was she? She sat down upon a nest of large, coiled ropes near the side of the ship and closed her eyes, lost in thought. The events aboard the ship and the crew carrying this vessel upon the sea had been one of challenge and heartbreak within the last month and a half now. She was acutely aware that even though Captain Gosnold had promised them great religious freedom and wealth in the new world that the here and now made the promises seem almost vacuous. Perhaps it had been an attempt to draw focus away from the fact that their food supplies were starting to run out and fresh water to drink was at a premium. Even the liquor they carried aboard her was starting to diminish. Then there was the good people starting to grow sick  no doubt from scurvy or some other equally cruel plight like dysentery. Viola had been wise in making sure she'd shown little remorse stealing the odd orange here and there to make sure that not only did she have some to fight off disease but that her husband had his share as well, despite his distinct dislike of the fruit. He'd objected too to her insistence that garlic around their necks while sleeping at night would ward off illness  and yet, thank the heavens above they had been spared from this floating plague. It was nearly as bad as that  the Black Death. She cringed as she relived the other horrors of their voyage thus far. As they rounded the Canary Islands at the beginning of the journey on the southbound trade winds that had welcomed them, there was talk of a mutiny on board that threatened to turn them back home. They had suggested throwing someone overboard when they found him, but through the insistence of mercy from his family, instead threw him in their makeshift gaol for a few days to clear his head alone. \"God, have mercy upon his soul, and please see kind to save us  all of us. Save us from this fresh hell. Take us to a land of promise, one that is beyond the horizon,\" Viola chanted quietly to herself. \"Amen to that, Lady Wessex for your kind words of insight,\" came a voice suddenly, interrupting her reverie. She gasped and looked up to see Captain Gosnold standing over her, a kindly smile on his handsome face. He always had a peace about him that made him much older than his thirty years. She quite liked and admired him. Smiling she answered. \"Thank you.\" \"I apologize most sincerely, please  go back to your thoughts.\" He backed away from her and joined his crew at the helm. She watched him for a moment and once more closed her eyes. This time her thoughts once more settled back upon Robert. Happy thoughts decidedly, she could still feel his warmth against her back and how solid he felt. She hoped tonight he would be restless once again. But, it was that same exact thought that sent a small shiver of guilt into the pit of her stomach. Was she betraying the man she loved who was still waiting no doubt for her in England? He's married  so am I Her chin quivered as she fought back the tearsmy Will, my love As her thoughts unsettled her mood, it was then she felt the most exquisite sensation  of something light as a feather drop upon her resting fingers. Opening her eyes, she saw at first the bright sunlight blind her gaze before she lowered it to see a lone and beautiful butterfly fluttering on her hand. She quietly smiled as she admired it. It had been ages since she'd seen one. \"Why hello there  where on earth did you come from? Aren't you lovely.\" Suddenly, she saw a shadow appear to block out the sun momentarily and looked up to see the captain once again looking down at her. \"Is that?\" He asked in amazement. Quickly he crouched down to see it up close. She held it up for him, the butterfly didn't move. \"It is so beautiful, isn't it?\" The captain jumped up onto his feet and went running across to the side of the ship. \"Yeoman! Get me my telescope at once!\" He shouted out to a member of his crew. The man did as he said and came running over to his side with the telescope in hand. The captain took it up and stretching it out, gazed upon the horizon. It took a matter of mere moments when he suddenly yelled out. \"Land! I see land! Right starboard! Set sail for the east this instant!\" There was an excitement as the crew cheered for the first time since their launch and preparations were made to change course, the huge ship groaned as it moved around on it's own volition. This was indeed joyous news and Viola's first thoughts went to Robert, she had to convey it to him as well. Standing on her feet, she dashed across to lift the hatch and started down the steps to the lower decks. It took only a matter of a few minutes to find their spot near the stern of the ship, she grinned as she approached Robert who was lost in his own little world, busily crafting what looked like a leather pouch to wear with his handsome garments. As she approached him, she became acutely aware of something moving in the shadows to her left. Stopping momentarily, she glanced up to see a glint of something and then she could make out a figure standing there, he seemed to be watching her husband. The glint became more apparent as the figure got down low on his heels and then she could see it  it was a knife he held that glimmered in the lantern's flicker. Her blood ran cold and a sharp intake of fear ran through her body, as did the adrenaline as she screamed out - \"Robert!\" The stranger turned at her cry and dove for her. Screaming again, her husband jumped to his feet. Instead of hiding away and shielding herself, she fought back with every once of strength she possessed. Her arms hit bone and flesh as he grabbed a hold of her, trying to choke the living breath from her with a hand at her throat. She fought for the knife with a singular self-possession. Grunting, they struggled together. He raised his hand to hit her hard across the face and with it she could feel the knife's blade tearing at her brow. Falling to her knees, she sheltered her face at last, blood coating her fingertips as she cried out in pain. Finally Robert reached the assailant and the men began to struggle above her, she was startled to hear a man scream. Looking up she could see the stranger grabbing on to his leg and limping away with blood running down his pant leg. She finally recognized the man. He was the man who nearly started the mutiny  why had he come to attack them of all aboard, she couldn't fathom. But at this moment, she no longer cared. Quickly rising to her feet, she ran up to Robert and found his arms go around her immediately to make sure she was in one piece and alright. She put her arms round his back and cried into his shoulder. \"Oh my husband, thank God you are alright!\" \"Emery!\" Robert grumbled, the man who had attacked him. \"The bastard! He was trying to steal our sole possessions, mark my word. Are you?\" \"A scratch, a mere scratch,\" she replied to comfort his worry for her safety. But, her voice was shaking and he did not believe her. \"Here, come into the light, let me take a look at you,\" he insisted. He lead her into their little living space and sat her down on the floor, gingerly. As he inspected her wound which bled down across his knuckles and over the corner of her pretty eyes, he grimaced. \"Why must you be so impetuous!\" She wanted to say something in retribution, but kept her tongue as she knew he was right. \"Foolish, but appreciated,\" he muttered. She smiled softly at him, until he said \"I will have to mend it  do you have string, a needle and a candle?\" She looked at him, nervously and her face became pale. \"It will only hurt at first, I promise,\" he said, touching her shoulder. She nodded, quietly. \"In my apron in the corner.\" \"I have a brandy flask in my bag. I want you to consume some of it, it will help dull the pain.\" (Moments later, after holding her darning needle over a flame of a candle, he was ready to set about mending her wound. He could see that Viola was lifting her chin one too many times as she drained most of his brandy in several swigs): He took the flask from her. \"My Lord, easy woman  save some for later. There is no need to empty the entire contents down your throat!\" He barked. She started giggling for no reason and her face was distinctly cherry as blush warmed her cheeks. She leaned up against him and started playing with an errant curl that fell across his forehead, she twirled it around her fingertip before he batted her away. Clearly she was inebriated. \"Where does this come from?\" She asked, not making much sense any more. \"I was right when I said that about you,\" he snarled in response. \"How do you mean?\" \"Your mind really does 'hop about'.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Again  I ask you  where does this come from?\" \"What?\" He snarled, growing easily irritated by her insistent chattering. \"Your curls  who passed that on to you?\" He groaned, exacerbated. \"My father.\" \"Thank him for me,\" she chirped and started giggling again. This time she put her entire hand up in his hair and began to stroke his scalp. It felt amazing. \"I would were he not dead.\" She giggled in an absurd manner at his reply. He closed his eyes as his pulse began to quicken, she just smiled up at him  delighted at his nervous response. \"You really are quite nice like this,\" she whispered, coming in a little closer so that he could feel her breath on his chin. He glanced away quickly, trying to avoid her. \"Be still!\" He snapped and grabbed her wrist to hold her. She huffed in disappointment and then jumped as she could feel the needle barely graze her skin, it was hot like a poker. \"I barely touched you! If you would stop your incessant movement you would not feel it so much!\" He scolded. \"I have no problem with you touching me,\" she blurted out and then realizing her words, she looked up at him with an expression very much like a child's. He gave her an equally disquieted look in return. He had hoped she meant that. \"I mean  that is to say  with you mending my cut. Just give me some warning when you do so next time,\" she grumbled and averted her gray eyes. \"You must look up\" he instructed her, taking her chin in his hand so that he levelled her eyes to his. \"Do you need something to bite down upon?\" \"No,\" she said bravely. \"Just do it, please and be quick about it. I will be fine.\" \"Very well, but I want no response from you otherwise. Understood?\" She just nodded. Taking her cheek in his palm, he turned her face upwards so that he could see it better in the light. \"If I do not complain, may I be permitted to still talk?\" He was about to prick her brow when he looked at her with disdain. \"I have a feeling were I to say no you would persist anyhow. Go ahead.\" She gave him a dirty look. \"As I was about to say, I think I know the reason that the crew have declined our presence currently at their table.\" \"Oh is that so?\" He replied, the tone of his voice clearly showing that it was a topic for conversation he wished not to discuss. \"And what has your research revealed? That I am not wealthy or established enough to break bread with them?\" She looked surprised. \"No, not at all. It's because they think you're an atheist.\" He jumped at her words and in that, he fumbled with the needle that instantly pierced her skin a little too much at first approach. She cried out in surprise. \"Oww  good husband, please take a care!\" \"What do you mean that they think I'm an atheist  what ever gave them that idea?\" He cried and put the needle down, he didn't even notice she was starting to bleed again. But, when he realized she was, he swiped her brow with a handkerchief. \"They are devout, and as you often attended while they were in prayer and joined in  they thought you were too. Until one day when you arrived late for supper and sat down to eat without praying first. They were so dismayed at your utter lack of respect that they wanted nothing more to do with you and so banished you to eat with the common folk below deck.\" He seemed beside himself, totally neglecting his duty at hand. \"Unbelievable!\" \"Apparentlyare you going to finish mending me or shall I do it myself. I fear my hand is not as steady at the moment.\" She started to giggle again and fell into him a bit. \"Oh I think I feel a bit tipsy.\" He steeled himself and grasped her arm. \"Stay still!\" The anger was evidenced in his voice and she feared he'd hurt her out of his sullen mood. But, he was surprisingly gentle as he slowly entered the hot needle into the tender skin of her brow. She gritted her teeth and squeezed her hands together in her lap as she fought against crying out, as her eyes closed. It was only the first stitch and already it was proving excruciating. More so for him as he hated to see her in this much pain, but he didn't let on what was coming over him. He did another stitch and again she sat trying hard not to show any pain. \"You do well, good wife,\" he whispered. After several agonizing minutes, he successfully closed the wound and as he tied it off, he leaned forward with his mouth to chew off the end of the string. When he did she felt the most surprising sensation  that of him also leaning in to kiss her forehead in concern. She looked up and noticed how close they were at present as his blushing face was so near to hersthen the thing she least expected happened. She found herself gradually moving closer, her hand pensively touching his upper leg for support. Andthis time  he didn't stop her Her lips found his and for the first time in their married life together, they shared a kiss between them. Tenderly she found his lips devoured hers. Not the hurried, bruising kiss when he took her unaware after announcing her father had bought him for her  this was different, much different. He almost seemed fearful that she would break if he kissed her too hard, so she took the initiative and urged his lips to part. He could feel the taste of her tongue against his lower lip when finally he drew away in shock. \"There, you should be fine now  though it be day, I think you should rest.\" As soon as he released her, her eyes suddenly went back in her head from the previous shock of the makeshift surgical procedure and fell in a dead weight to the floor of the cabin. He looked down at her and rolled his eyes at her. \"I see, we can't even have one normal moment, can we?\" He growled in frustration. Moving down under her, he lifted her up in his arms and manuevering Viola under the blankets on the floor, he laid her down across his chest so that her cheek was nestled against him. She murmured lightly in her sleep. He played with her hair this time, admiring the gold strands on his fingertips as the candlelight began to fade and he too fell asleep.[Chapter 4] (Two hours have passed): A jolt awoke him, as he nearly hit his head on the oak beam behind their sleeping quarters on the floor when the ship underneath them moved forward and he didn't. Opening his dark hazel eyes, he blinked hard to find out where the disruption was coming from. As he did, he grasped Viola tighter in his arms and shielded her head against his chest. The ship was rolling but not on water, he ascertained this immediately. There could only be one reason for this \"Land! We're on dry land!\" He exclaimed with a sharp intake of breath. \"Thank the Lord above!\" The feeling of protectiveness towards Viola went out the window at that moment as he sat up without thinking and she fell to the floor like a rag doll. And yet, she slept on  possibly still under the effects of the brandy. He jumped to his feet, leaving her behind as he made a run for the deck. Moments later, she awoke to a swirling sensation in her brain. Yet she was lucid enough to make it to her own feet. She looked about her for Robert or even her nurse, but realized that they were nowhere to be found. \"Hello? Anyone?\" She cried out and then she noticed it  or lack of it  movement under her feet. Her eyes shot upwards towards the ceiling. Now she remembered. Lifting her skirts, she dashed for the stairs. When she came up aboard the deck, she saw Robert standing next to her nurse with several members of the ship peering anxiously over the side at something as they gestured, animatedly. She ran over to stand between them. \"Look, wife, look below you!\" Robert exclaimed, as moving his arm around her waist, he lifted her slightly so she could see more clearly. There it was  glorious land. A rush came over her as she saw all around her a perfectly golden beach, lapped by water from underneath the stern of the ship. As her gaze rose to take in the horizon she could see woods, grass and wilderness for as far as the eye could see. She felt tears well up inside and she suddenly grasped her husband's arm in excitement. \"We have made it!\" She cried, excitedly and as she looked up at him, he did the most remarkable thing  he smiled at her  actually smiled at her. It was genuine and real. She smiled back and then turned to hug her nurse as the robust woman welcomed her into her arms. \"This is truly a blessed thing!\" The nurse said in her ear. \"I agree!\" Viola replied and cried a little in joy. Suddenly the captain's shouting broke their momentary reverie. \"A search party! We require a search party  we need six good men to join us in a small boat, we will go on ahead and survey the land and then once we have deemed it safe we will return to allow everyone to disembark! Do I have any volunteers?\" \"Here!\" Robert said, raising his hand and waving it to get everyone's attention. Viola looked a little nervous about his overeagerness. She turned to him and whispered. \"Robert! Are you certain you wish to do this?\" He glared down at her, his disapproving countenance returning. \"We have made it this far and you still doubt me?\" \"No, it's not that  it's just\" \"Just what?\" He barked, growing impatient. \"Perhaps it would be better you avoid them insisting you go to the front, lest they push you out as the sacrificial lamb because they can't stand you  if something goes wrong.\" He couldn't believe her words. Shoving her away from him as he walked past to ignore her cold-hearted response, he immediately joined the captain. \"My dear, how could you say something like that?\" The nurse hissed, her tone unusually chilly. \"Even if it is he that you speak of?\" Viola lowered her head. \"I do not know what came over me. I just  I am worried for him. I just couldn't tell him I was.\" \"Well he is right there still yet  go tell him now.\" \"I cannot!\" She looked up to stare into Robert's impossibly dark eyes that glared hard into hers and she felt like a fool. \"Do as you wish, child!\" The nurse muttered and wandered off to talk to her friend that she'd met on board. Viola felt incredibly alone at that moment, as she glanced up  feel the heat on her cheek and the back of her neck from her humiliation  she noticed he was still staring at her, but his eyes had shifted a bit and his expression was less severe. Now it was hard to fathom what was going through his mind, there was a disquieted look he was giving her  one that made her want to forget the vow she'd just given herself and instead go to him to apologize. Such a look of longing. She felt the tears come back to her eyes, no longer tears of joy  but of conflicting feeling and guilt.[Chapter 5] (The search party formed and departed in small boats anchored to the side of the taller ship. They didn't have far to go to reach the shoreline. They were careful to bring along muskets as well as tools to explore their surroundings): Viola had felt dread as soon as Robert had volunteered to go ashore. But, as she saw her husband arming himself she truly felt fear for him. At last she quietly came to his side as he was about to wrap a compass in a bag. He turned to feel her arms go around his waist, he knew this was her way of apologizing. But, he did not return the gesture as he simply moved away from her and joined the others in the boat launch. It was only minutes before he made it onto dry land. He seemed ungainly on his feet for a moment, but then soon followed the group. She stood patiently and watched in muted silence as they marched determinedly along, keeping their wits about them and listened carefully for anything that they might come across. Viola tried to still her beating heart as they disappeared from view. The nurse saw the dread in her lovely eyes and walked over to take her elbow in reassurance. That was until they heard a shot being fired from off in the distance. \"No!\" Cried Viola, jumping at the sound. She could feel the nurse's grip tighten on her arm as both women looked fearfully out towards the surrounding forest. It seemed forever before they heard shouting and the men emerged. There were two men injured that were being helped along by the others. She was grateful to see Robert was running behind them  quite alright and in one piece, but a look of wild fright in his eyes. They were waving frantically for help as they held the red and white British flag high above their heads to signal the boats still bobbing on the water to come to shore to retrieve them. The men who were wounded collapsed in the sand which started to turn red with their blood and clutching their side. Viola felt so helpless, she couldn't do anything but watch on in horror. After about an hour, they managed to board the ship again. She ran to Robert, but he simply said \"Savages! Damned savages, everywhere!\" He brushed her aside and sat down on a step leading up to the captain's ship wheel and looked totally defeated. Viola said nothing as she dropped to his side on the step and began to sweep his feverish brow tenderly with her hand. He turned docile and closed his eyes to her touch. \"Men, do not let this deter our efforts. We will journey onward. This was just not our place, it belongs to them. We will go inland to the west. Let us depart at once. And tonight, we will decide upon our council!\" Captain Gosnold declared triumphantly as he arrived on deck. Everyone looked a little weary, barely acknowledging them as they rushed to the injured men's aid. The ship's doctor attended the men as Master Hunt who had only recently recovered from illness himself prayed for their well being. The captain came over and laid his hand compassionately on Robert's shoulder and whispered to him. \"You did good, man. I was proud to have you at my side!\" Wessex's eyes turned upwards in surprise. It was more than a mere compliment and he knew it  it was an acceptance. He braved him a smile. He turned to his wife and whispered. \"Westward?\" \"Westward!\" She confirmed and grinned. (The ship turned towards the west as promised and by nightfall they had made it to where the mighty rivers met as they made it inland along the flow of strong bay  they took the river to the right and decided then and there to name it the James River after their king. They would set up camp here for the night as the search party went ahead and found the area peaceful): As they set up their tents on the shore with their families and made a large bonfire in the middle to fix a steadfast and much needed supper, it was resolved that someone would stand guard in shifts that night, just in case trouble arose. Again Robert showed his mettle as he volunteered to take up one of the watches. Viola cringed a bit but actually admired his courage for a moment and said nothing out of respect to him. He felt reassured when she did. That night, as Viola made up their bed within the tent, she listened to Robert pacing nearby, a musket slung over his shoulder  causing a strange shadow to appear as if it were mutating his form. Peering out the flap of the tent, she stared up at him. \"Robert, do you need sustenance?\" He glanced down at her in slight irritation. \"Go to sleep!\" \"I have no need to at the moment.\" \"Then do be quiet, wife!\" He snapped and began to pace again. She began to dig in his bag near her hip and produced the brandy flask he'd offered her early. She came back out and produced it to him. He just ignored her. \"It will warm you, it is a cold night for this time of the year. Take it!\" Finally he bent down and for a moment decided to try something on for size. \"I thank thee!\" She gave him a weird look as the clearly Puritan words seemed strange on his lips. She tried hard not to, but soon her face broke out in a huge smile of amusement. He didn't look the slightest impressed by her response. \"Just.here!\" He snarled and held out his hand to grab the flask from her fingers. She decided it was perhaps more polite to hide herself back in the tent, but she was clearly heard giggling from inside. It wasn't a second later when he came up alongside it and kicked at her slightly inside in irritation. \"Robert!\" She cried out a bit in shock. Now he smiled and resumed his shift. When after about two hours a man came to place his hand on Robert's shoulder to trade his watch for his, he retired to his tent next to Viola. He didn't look over to see if she was awake or not as he removed his basic garments down to his pants and billowy white shirt to crawl in beside his wife. He laid there with his back against hers and tried to steady his breathing. It had already proven to be a trying day and he knew it was truthfully the start of many to come. \"Goodnight,\" he heard a quiet, feminine whisper. He sighed and replied. \"Goodnight.\" He pulled the blanket up over his shoulder and felt it tugged around her shape on the other side. Closing his eyes, he let sleep bid him rest as he knew that as long as he had her beside him that was all he needed at the moment to find his peace.[Chapter 6] (The next few days were trial and error for the new colonists): The very first task was as mentioned deciding on which members would head up the first council to govern the group. The names were voted upon and then drawn. Once they were, the decisions were made and that was that. Viola was shocked to see Emery's name amongst them, that's when Robert confessed to her quietly that he'd lied about the man's name  it was actually John Smith, a traitor to the 'Company' as he stated, who tried mutiny aboard the Godspeed in order to take it over when he decided his edicts were more sound than that of Captain Gosnold. But, why had he tried to rob them. Robert didn't know the answer to this as he knew he was a very highly reserved and regarded man back home. He said that perhaps the heat and unsanitary conditions of his time in the hold of the ship had driven him to temporary insanity. Either way, Viola felt insecure knowing he would lead them in this new land. Next it had to be decided who would do what. It was voted on early that the men would partake of the heavy labor and the women would do the more basic duties. Viola didn't like that ruling but knew she had little choice in the matter. Before they decided upon housing for each of the members of the Virginia Company, they had to build a fortification to protect against the natives that they knew were still amongst them, in fact you could feel many more eyes upon them every moment of the day  they were definitely not alone, that much was apparent. Were they friendly? Would they try to kill them as they did when the first touched land? Or perhaps it would be the passing Spanish ships, had they not travelled this far up the peninsula no doubt they would have been noticed and attacked at once. Viola was beginning to despise Virginia with a deep, unabiding passion; she wished often she were back home safe and sound in England  despite the religious and political unrest she found so disturbing of late in the place she once recognized  at least it was still home. What Robert didn't convey to her was the same belief. Though he was more determined now than every to prove to himself and to her that he could do as he promised, make his holdings here prosper and with it her respect for him would grow. It may have been foolish pride, but it was all he had. Wasn't he at least courageous for making it thus far? As he stood tall with this thought in mind, Viola looked up at him as she sat on a nearby tree stump while members of the colony talked nearby. How different he looked now. Gone were the embroidered, colorful garb he wore with his gold-embossed buttons and respectable ruff that always looked a little too tight around his handsome, arrogant face. He was still handsome though, even now  but perhaps a little more weathered. He had on a wide-brimmed brown hat with a large black feather fluttering in the breeze above his head that seemed to bear the pride of the wearer, his dark amber curls slipping out beneath the brim. His high cheekbones and stern, but steady gaze made her breath hitch in her throat a little. He rubbed his well-manicured goatee and bushy moustache as he surveyed the woods nearby like an explorer of yore, she felt a smile tug at the corner of her lips at the observation. As she continued to watch him, she could feel the back of her neck burn slightly and she wondered what was coming over her. His ruff was still there, but much less starchy  looser, white cotton tied around his neck and down to a billow shirt that opened a little bit to show a few dark hairs upon his fine-toned breast. He wore a dark chestnut, suede vest that was finely made and detailed, with the shoulders puffed a bit and padded to accentuate the detail. Down along his narrow waist he carried his supplies  his compass, his flask, a few other tools with his new pouch and his musket snuggled into his side. His slightly-flared, brown leather chaps were met at the knee by his favored knee-high tanned boots. She remembered touching them, they were soft like a calf, so was his skin... She grinned now and finally he turned to look at her. She found herself blushing wildly despite herself as she looked away. He seemed shocked as he observed her at that moment  was she staring at him? Though he instantly knew she wasn't smiling at him as some sort of joke at his expense  this was a different look  could it be? He felt his heart beating a little faster and then pushed away the thoughts. No, that wasn't possible. He mustn't lead himself to believe such thingshe had long resolved that she was here only out of obligation. Viola was searching for something to watch other than Robert as the feelings coming over her were ones she wasn't accustomed to. She loved Will. She loved Will. The more she told herself those words, the further away he seemed. It was almost at times that she had to force herself to even remember his face now and it scared her. Was it only because Lord Robert Wessex was simply in the here and now that she had deceived herself into forgetting? Standing up, she wandered away for a moment to council her own thoughts. Robert stayed close however, but within fair distance to mind her safety. This was a dangerous land where anything could happen, he knew that. As he watched, Viola suddenly stopped and then she stared out at the world around her. That's when the realization finally hit her. He lied. He had lied about everything Turning to him, the look she gave him with the cold and bitter expression on her face was one he had become more familiar with as without a word she ran past him, pushing him away as he tried to reach for her. Even her nurse couldn't stop her as she ran back for the tents nearby alone. After a few moments of wrestling with the decision to even care what she thought or not and the nurse giving him a lecture  he finally realized it was far better to confront his wife, than to hear her nurse's constant nagging him into action. He found her sitting on the ground in her fine, peach colored gown, picking apart the white scarf around her hair so that it fell loosely to her shoulders. He couldn't voice how beautiful she was at that precise moment because her anger was palatable. \"Do  do not speak to me! You are the last person I wish to see right now!\" She warned him, without turning to face him. She threw down her scarf and began to put some of her belongings into a bag, obviously making a rudimentary attempt to pack. \"What do you think you are doing?\" \"Did you not hear me  I do not wish to talk to you! Go away!\" \"You are my wife and you are embarrassing me in front of the other members! Come back at once!\" He barked, unable to reign in his anger as well. She glared up at him. Her face immobile, it was always scary to him when she gave him that look. \"Is that really what I am? Or is this all some sort of elaborate fantasy you have developed for yourself? This is all a dream isn't it? Nothing is real to you! Nothing  I can abide with you lying to me  but not to my father and mother? That is unforgivable!\" He knew she had meant his story of plantations in Virginia and his vast fortune. He seemed guilty for a moment. \"What? At a loss for words at last? Or is it because everything I just said is true? Why should I ever believe anything you have to say ever again?\" She stood up and came right up to him, he seemed frightened of her for a moment but tried to stay calm. \"I still cannot believe that I had the chance to be truly happy and free in England and you stole it from me! Why? Just tell me why? Why drag me here  why drag my nurse here? To save face? So where are these great plantations of yours then? Maybe we should go visit them right now! There isn't any, is there?\" \"There will be,\" he muttered, looking indignant. \"What was that?\" \"I said  there will be!\" \"Where? Out here  on my father's fortune? He had none or very little  well, he does so now, thanks to you! But, why me?\" \"Not this again!\" He snapped and tried to walk away from her to observe the great ships bobbing and weaving on the waves off in the distance. She followed him. \"Why did you pick me? But, this time  do not wax poetic about my lips and eyes  tell me the real reason!\" \"You are only happy if I am belittled and stomped under your pretty toe, aren't you?\" He whispered without facing her. She stopped and looked at him quizzically. \"What?\" \"Nothingforget it! I said nothing!\" \"I do not wish to forget this  I want to discuss this!\" He faced her head on and walked up to her so quickly she nearly stumbled backwards. He began waving his arms in front of her face as he gestured broadly. \"All you ever want to do is talk  talk about everything! You are never happy with anything that I try to do on your behalf, even by half measures! Unless I am the God in your eyes, I do not shine down upon you! I am only too well aware of it, dear lady! You have never given me the time of day or even a chance to win your favor. No man stands a hope in hell against a memory!\" Now she was fairly shaking with rage as she crossed her arms and dug her feet into the sand as she said. \"You always were such an arrogant!\" She kept her tongue as she shook her head and closed her eyes, but he knew what she was going to say. \"Forget it! Fine! You want so badly to return to England and your beloved wordsmith  go! You have my blessing!\" He answered as he bent down and threw her bag across the beach. Her belongings flew everywhere. \"Have you tired of my presence and at the sight of me already?\" She hissed as she ran over to collect her trinkets now buried amongst the pebbles and threatened of being washed away in the surf. \"That could never happen!\" He grumbled. She looked up at him in surprise as he stood there defiantly on the beach. \"Just the sound of you!\" He added as he turned on his heel and bitterly walked away without another word of rebuttal from her. She knew then that everything she'd ventured to feel towards him in any sort of regard at that moment had vanished in smoke before her eyes. The old Lord Robert Wessex had made a second coming. She sat down in the sand and felt defeat.[Chapter 7] (Days yawned on into weeks, Viola had made little effort in communicating with Robert and he did likewise with his wife. Which made things all the more difficult  particularly for those around them that were counting on everyone doing their fair share and acting as a team to build the fortification before winter came): As July approached, the heat was noticeable. No longer the temperate and cool winds basking them from the East  now the realization that they weren't in England any longer struck them as they swiped their brow and fought off the waves of petulant insects that took delight in biting them all day until they were red and sore, covered in welts. Captain Gosnold voiced his concern over the water supply and soon disputes started to rage amongst the other council members as he made a point of saying that it was possible it would be a carrier for malaria if the mosquitos continued to spawn in the still water that was left out too long. John Smith scoffed at him, calling him ignorant, saying that malaria did not exist this far west. But, truly he was unsure of his words. They knew little beyond the borders of the world they used to know. The women spent most of the day fetching food from the forest, with one man accompanying them in case the natives made an appearance during their forays. Surprisingly at this point it had been decidedly peaceful with little to hinder them. They cooked the meals, washed the men's clothes and did a lot of the work in tending the fields that were starting to show signs of buds  a promise of a crop possibly for the fall, if they were fortunate. Though it was only a clumsy attempt at agriculture, it did show promise. One day, Viola's nurse who was resting after bathing some of the family's children in a nearby stream, sat upon a nearby overturned log and observed the men folk nearby putting up large wooden posts to lay the groundwork for the fort that was to be. She watched Robert in the distance, often trying to take command and being scoffed at by the elders. They seemed to laugh slightly as they walked away, condescending in their manners as they did. She shook her head. But, as she continued to survey the scene before her, she saw her lord go over to the men a little more green to building and unsure of themselves and assist them. He showed them how to set up the proper angle for the posts and how to tie them together so that they rose without much effort straight and proud out of the ground. She had to admire his fortitude. He really did know what he was doing when given half the chance. She sat and pondered if not Viola would benefit from the scene she was observing more than she. The girl could certainly be stubborn sometimes. Though the man was far from perfect with his prickly attitude and caustic approach  she knew that he did have those odd moments when he almost redeemed himself. But, she was in love with a man still on the other side of the ocean  a man married to someone else, who never truly would have been hers with or without Lord Wessex. Perhaps she should have been grateful for Then he was yelling again  Lord knew what had incensed him, he was looking thoroughly insulted with John Smith who told him to leave at once. Disgruntled he looked up and saw her sitting upon the log. She wanted to get up and head back to the camp at once, but was surprised to see him approaching her. The nurse was sure that she was the last person he'd ever talk to if given a choice, but he was coming straight for her. Sitting down next to her with a look of indignance on his face, he didn't look over at her as he said. \"All I wish to do is give my insight and assistance and this is the thanks I get!\" He raged. The nurse just sat there numb, her hands in her lap as the cowl on her head blew a bit in the breeze. He glanced over at her. \"You may speak, you know,\" he muttered. \"That is if you have anything of which to add to the conversation, otherwise you may leave.\" \"What would you like me to say, my lord?\" \"Tell me your honest opinion. Do you have one, nursie or are you simply a sheep like the rest of them?\" \"Sheep?\" \"Yes, following the blind path of our beloved savior  John Smith!\" His comment was distinctly sarcastic. \"I did  notice you offering your help to that one lad. I think that was very noble of you,\" she whispered, seemingly embarrassed at the conversation. \"I agree  why cannot see it?\" \"Perhaps they do not understand  compassion,\" she almost chocked on the last words, she couldn't believe she was actually referring him as that. \"Thank you, nurswhat is your name? This is such a inconvenience!\" \"My name?\" She mumbled, looking shocked he'd actually think to ask her. He had never spoken to her as such before. \"Yes  you do have one, do you not?\" He barked, she looked up into his brilliant brown eyes and was a bit speechless for a moment. Even now he intimidated her. But, somehow  they seemed to soften for a bit, and she braved a response. \"Cordelia.\" \"Cordelia  thank you.\" She found a little smile tugging at her lips and let it rise to her face. He almost smiled in return before his eyes shot back up to the men as one of them dropped a post loudly on the ground. \"What a bunch of fools we have to bare up to. Back to our labors I see. Tell your mistress, my wife that I will be for dinner at half past my normal time tonight.\" With that he rose again and walked back resolutely to work on the walls of the fort, even though John Smith was glaring at him angrily the whole time. Nurse Cordelia had found a tiny place for her lord in her heart and knew that she would do what she could to soften her lady's heart as well  even if it took a little longer to do so. (The next few days proved to be a test for both Viola and Robert, both trying to dare each other to make some sort of comment or take notice of one another. It was obviously a provocation for attention): As Robert was watching for any sort of movement in the woods while standing guard one night, one of the other men in the camp laughed as he came over to him and laid his arm around him in a manner that was much too familiar for his liking. \"So my good man, did you not hear the news of your wife today?\" He tried to brush him aside as even cocking his gun seemed to make little influence. \"What of my wife?\" \"How she brought food for the men aboard the ships, and when they found their labours grew too long, thus she began to help them with carrying supplies and tying down the mast for them. It was a sight to behold, let me assure you.\" Wessex' eyes turned into slits as his anger grew upon the other man's pronouncement. He didn't take the news kindly. \"She said that you forbade her from such activity. We had to laugh  she told us she was to remain submissive, modest, grateful and brief. Did you really say such things to her?\" He gritted his teeth as he turned away when the man brought him in closer. \"You should be the one kowtowing to her, she is a remarkable woman.\" \"Do not speak to me in such tones, you should know your place!\" Robert snarled at last, shoving his arm from around him. \"Yes, I can see you saying such things to that woman  be wary, my lord for it will come back to haunt you!\" the younger man warned as he walked off in the distance with a smirk. \"Two fold!\" Robert sat there fuming silently, then snarled. \"Oh it will  but not for me!\"[Chapter 8] (As promised, a week passes and Viola is out tending to a small field nearby when she sees a little girl come up to her, pleasantly playing and passing the day): \"Oh hello there, do you have any flowers you are growing?\" the little girl asked as she walked up to her and watched her going about her duties. \"Sorry, I do not  this is tobacco, have you ever heard of that?\" \"No, what is that?\" \"Well, perhaps your father will tell you of that someday,\" Viola said, amused at her curiosity. The little girl sat down in the grass nearby and began to pluck at the weeds. \"My father said you were the wife of a lord. I didn't know our Lord was allowed to marry, is he not up in the sky?\" Viola began to giggle at her innocence. \"No, not our Lord above  Lord Wessex.\" \"He is handsome!\" she gushed. This made Viola laugh even more. \"Yes, he is.\" She was surprised to her herself saying it now, and yet  she knew it was admitting what was true. She smiled at the thought. \"And funny, he was telling us jokes about you and your father who looks like a walrus around the table today. He made me laugh!\" Viola looked up at her, she could feel ire rise as she listened to her. \"Really?\" \"Yes, because he says he lies around all day while your mother does the work. Is that really true? He also said that was what a woman was supposed to do, so that was OK. Will I have to do that some day too? I like to play too much.\" She bit her lip, trying not to say anything against the little girl who obviously was only a messenger to Robert's vitriol. She just shook her head, dropping what she was doing she walked across the field to where she knew folks liked to gather to drink over wine and food. It didn't take long to find him. He looked up at her as soon as he did, a knowing smirk on his face that was pure evil. \"Ah, there she is now, gentleman  your remarkable woman indeed! I think we should saint her next  oh that is false of me, how foolish  women can't be saints, can they now?\" Everyone in the group from council member to commoner amongst the singular masculine representation at the table chortled in delight at his pithy comments  all except for Viola who stood there, her arms across her chest glaring down at him with anger in her eyes. \"Wife, be good and go make us some more bread as we are running short and be quick about it  and also another bottle of this fine wine!\" Robert said, snickering as he held up an empty bottle to her. She just ignored him. \"I should think you can find that well on your own, my lord!\" \"Excuse me? I told you to bring me some bread and wine! Now!\" he barked, his command uttered through his teeth as he glared hard at her. \"And I told you to get it yourself!\" she snarled in response. Now the men made faces at her response as they listened with obvious amusement at the growing tempo of the argument at hand. This was indeed the most entertainment they'd had all day. He stood up and tried to look intimidating. Viola tried to stand her ground when her nurse appeared in concern to just a little over Wessex' shoulder and begged her to calm herself. \"Ah, nursie  now here is a woman of good standing and reputation. She knows her place. But then my dear wife Viola is very close to her, she knows her better than her own mother or so I have heard. Do you not, my dear?\" Viola rolled her eyes and didn't respond. \"Why you probably even could refer to her by her first name if you wished, could you not wife?\" She looked up in confusion, not sure what he was insinuating. The nurse grimaced and looked away, she could see that he'd somehow suckered her into this little ploy of his and she didn't like it. \"Go on, Viola  what is your nurse's first name? I have always been curious to it as well.\" Viola still wouldn't answer him. \"Is it because you do not know? Here I was thinking you trusted each other and does this mean you have never asked her? How little you think of her!\" Now she was flush, and she closed her eyes bitterly as she took the bottle from his hand. He leaned in close to rub it in as she knew he'd won  this time, the echo of laughter from the men around him made it even more numbing. \"Her name is Cordelia. Is that not right, nursie?\" he said, leaning back to look at the older woman. \"You are being a child!\" the nurse hissed at him as she walked past to take her mistress' arm and lead her away from the rudeness around them. Lord Wessex simply continued to laugh as the insults continued even when they were nearly out of earshot. \"My heart be still the splendor of your presence, for it is like a light that shines down upon me as it warms me in the cool of the day and basks me in it's glory in the darkness of the night when I rest my head down upon my pillow\" Viola stopped walking for a moment as she heard him. Where was this from? Poetry? From Lord Robert Wessex? It was mocking  and yet  it was his and it was poetry. She could scarcely believe it. As soon as he realized that he was effecting her with his words, he stopped and watched her. Suddenly he ignored the laughing around him and sat down without another word. But, her nurse  Cordelia  ignored her hesitation and pulled her along with her. \"Come on girl, let us leave this place!\" (The next morning, she felt Robert move next to her in the tent and she knew he was about to go off to bath before the day in the rudimentary stall that was built to give the colonists privacy  it primarily consisted of a bucket, some water warmed over a fire before hand and for those who could bare it  cold water to brace themselves and soap brought with them from England): But Viola decided that morning to add an extra element. As she rose out of her bed without changing, she slipped out back to where the women kept their tools to wash the clothes. She spotted the white dye they often used to make the shirts extra brilliant  this was particularly essential for the men. Perhaps an all over body dye would be proper treatment for Lord Wessex. She grinned to herself and skirted around back of their settlement in nothing but her nightgown and just beyond into the woods. She tried hard to keep her footing as she wore nothing upon her feet, the rocks and the branches poking her as she made her way along  she was desperate to not let the footfall sounds of shoes betray her. She finally found the stall just near the treeline and she could hear Robert singing inside as he titled the bucket above the wooden enclosure. He gasped a bit as the lukewarm water hit his skin. She grinned and held the bottle of dye tightly in her fingers. He would never mock her again after this, of that she was certain. As she inched closer to find a perfect vantage point to add the dye to his bucket  she noticed the stall door was ajar slightly. Out of curiosity she stepped closer and noticed that she could see inside. She inhaled sharply  there in plain view was her husband. All of her husband. Though he had his back to her, her eyes took in the length of his strong back that moved with him as he lifted his soap under his arm to lather up. Her eyes traveled down along the smooth curve of his narrow hips to the dimples just on his lower torso and down to his tight buttocks flexing as he stepped forward. His long legs she was familiar with. His pale skin glowed in the morning light. Suddenly her skin began to feel flush and she forgot what she'd come this far for as her hand dropped. She could feel her heart begin to flutter a bit in her chest as she continued to watch the amazing sight in front of her with muted silence. She got a silly grin on her face as she continued to watch how beautiful he looked like that, enjoying his own world and lost in song as his body moved eloquently whilst he did. Robert turned around to begin to wash his chest and stomach, his eyes still closed and as he did Viola gasped aloud as she observed the rather impressive specimen between his thighs that caused her to completely lose her grip on her weapon of revenge in her hand onto the ground. His eyes shot open at the sound, his instincts going into overdrive thinking it was perhaps one of the savages only to see his wife instead standing there gawking at him, her face as red as a rose as it was obvious she was staring down at his nether regions. \"My Lord!\" he cried out, shielding himself with his hands as best as he could, cowering slightly against the corner of the stall, wet and humble. \"Wha  what do you think you are doing?\" Viola didn't know what to say or do, she just stood there in embarrassment and looking for somewhere to flee. As she did, Robert ran forward, abruptly grabbing her and pulling her into the stall with him. He quickly shut the door behind them. She was startled by his reaction, not sure what his exact intentions were and thinking immediately she'd gone too far when he pushed her flat up against the side wall and pressed his body into hers. As he did, the bucket tipped over above them and covered the both of them with a good soaking of water. Viola tried to cry out, but Robert hastily covered her entire mouth with his palm. \"Shhh  stay still, don't breathe! Something is out there!\" he hissed into her ear as he nestled his cheek against hers. Her eyes opened wide in shock. It was true, there was a distinct crunch of branches and leaves just outside where they stood. No doubt it was a native and their lives would be in immediate danger if they were found out. As they stood there, frightened and praying they would survive this discovery, he noticed she was beginning to shiver. He couldn't help but look down to see why and he found his eyes taking in much more than he imagined. Her naked form was clearly visible through the transparency of her nightgown, made diaphanous by the dampness that clung to her. Her pert, shapely breasts were lightly tickling his rib cage and he tried to look away, but couldn't  particularly as his gaze ventured even further downwards along her flat tummy to between her - Viola watched him with a little shiver of anticipation. How hungry his eyes seemed, how she wanted him to see her like this but never had the courage. How close he was standing  so close it was driving her wild. As he tried hard to avert his dark eyes and resist the temptation racing through his blood as much as the immediate threat to their safety lurking just outside should the barest trace of a sigh of frustration escape his lips, he nearly jumped as the sensation of her hand snaking around his bare waist brought his attention back to the here and now  and the lovely visage of her face before him, laid mute by his own hand. She carefully ran her fingers up his waist, to feel the texture of his dimples on his lower back over and over again until he had to bite down on his lip at the touch and up his back to urge him to stand closer up against her. He found he couldn't help himself at this point and he didn't want to  he was dying to touch her as well, and he did as his hand found it's way around her tiny hips to cup just below her rounded buttocks and pull her to him even more as he moved forward pressing her back into the wall and with it the pressure of his naked body so that she couldn't escape his weight over her. She could feel his breathing grow quick and his heart pounding away against her breast as he placed his cheek against hers and finally bury his nose into her shoulder in desperate relief. It was then that she could feel something unmistakable making itself known as it grew and pressed into her lower stomach. She knew what it was. Her eyes grew as big as his as he drew away from her slightly to stare at her. Finally a tiny moan was impossible to hold back as it escaped his lips. She quickly covered his own mouth with her hand and held him against her in a near embrace as she tried to stand still. He kissed the palm of her hand. This time Viola moaned under his hand and returned the muted kiss to his own. But her body had other ideas as the lovely sensation of him against her belly grew and she began to find herself rubbing up against it. Her hand moved away from his back to reach down and gently relieve him somewhat as she touched it in curiosity. Then the noise outside the shed stopped as immediately as it had started. It was Robert's queue to escape as things were growing too intense for him to handle, he knew that he would take her up against the wall of this stall if he didn't take matters into his own hands. Moving quickly away from her, he gave her one last look of longing before he abruptly left and disappeared back into the woods towards the encampment. Viola was left standing there, looking down at her hand and over her body that only moments before he had touched with his own and lost as to what had almost happened. Sinking down onto the ground, she hugged herself and looked up at the sky in bewilderment as she shivered  not from the cold, but from the passion that rushed through her veins.[Chapter 9] (Over two weeks pass and the already strained relations between Lord and Lady Wessex became much more noticeable, to the concern in particular of her nurse, whom she had since taken up sharing her tent with): Cordelia had known enough of the pair not to question her mistress on her concerns, particularly when she had witnessed the poor way her husband had treated her. Little did she know of the events that had followed were the real reason for Viola's abandonment of her marital dwelling. Robert who was finding it increasingly hard to sleep at night without his wife by his side, took instead to taking the late night shifts for sentient guard duty, every night in fact. Many men suggested that perhaps he was going to end up exhausted by the end of the week  but he was adamant. He had to protect the fort, he had said, whose walls were literally being built around him. The triangular structure shielded those inside from would be attack from the Spanish and within two months it had been built, so that now the main concentration was on the individual homes within which the colonists still worked jointly on. But, on one evening during the low tide, they decided to celebrate the victory of the erection of the fort by wine, food, song and prayer. They created a makeshift table and a few chairs out of logs, it more than sufficed as they sat around it and the food was served. Sumptuous arrays of fruit that they'd found, pheasant that they'd shot and other lovely things brought aboard the ship with them. It was truly a feast. As they all sat down together, one of the men started to sing and soon everyone was feeling pretty merry and others joined in. Viola had decided to try to make peace with Robert as he sat at the table, glowering rather bored at the singers and trying to get a chance at the wine that was being passed around. The nurse sat chatting pleasantly with her friend Agatha, one of the cooks from back home. She smiled at her. She had turned out to be a pretty fine cook herself, proud of the dish she'd made her husband of muffins with fresh berries, he'd probably forgive her as soon as he sensed the aroma. She had realized that she had provoked him the day before last with her streak of independence and sarcastic comment about something he'd said to her when the first had met. No doubt word had managed to get back to him and that's why he responded as he had. But, had that not happened she would have never shared the incredible moment between them in that bath stall. She still shivered even now thinking about it as a glow came to her cheeks. As she came around the side to where he was, basically unaware of her presence but looking more distant than usual, she was suddenly intercepted on her path by someone. It was a woman, who immediately came to her husband's side and lifting her leg without barely raising her short skirts, saddled the log against his hip. He didn't notice her, but continued to play with his empty cup. Suddenly Viola felt something she wasn't accustomed to in regards to Lord Wessex  jealousy. She looked over the woman with suspicion as she observed her smiling gaily at him. She was striking with long, wavy mahogany hair and beautiful face with warm, gray eyes and full lips that turned into a ready smile. He dress spoke of a woman not of means but perhaps someone who had spent her life in the service of others. She seemed comfortable though rubbing elbows with her husband enough and she didn't like it. Or her. \"Care for some ale? You seem like someone who could use a cool drink as I noticed your eyes in search of something,\" she teased. Her soft, lilting voice sounded like honey dripped from her tongue. Viola put her muffins down and glared hard at the woman, a look of dejection on her face. Still, Robert failed to notice the lovely woman. \"I am not bothering you kind sir, am I?\" the woman asked him, still persistent in her approach. She added to it by softly touching his arm to attract his attention. Finally he looked over and when he did, his eyes lit up to see the beautiful woman trying to vie for his favor sitting beside him. She smiled at him, warmly as he seemed almost flustered for a moment. He looked over to the left of her ear momentarily to notice Viola watching them, the look on her face made it obvious what she was feeling. He was surprised for the second time in a matter of minutes as he observed his wife. Was she jealous? What it possible? It was  she had to be. He could scarcely believe it. \"Something to soothe you?\" the woman repeated and held up her draft of beer and finally he took it from her hand. \"I thank you. You can not be a woman here to serve us, not with a lovely face such as yours,\" he whispered, grinning at her like a cat with a mouse in it's mouth. He knew it was all just a ploy to see how far he could push Viola into responding. \"How sweet of you to say  no, I work aboard the ship,\" the woman quickly responded. He quickly assessed that flattery did little to move her. \"My name is Lisanne. What might your name be?\" \"You certainly are presumptious, aren't you? I do have a name yes\" She giggled. \"What is it then, pray tell.\" He leaned in and breathed into her face. \"Lord Robert Wessex.\" \"Ohhh\" Lisanne purred. \"A Lord!\" He kissed her hand. \"At your service, my lady.\" Suddenly there was a loud bang at the end of the table and Robert looked up to see Viola had slammed down the plate of muffins at the end of it. Without a word, but with hurt written on her face she ran off in the other direction. The nurse looked up and then stared over at Robert. \"Not again!\" Cordelia sighed. She saw Robert across the table and waved her hand towards her mistress. \"Well?\" she barked. \"You have grown demanding since we have left England, good nurse!\" he growled from the other side of the table at her. Lisanne began to laugh. \"I should think you had better go  I take that was your wife who made a dramatic exit?\" \"I apologize, I will return!\" Lord Wessex said and knew he was out numbered. Rising to his feet, he ran after Viola who had vanished behind one of the side walls of the fort to be alone with her thoughts. He saw her hugging herself, leaning up against one of the tallest beams  her back to him. \"Viola, you would not by chance be jealous now would you?\" he whispered a bit, teasing her with a knowing smile on his face. He wanted to glower in his small rejoice but the disheartened look on her pretty face made him back down. \"No! Go back to your meal.\" He came up and touched her shoulders with his hands. \"You have not returned to the tent for a fortnight.\" \"I am aware,\" she commented, shivering under his touch. \"It has been cold without you,\" he said, softly. \"Do not be fooled by that woman. She means nothing to me.\" \"That is not what is bothering me.\" \"Then what is?\" he asked her and turned her around to face him. \"I really do not know,\" she replied as she glanced up at him, her eyes were softer now. He touched her face with his palm. It felt wonderful, she closed her eyes and curled her face away into his caress. \"I'm scared.\" \"I know you are.\" \"I think it is of myself. Please  go back to the table with the others, Lord Wessex.\" The fact that she didn't want to call him by his name left him confused. \"Not until you join me...Viola.\" She looked down at her feet and seemed hesitant. \"I will, for now.\" He took that as meaning to only the share the meal with him and nothing else, but he knew for now that was enough. He surprised her as he held out his hand to lift it up and place his other at her waist to lead her back with him. As he came up to the table, Lisanne didn't look disappointed in the least but actually smiled at Viola as the couple sat proudly next to one another at the dining table. As the prayers were said before the actual meal began couples would say what they were thankful for, most said that no matter what they had gone through over the last few months, they had one another. Listening to the words, Viola and Robert gazed up from the bowed heads to find one another's eyes. There was a quiet look in their glances. Something had indeed changed and again, Viola felt a little shiver as she tried hard to smile at her husband. He tried to smile too as he felt the same exact shiver.[Chapter 10] (As the meal winds down, people are feeling pretty sated by the food and the good wine present. It's at this point that someone comes up to Viola and nudges her politely): \"Lady Wessex, I have heard rumors that you are in possession of one of the original works of William Shakespeare, is this true?\" She beamed at the mention of the familiar name, she couldn't hide her delight as she looked up at the young man who came to her side with an obvious interest on his face. She was only grateful that Robert had since gotten up and went off to talk to some of the other workers from his day group. \"Yes I do actually. It is one of my prized possessions, let me see if I can find it!\" she said, looking excited. She rose to go back to her tent she normally shared with Robert to find the manuscript that Will had given to her as a gift. She held it close to her chest for a moment and tried not to cry in memory of the special memento. Robert was watching her as she came back into the group cradling it in her arms. He had sensed her disappearance and looked everywhere for her. As soon as he saw the slightly tattered package in her grasp, his expression fell. There had been times when he wanted to dash the blessed thing overboard during their voyage here  but despite his best efforts to think otherwise, he knew it was indeed a remarkable work that should stand the test of time, despite the history behind it and those involved. He had to admit, even now  Shakespeare was a master with the pen. It was something that indeed he hadn't even divulged to Viola, he didn't dare. But, that day when she had run out of the carriage to attend Will's play of Romeo and Juliet at the Curtain and when he saw Viola up on that stage, how regal she looked  how luminiscent, as if she were actually Juliet. For two hours he watched her quietly, listening to the story unfold and even though he was bitter at the end watching his wife kiss the arrogant and very married playwright, he couldn't help but be a little at awe of her. It was the first time he'd ever seen a woman perform, something unheard of  and yet, she was astounding. So instead of intervening now, he decided to see if she would have that same effect on the colonists. He felt  proud of her. She noticed his stare as she took her seat back at the table and opened the manuscript before her. She smiled at him and hoped he would approve. He held out his hand for her to proceed and she nodded in response. Soon the words came from her lips as the candles were lit around the table, as twilight was upon them. It made her face glow in the half light and she looked almost ethereal. She was adorned almost entirely from head to toe in a deep rose gown with a white bodice that peeked just above the cleavage. She had a plain, white linen cap to hide the french braids holding back her golden hair and the peach shade to her pretty cheeks had returned. She looked so lovely tonight, so much so that she suddenly paled in comparison to Lisanne who sat next to Robert at his right. He was so lost in her for a moment as she recited Shakespeare's words: 'Thou know'st the mask of night is on my face, Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night Fain would I dwell on form, fain, fain deny What I have spoke: but farewell compliment! Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay,' And I will take thy word: yet if thou swear'st, Thou mayst prove false; at lovers' perjuries Then say, Jove laughs. O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully: Or if thou think'st I am too quickly won, I'll frown and be perverse an say thee nay, So thou wilt woo; but else, not for the world. In truth, fair Montague, I am too fond, And therefore thou mayst think my 'havior light: But trust me, gentleman, I'll prove more true Than those that have more cunning to be strange. I should have been more strange, I must confess, But that thou overheard'st, ere I was ware, My true love's passion: therefore pardon me, And not impute this yielding to light love, Which the dark night hath so discovered.' She had the colonists with their cheeks in their hands, resting there watching her transfixed. For a moment she seemed lost  for no one spoke the section of text marked for Romeo. Suddenly the words came to Robert, he knew them as he had heard them many times before, sneaking several reads during the long voyage when there was nothing else to do but sit and listen to the timbers creak as they rode upon the unforgiving seas. 'Lady, by yonder blessed moon I swear That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops' Viola looked up in shock to see her husband quoting the lines she held in her hands which began to tremble. She could scarcely believe it  she couldn't help it as she listened to him, her heart began to quicken  how wonderful he sounded, his eyes were soft as he begged her continue. How did he know the lines? She barely could remember her own for a moment, but didthen she knew, she didn't need to read the words as she knew them by heart and instead watched him. 'O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.' He responded: 'What shall I swear by?' She grinned and said: 'Do not swear at all; Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I'll believe thee.' He grinned in return and replied: 'If my heart's dear love' She said: 'Well, do not swear: although I joy in thee, I have no joy of this contract to-night: It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden; Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be Ere one can say 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night! This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet. Good night, good night! as sweet repose and rest Come to thy heart as that within my breast!' His eyes seemed gentle to her, she never saw him so handsome as he appeared tonight, leaning towards her on the table  the dark vest he wore was opened at the neck to reveal the strength of his breast to her eyes, his forlorn, chestnut locks curled over onto his forehead and his goatee curled into another dimpled smile. She felt her breath caught in her throat as she watched him. He was now Romeo, her Romeo He replied: 'O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?' She said: 'What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?' He replied: 'The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.' She said: 'I gave thee mine before thou didst request it: And yet I would it were to give again.' He replied: 'Wouldst thou withdraw it? for what purpose, love?' She said: 'But to be frank, and give it thee again. And yet I wish but for the thing I have: My bounty is as boundless as the sea, My love as deep; the more I give to thee, The more I have, for both are infinite.' They stopped for a moment and looked over at her nurse, prompting her to say something, but she had no clue. \"What is it my lady?\" It proved to be enough to feed into another part of the quote from the manuscript, Viola giggled a bit as she said: 'I hear some noise within; dear love, adieu! Anon, good nurse! Sweet Montague, be true. Stay but a little, I will come again.' With that she looked up at the other colonists, a little out of breath at the magical moment that had just happened before them and replied as she closed the manuscript to signal the end of the passage. \"That is all for this scene.\" Everyone gasped in delight and sat there for a few moments, before they heard the sound of applause coming from across the table  it was Robert, cheering on his wife proudly. Soon everyone joined in. Viola was blushing now as she looked over at him, tears forming in her eyes. Quietly she got up from her seat and came around him, resting her hand on his shoulders and leaning in to kiss his cheek. \"I should very much like to share the same tent tonight, Robert  that is if you think it might be cold this evening?\" \"As cold as the ripening winds of the east bear down on us  I should very much like you at my side to warm me into restful sleep.\" He grinned as she walked away from him. He couldn't take his eyes off her as he watched her wander over to speak to some of the other women who greeted her warmly with hugs and congratulations. Viola felt a lovely, settled feeling travel through her and knew it was contentment. That was until she turned to see Lisanne immersed in conversation with her husband again and his attention drawn to her instead.[Chapter 11] (As night drew to a close, Viola enters their tent, lifting up the flap and sitting down beside her husband who stopped his fussing within to witness her arrival. She looked decidedly of vague mood as he grinned up at her): \"Ah, you have returned. You will be happy to hear that I have resumed sentry duty, they do not require me to work on the colony's homes for at least a month. I will guard you admirably, good wife,\" he replied, full of cheer as he made room for her beside him. She just nodded quietly as she sat down. \"You seem rather short on words given our performance before. No curtain calls?\" he joked, trying to cozy up to her. \"I saw you speaking to her once more  mind you telling me what you spoke to her of?\" she demanded, her tone icy. \"Wife, your mood changes like the tide. I simply was speaking to the woman, nothing more. She merely was congratulating me on my rendition of your darling poet.\" \"Oh  my darling poet?\" she snarled and began to shake out her blanket in frustration. \"As I recall, I said nothing unkind to you all the while you yourself were dallying with him whilst engaged to me! The double standard is very prevalent in this tent!\" \"I see! The fault lies with me then?\" she hissed and moved away from him. She sat with her arms crossed over her chest and glared hard at him. \"Jealousy does not become you! Stop it at once!\" \"I am not jealous!\" she hissed. \"You most certainly are! I can feel the sense of it so thick in the air that I could cut it with a knife! We were only in conversation, nothing more transpired! She told me she detests your wondrous wordsmith and I could not help but be amused and ask her why  are you not curious yourself?\" He grinned evilly at her now, the old Wessex hath returned and she did not like it one bit. The colors of his personality were decidedly chameleon. \"Do not be vile! I do not care what that woman has to say!\" she snarled and looked away. \"She told me that her sister Rosaline who knew Shakespeare quite intimately was scorned by him, leaving her penniless and shamed. Is that not interesting? I thought it was!\" \"She lied, how could she have known him?\" \"Lisanne said she attended each of his plays, but yet did not actually see any of them.\" It was almost like a riddle, she looked at him in confusion. \"That does not make any sense  what do you mean she saw not a one?\" she demanded. He smiled at her. \"You really are an innocent!\" Suddenly, her eyes grew big. \"She is a whore?\" \"It paid her fare on the ship you see in the harbour. She never need set foot on land as long as she has a different bed to share every night. I have no interest in a woman of her means, I give you my word.\" \"And I am to have your word as your faith?\" she asked him, quietly, still quite flustered at the thought of Lisanne being a woman of easy virtue. \"Yes!\" he hissed. \"She stabbed a man who came on too strong to her in his advances, though he had the money she resisted him. He was nearly left for dead, but he was a man of power and was to bring her up on charges that may have led to her death. So she escaped and came here aboard our ship. She is admirably doing this on her own at great risk.\" There was a tone of respect for in his voice. She decided not to dwell on it. \"I apologize. You were most impressive tonight, Robert,\" she purred. \"Ah, I am Robert once more,\" he teased lightly. She bit her lip to keep from saying something she'd regret later, instead she laid down and he immediately took her into his arms as he rested below her. She put her cheek upon his chest and listened to his breathing. \"Where did you learn the words?\" she whispered. \"I have my means,\" he replied. \"Meaning?\" \"I read them.\" She sat up and leaned on his chest, looking down at him. She had a quizzical look on her pretty face. \"What? You are surprised I know how?\" \"No, I am simply confounded by your choice of reading material.\" \"As opposed to what, pray tell  the charter for the Virginia Company? That only can be taken so long before it lends itself to being prosaic.\" She giggled a bit. \"Something perhaps causing you hilarity?\" \"Prosaic\" \"I see, you think I am that, is that correct?\" he snarled, looking a bit insulted. He knew right away who she meant as soon as she spoke the word. \"No, I never said that.\" \"You needn't!\" He looked away, as best he could in hurt. \"Husband, tonight you have proved you are anything but that. You were  astonishing. I could feel a shiver go through me as you spoke those beautiful words back to me. I nearly cried.\" He gazed back at her words and his eyes turned tender. \"You were the one who was astonishing. I never told you before.\" \"I simply 'love poetry',\" she said, a childlike glee in her eyes. \"Yes, over me or so I have heard.\" She remembered Queen Elizabeth's biting remark at his expense. She could see how it still wounded him. \"That is not true!\" she said, immediately without thinking. He looked up at her in shock and she seemed to turn red in embarrassment. He could see her pulse vibrating clearly on her neck and he knew that she'd admitted something in a sense. \"Wife?\" he asked, softly. She grinned up at him as she laid still at his side, quietly pensive. He put his arm around her waist and moved her up alongside of him so that she was near to his face, she began to stroke his cheek with her hand. \"I still recall the first time I ever saw you,\" he whispered to her. \"You were seated at the far right hand side at Whitehall Court, watching that fool on stage with the petulant little dog  how radiant you were when you laughed. I was utterly bored until I noticed you, I felt the room stop and I could not think as I did. As I stared at you, I noticed your nurse  Cordelia, looking at me in a most decisive manner and turned my attentions away in guilt.\" She looked surprised at his words. \"You were there? Why did you never tell me?\" \"There are a lot of things I have not told you of, good woman.\" His tone was a little icy as his eyes shifted a bit in their gaze. He tried hard to keep his emotions in check, even as he felt her breath on his cheek. \"So I have learned!\" she snarled and tried to tame her tongue. \"But perhaps in time you will tell me more. I only wish I had known your intention that day, perhaps\" \"Things would have been different?\" he said, his voice a little distant. She knew what he meant. \"Perhaps\" She raised her hand, softly touching his curls with her fingers along the hairline of his forehead. He closed his eyes with her tender caress. \"Please stop,\" he begged. \"Why? You do not wish me to touch you?\" He could feel how close she was now, her body pressed against his and her heat tangible. \"I did not  I mean  I\" he struggled to speak. \"I wish to touch you,\" she whispered and began to lay gentle kisses along his jaw, against his cheek showing just a day's growth of fresh beard, up to the soft shell of his ear. \"Please do not trifle with my emotions, I beg you,\" he replied, shaking a little under her tender touches. \"Shhh\" she chided and began to kiss his neck, licking at his skin in obvious discovery. He closed his eyes and held her against him, running his fingers down her back as the splendour of her continued. \"Please  you do not know what you do to me.\" She broke away, hovering just above his face, her nose only inches from him as she looked intently into his eyes. \"Oh I think I do. I wish to kiss you.\" \"As before?\" he asked of her, his breath quickening. \"No, not in that manner  that was crass and unforgivable of you! I would not wish\" He separated from her a bit and looked her directly in the eye. \"What are you speaking of? The moment I kissed you in your father's house or aboard the ship?\" \"Aboard the ship? You did not kiss me aboard the ship!\" \"I most certainly didI  you do not remember do you? Ah, why should I not be surprised, your mind was blurred by the drink you consumed.\" \"I kissed you?\" He grinned at her. \"You did, and much more\" She gave him a dirty look. \"Now, that I do not believe.\" He nearly laughed. \"Then perhaps you need to refresh your memory!\" She grinned. \"Perhaps I shall.\" Quietly, she lowered her face to his as he lifted her chin with his finger and closed the distance between them as she felt the first touch of the his lips on hers. Tender and yielding, Viola's mouth accepted his eagerly as she returned the kiss with as much passion as she could. It was a gentle kiss, but full of meaning as he turned his head to one side to kiss her with more emotion. Viola moved her hand up Robert's chest to lay her palms flat against him, she could feel his heart beating feverishly against her fingers. This was what they both wanted now; they could no longer deny it. Her head was swimming, it didn't feel real somehow. Was she really here? Having him kissing her like this? This was how it should be, she kept telling herself  this was right. Suddenly, as if it dawned on him who he was truly kissing, his touch became more gentle. She could feel him tremble a bit as his lips took command and consumed hers. She sensed the tip of his tongue urging hers to part and she allowed him inside. Sensing her acceptance, he slid it inside her heat and could taste a hint of wine on her breath and the salt of tears on her lips. He hummed a little bit as she muffled a giggle as it was almost unreal how happy she felt. Robert moaned a little in return, slowly and tenderly devouring her warm lips with his. He moved into her a bit so that he could lift Viola up into his arms, holding her tightly. She put her arms around his neck and slipped one hand behind his jaw as she could still feel the chill of the evening on his skin. The kiss turned a bit more intense as they explored a bit and Viola climbed Robert's teeth with her own. He played a bit with her tongue as it darted around his as she could feel his breath in her cheek. He tasted like stout and she liked that. His fingers began to find their way under her corset, tugging a bit on the strings that binded her, one by one they came free so that he was boldly stroking her bare back, gripping it in his fingertips until she groaned in response. At last, needing the sustenance of air, they broke free. His lips lingered on hers for a tiny bit longer. They seemed stunned, but only for a moment at the realization of what just happened between them. She was giddy, giggling a bit, and his face flush as he stared at her with desire and tenderness. His smile was genuine, and easily came to his face. There was no doubt  they were no longer playing a part in a play and the thought brought a large smile to her face. She looked down to see how loose her dress had become, revealing nearly her nudity again to him. The memory of it brought a rich blush to her chest and neck. \"Be not ashamed of your body,\" he said, as if answering her thoughts. \"As you should not, Robert,\" she replied and let her fingertips glide down over his chest, to his tummy, to just below his waist. His eyes shot open at her rather impertinent voyage and he closed his eyes tightly as he could feel her stroking him a bit, before he took her hand off of him. \"You are bold, my good wife. But, let us rest  we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow.\" She looked disappointed, but laid her head back down upon his breast with a sigh of contentment once more. He held her close and kissed the crown of her head. \"There will be time later for this,\" he said, as she quietly drifted into sleep. \"I promise you that, sweet one.\"[Chapter 12] (The next day, Robert was beside himself  his favorite pair of thigh-high boots were missing. They were his pride and joy, he had brought them all the way from England and belonged to his father. He went around for much of the day, giving people accusatory glances and shouting at many in frustration): As he got ready for his evening sentry duty, he seemed a bit at a loss as he slid on an older pair of buckle shoes. It was only when he emerged from his tent that he saw them  his boots, sitting up against the post to support it  all alone, but perfectly polished and the buckles once broken now fixed on the side. They were as handsome and smart as if they were newly bought. He knew immediately as he retrieved them that it was Viola's doing. Grinning, he looked them over and admired her handiwork. She was quite admirable when she wanted to be. He knew that this was a gesture to show her feelings for him. He was kidding himself again, he thought as he chastised himself silently. He stooped down and replaced his shoes for his boots, feeling whole again. He opened the flap of the tent to peer inside and witness Viola sound asleep, her cheek curled into her hand and looking quite innocent. Leaning over, he ran his hand down along her leg, belovedly and smiled at her. Then getting up he resumed his watch. He walked around the encampment for about two hours when he knew he needed to relieve himself. Creeping back into the woods just beyond the fort he encountered a small makeshift cottage he'd never seen before. He could tell there was a light burning inside and thought he could hear men's voices. Briefly he resolved the pressure building up in him, before went closer to investigate the sounds. He'd never seen anything like this erected in the colony before and as he came up next to the building  he could make out it's inhabitants  they were the governors. Some were standing, others sitting  they looked quite animated as they were discussing something at great length. Out of curiosity he came underneath a nearby window to listen in and got much more than he was prepared for. \"I tell you this, gentlemen  we must resolve this situation quickly before it dooms each and every one of us. This has gone on too long and it has gotten much bigger than anyone was prepared for when we formed the company. Diseases of plague proportions are eminent, I can feel it, along with that comes poverty and waste. It is forming into another failed experiment like Roanoke!\" \"Then what say you? Abandon them to their plight?\" \"If it is necessary, it is necessary! But we must make them believe we have no other choice than to return the governors to England's shore on behalf of the queen. This way we do not have to explain our departure with no hope of return!\" Robert's brow creased as he continued to listen  it sounded like one of the elders, he could scarcely believe his ears. He closed his eyes to shut out the thoughts running through his head as he could feel it spinning. He had to lean on his gun. \"No! We can not do this to them, they have faith in us!\" came a voice of reason within, it was very apparent by the tone that it was Captain Gosnold. As expected fully by Robert, John Smith was quick to chime in. \"Damn you and your voice of reason! All we have ever heard from you is ways to calm the colonists but nothing in the way of solution! We need something concrete  now!\" Suddenly there was movement and it sounded as if someone were pacing the floor, just as the doorknob to the tiny house turned. Lightening quick, Robert turned and ran blindly back into the woods wence he came. As he did, he was spotted briefly by John Smith who looked up to see where the noise was coming from and recognized the man's tell-tale boots. \"Me thinks we have a spy amongst us!\" he snarled and grinned evilly. When he had returned back to his tent with his wife, he was out of breath. His thoughts were still stifled by the horror of what he'd just overheard. But, he made the determination then and there that Viola would know none of it, if she did  her life may be in danger, he reasoned. As he stripped out of his boots, coat and daily wears down to his blouse and pants, he slipped in under the blankets beside her. It felt immediately warm as her body heat permeated his cold bones. Viola's eyes fluttered and she woke, she reached up for him and he gratefully sank down into her arms, laying his head on her breast in relief. \"Long night, good husband?\" she whispered, stroking his hair. \"Go to sleep!\" he grumbled, his mood sullen. \"I was only merely asking if you are tired?\" \"Yes I am, go to sleep.\" She moved him away from her and looked into his eyes, her brow creased in slight anger. \"Robert!\" she snarled. He silenced her at once with a kiss, she returned it but with a bit of a dispassionate air. \"Please  go to sleep!\" he repeated a little more quietly as they separated. With that he turned over on his side, his back facing her. She looked over at him in complete confusion. Just when she thought he'd opened up to her, welcomed her perhaps into his heart, he suddenly slammed the door shut once again. Trying to keep from getting emotional about it, she reasoned perhaps he had been scared by a native in the dark and decided not to press it  she would ask him in the morning. Rolling over, she put her arm around his solid waist. She was comforted by his hand reaching over to hold her arm against cradled under his own. With that, they fell asleep. Though Wessex's was marked by fits of waking and sleeping throughout the night.[Chapter 13] (Three days pass, Viola tried to get her mind on other things as the usual pattern of Robert turning cold and distant. Anytime she tried to be even remotely attentive to him, he'd kiss or hug her almost as if he were placating her. He would never tell her why): She was bringing in water from a nearby well for the afternoon meal when she watched her husband toiling by the gates, helping build once again. He looked striking with his tan leather jacket and sweat coming down along his face and neck as he laboured. She smiled to herself as she stared at him. Men now looked to him for guidance as they continued to work, the walls of the first house of the settlement finally going up  by the fall no doubt they would be in their own comfortable dwellings rather than the drafty tents that were growing wretched as they often fought off the insect infestations in the evenings. As she was lost in her own thoughts, she noticed a man approach Robert, say a few words to him and observe him following the man off into the distance. No doubt he was going to take a brief break to refresh himself. She smiled once more and lifting the buckets in a yoke around her neck, she went back to her own task at hand. She was grateful for the large, black brimmed hat that she wore today which was held in place with her white handkerchief attached to the attached to the underside. It held up her flaxen hair. It was the only thing keeping her cool from the noon day sun today. Having to wear black by edict of the governors was proving trying of late. She couldn't understand the change in atmosphere with the gentlemen but she found it was best not to argue the point. She knew there had to be a logic behind their reasoning. It was only when the lunch was being prepared and the fixings were laid upon the table that something became apparent to Viola's nurse, Cordelia. \"My lady, where is your husband  he seems to be later than usual today. Should we fetch him?\" Viola herself looked up and noticed it as well. Her face creased with worry, this wasn't like him. \"No, I am sure he will be along in due course, good nurse. He is simply finishing up his work for the day.\" But as time increased by the hour and still Robert didn't arrive, she grew pensive. She wandered a bit beyond the fort and the safety therein to look for her husband on the beach. Yet by all intensive purposes  he had simply vanished. As she turned to return back inside, she was met by a young man at the gate. His face was flushed and he looked out of breath. He bent low, somewhat overly formal. \"Madame Wessex. Might I have a word with you? It is of urgency that I must speak to you.\" She nodded and now felt truly afraid as he led her to an old tree stump which they used as a makeshift seat. She began to play with her skirt in obvious frustration. \"Yes, please tell me  what do you have to say to me?\" she asked him as she did. \"It is Lord Wessex, your husband  the governors came to arrest him this afternoon on the charge of treason.\" The colour from Viola's face vanished as she looked at him open-mouthed and her eyes wild with fear. \"What?\" she cried. \"Arrested? But  that can not be!\" \"I am sorry to be the one to have to tell you such horrible news. But, I knew you had to know. They said he conspired against the Virginia Company and now he will be charged. If he is indeed found guilty, he will be hanged from the tallest tree outside the fort.\" Tears began to form in her eyes as she could scarcely believe what she was hearing. Could this be possible? No! It could not! Not Robert! But, why his secrecy and avoidance of her of late? She began to tremble as the tears freely fell down her cheeks and she tried to shut out the terrified voice crying out inside of her. Finally, she opened her eyes and looked at the young man directly beside her. \"Where is he? I must see him!\" \"I cannot, my lady. John Smith himself forbade us to even speak to you.\" \"Tell me  where is he?\" she repeated, more firmly this time. \"If you do not at once I will search every square inch of this land until I find him! Save me the trouble and confess!\" The young man thought to himself for a moment and then summoned his courage. \"He is in the block house near the side entrance to the fort. It is not a formal jail, but it is enough to hold him for now! Go at night fall when they will not notice you! I can not say anymore  I have risked myself coming to you with this right now, please do not ask more of me.\" He got up, bowed formally again and ran off back into the fort. Viola was trembling as she held herself to comfort her racing thoughts. She was crying openly as she rocked back and forth a bit. Finally she buried her face in her hand. \"Robert! My darling!\" she whispered, her voice choking back her tears.[Chapter 14] (It was nearly half past midnight when Viola, dressed in a long, black cloak made her way through the dark with a shrouded lantern, careful to watch her footing and trying to be as silent as she could. Under her arm she carried provisions for her husband): As she finds the basic structure that houses the only jail in the colony, her nose is immediately overcome by acrid smell of smoked meat. No doubt used to prep fresh kills before each meal. It was dark inside and she had to do her best to avoid tripping over rocks on the dirt floor. She raised the cowl of her cloak and looked about her to see someone in the corner of a cell made from wood and rope, he sat against the wall, his face turned away from her. She knew it was him. \"Robert?\" she said in hushed tones and stepped closer. He immediately turned to look up at her and it was then in the lantern light she could make out the bruises and gashes along his handsome face. It was apparent he'd been beaten within an inch of his life. \"Oh my dear Lord, have they hurt you?\" she cried, her heart beating feverishly in her chest. She wanted to throw down the lantern and run to his side to bathe his face but knew the bars immediately restricted her. \"Why  why are you here? Who has spoken to you?\" he demanded as he still didn't stand, but just glowered at her angrily from his spot on the other side of the room. \"It does not matter, I am here now  I have brought you food and water. I have the notion they have not provided you with the same?\" she whispered. \"Please come closer so I can clean your wounds.\" \"No! Please, you are making a foolish attempt at civility on my behalf! Leave here at once. And, if you knew what was good for you, woman you would buy passage on the next cargo vessel and leave forever!\" He sank back down into his spot on the rock bench and didn't look up this time. \"You have a lot of nerve saying such things to me after you concealed the truth! Why did you not confide in me what was happening? Why are you here? Is what they say true?\" she demanded, feeling her ire at him once more returning. \"I want you to tell me everything  I think it is time, Robert!\" \"Know your place!' he snarled. \"It is not for a woman to contend with such issues  I did not think you would comprehend the full scope of what I discovered. I will not speak of such matters now as it really is pointless. Go!\" \"Why do you say things to me? It is true  I heard from a young man the other day about your imprisonment, all I could think of is that you did not deserve to be here. I broke down in tears because I feared for your safety! Tell me it's wrong to care about you and I'll go!\" His eyes looked up at her admission of her feelings, he'd never heard her say those things to him. Finally he could no longer conceal his masquerade and immediately rose to his feet to run to her as she had buried her face into the bars and was sobbing once more. Lifting her face with his hand he looked deep into her gray eyes. \"Please, good wife, do not cry  I can not stand to see you so,\" he said as he put his cheek in close to hers and held her as best as he could through the gates that divided them. She cried a little harder and then finally smiled as she held him back, instead burying her nose in his shoulder. \"I will get you out of here, I promise.\" \"Do not do anything hasty, Viola  I beg of you.\" She nodded as he broke away from her to wipe the tears from her eyes. She gently tried to use her cloak to rub the dirt and caked blood from his temple. He winced in obvious pain. \"Why have they done this?\" But rather than answer her, he took her lovely face between his hands and kissed her deeply. She gasped in surprise and returned the kiss. He breathed heavily into her cheek as she could feel his lips separate and devoured her own hungrily. She moaned and reached through the bars to put her hand behind his neck and pull him even closer, sinking her fingers into his dark curls. As they broke away from one another he kissed her a few times more and looked on the verge of tears himself, but stopped. \"Listen to me, go back to your tent  say nothing to anyone! Come back tomorrow, but try to sleep tonight  do that and I may rest knowing that you are safe.\" She nodded and kissed him, as reaching for him, hugged him as best as she could. Then she bent low and slid the food and water through the bars to him. \"You may rest assure then, Robert  tomorrow I will return. I promise you that. For however long it takes.\" His chestnut eyes looked sad as she walked away from him, possibly one of the hardest things she ever had to do, but she wanted to obey his wishes though it was tearing her apart inside. As soon as she stepped into the dark, forbidding night she suddenly felt someone grab her arm. Nearly screaming in alarm, she turned to see it was Lisanne, roughly holding her ground and looking quite somber. \"Let me go! What are you doing?\" Viola demanded. \"Where is your tent  I need to speak to you, it is urgent!\" she replied. Without waiting for a reply, she began to drag her back to the encampment. Viola tried to fight her off the whole way but it did little good as both women made their way through the vines and trees to the safety of her tent. Once there, she threw back the flap and Lisanne followed her in, she tried to move away from her finally. \"I can not speak to you  please go!\" Viola begged. \"I was there, Lady Wessex. I saw the whole thing and what he said to you. I know how we can help free your husband.\" She looked up at her in shock. \"Why should I believe you?\" \"What do I have to gain by fabricating the truth? And I know you love him.\" Lisanne looked at her, and she went numb. She didn't know what to say  it was a realization and in her heart she knew it was true. \"No one ever said that to you before have they?\" Lisanne asked quietly, a knowing smile on her face. Her penetrating green-gray eyes looked deep into hers. She leaned in close to her and whispered. \"Isn't it about time to admit it then?\" Viola shook a bit and then nodded. She looked down at her lap in embarrassment when she noticed the other woman reached over and take her hands in her own. She glanced back up at her. \"Let me help you, please. He did not do anything, he has been imprisoned wrongfully by a very scornful and evil man, I should know  he has more than once crossed my path. His name is John Smith, a traitor to the company if I ever saw one. He planned a mutiny aboard the Godspeed. It was your husband, Lord Wessex who witnessed his plan and it was he who went to the captain with the news. Thank Gods above he did or we would no doubt all be at the bottom of the ocean now if he had not. There were traitors in that room that keeps your husband captive, that's why he couldn't tell you everything that I just have. Do you not see  he said what he did to protect you. He also did what he did to protect all of us and Smith doesn't like it. That is why he has him captive in that horrid place they call a prison. But, he told you how to rescue him  do you not see  the cargo vessel. If we can find the money and the means to get aboard that ship, tomorrow night as dawn is almost here  we will be free of this place, and so will he.\" Viola's eyes lit up and for the first time in a long time since the events had transpired  she smiled at the woman, filled with hope. \"But, understand  it will not be so easy a task. The ship is a crew of men only. The reason I am allowed to remain amongst them is that I am a woman of ill repute, but you are a lady and if you are to travel with your nurse, so is she. And, unless you have some means to\" Suddenly, Lady Wessex sat up in delight. She put her hands on Lisanne's lap in excitement. \"Thomas Kent!\" \"Who?\" Lisanne asked. \"I must confess, I have posed already as a man back in England to attend William Shakespeare's plays at his playhouse.\" \"Shakespeare!\" grumbled Lisanne a bit under breath. Viola ignored her but gave her a side ways glance as she continued. \"As I said, I portrayed a man quite ably and appeared on stage as such. It may be time to don my role again.\" \"You are full of surprises, my lady,\" Lisanne said, giggling slightly. \"Call me Viola please.\" \"Only if you call me Lisanne.\" \"Agreed!\" \"Do you trust me then?\" \"Do I have a choice?\" Viola volleyed back. Lisanne smiled again. \"No.\" \"Well then we shall best muddle along and see what becomes of this outrageous venture.\" Lisanne agreed and was about to leave the tent when Viola spoke up. \"Please stay tonight, I would like the company, if that is alright?\" She came back into the tent and curled up next to her, lightly resting her hand on her waist as she burrowed under the blankets for warmth. \"Thank you, for staying and for helping me.\" \"Think nothing of it  I was growing bored upon the ship anyhow.\" Now they both laughed at the lewd notion and fell asleep.[Chapter 15] (It was a pensive day for Viola as well as Lisanne, they managed to tell their plan to only one other person  Viola's nurse in preparation for that evening. Viola knew that she couldn't tell Robert  not only would he disapprove but the walls had ears in that place, though she often visited him when she could throughout the day): When evening approached, she was inside her tent, up on her knees in front of Lisanne topless as she was helping her adorn her garments and start to become Thomas Kent once again. The nurse was off trying to find the rest of her outfit as her new friend was sizing up. \"I must admit, you look rather adorable as such,\" Lisanne whispered, giggling slightly. \"I am afraid, dear lady, I have not enough to pay you for your services!\" Viola joked, trying to deepen her voice. \"Hmmand here I thought you a man of means, I am quite disillusioned!\" Lisanne answered. She bounced Viola's breasts in her fingertips in jest. \"Something does not look right, sir.\" Viola began to laugh. \"I hope my nurse brings the cotton batting to bind them, it is a bit drafty in here.\" Lisanne began to play with her nipples and it was decidedly rather personal. \"I can see that. Besides of which, I think a thick shirt will suffice, there is hardly reason to bind these little ones.\" Viola looked at her in insult. That was until she noticed Lisanne was still playing around with her breasts, now squeezing them in her palm. Viola quickly moved away from her overeager grasp. \"You know, I think I will look for that shirt myself!\" She could feel her cheeks burn in obvious embarrassment. \"I apologize, I am a little too free in my favors I fear,\" Lisanne explained. \"Seeing you as Thomas Kent, I forgot myself.\" Viola still wouldn't look up at her. She wondered where her nurse was at present. She had never realized that Lisanne had probably preferred both men and women. When the thought crossed her mind at how it was even possible  she realized she had just let her stay with her the night before. She began to feel uncomfortable. \"Relax, please Viola  I will behave myself,\" Lisanne whispered right near her ear, making her jump again. \"Let us instead focus on getting your husband aboard that ship!\" Later, in the dead of night  Lisanne, Viola and Cordelia made their way back to the beach where they decided to split up. Lisanne went back to the ship to try to convince one of the yeomen to take her friends aboard with part of Viola's dowry in her hands. She sincerely hoped she could trust her as she watched her go with her nurse following the younger woman  but it was as she said before, what other choice did she have at this point. She herself went back to the prison. Lisanne had confessed to her that the guard  the only one as it turned out  who was minding Robert actually fancied him. Would wonders never ceased. She said that if Viola made a play for him as Thomas, he would certainly oblige in giving her the keys to Robert's cell. Swallowing her pride, she decided to try it. Robert saw her come into the entrance of the building and it immediately peaked his interest  he has seen that face before, and knew who it was  it was Viola. Not only that, he recalled seeing her dressed as strangely as she was before, but he did not remember where. He watched her now, desperate to make a comment of alarm over her motivations of play acting in this place, when he observed her approaching the guard in the corner. The same guard who on recent occasion had seen it fit to speak to him in overly gentle tones of concern, and who had more than once slipped his hands around his waist with the explanation for fear he would fall. It was obvious the man preferred the company of other men. So why was Viola dressed in a man's attire No! It couldn't be! He grimaced a bit at first and then slowly a large grin came to his face at the cunning of his wife. How she knew the other man's sexual preference was beyond him, but at the moment it hardly mattered. Yet here she was, ignoring her own husband entirely and instead entertaining with small talk the handsome, young guard near the entrance to the room. As she reached her arm around him in the midst of conversation, he noticed her sliding his key from his chain. Robert gasped slightly and tried to contain himself, nearly laughing. She had nerve, he gave her that. How impressive she was. There were a few more words exchanged and with it the guard stood up and left his post. Now the couple were finally alone. As Viola rushed across the darkened room with key in hand, Robert decided to play along with her charade. \"Come quickly, let us get out of here!\" she hissed as she unlocked the gate. \"Who are you?!\" Robert demanded, trying to sound indignant. \"It matters not, merely a friend. I will confess my true identity later  we have not the time at present!\" She took command immediately as she reached for his arm and together they made it to the safety of the ship just sitting anchored off the shore, the moonlight casting lovely lights across the water. There were a few small rowboats making the crossing to the beach. 'My clever girl!' he thought to himself as he held on to her arm a little tighter in fondness. \"Hurry! Please pick up your pace!\" came another familiar female voice in the near darkness. As the waves lapped the shore, he turned to make out Lisanne approaching them. Therein another mystery was solved, now he knew how Viola knew of the persuasion of the guard. Greeting them in relief she smiled up at them. \"Follow me, gentlemen!\" she said, chuckling slightly. No doubt she had some part in Viola's masquerade as well. As they passed her to move up the beach, both Viola and Robert suddenly felt a sharp pinch to their backside. It was Lisanne's hand in this. Robert jumped and then he noticed his wife did as well. He decided to once again play along. \"My my, we shall have to hire this wench's service aboard the mighty vessel!\" Lisanne tried to hide her delight. \"It will be my pleasure. I may even charge you half for your small companion if he joins us!\" Robert chuckled lightly and slapped Viola hard on the back. \"See, I knew my fortunes had turned out for the better as soon as you arrived, lad!\" He walked past her and then came up to Lisanne, putting his arm around her waist instead and leading her up to the boat awaiting them now with an oarsmen at ready. Viola clenched her fist and grumbled a bit as she followed them. (Finally onboard the ship, Robert came inside first and a man tried to stop him, but Lisanne led him aside as soon as he did. Robert then took the nurse inside with him, he waited for his wife  but Lisanne signalled she was fine and went on without her): Viola stood near the main deck to the cargo hold and watched as Lisanne made suggestive remarks to the crew member who had tried to hold up Robert. She couldn't make out much of what was said, but the way she was touching him, it was apparently a proposition for some frisky activity for later that night. She comes over to Viola with a knowing grin on her face. \"It is done, you have safe passage to England granted to you. But, I suggest you stay in your disguise and it would do you well to keep your nurse covered as well. They still do not know your true identities and we must keep it that way.\" She breathed a sigh of relief as she smiled at Lisanne. \"I do not how to thank you!\" But as she tried to step away from her, Lisanne stood in her way. \"I think I may have some idea.\" Robert returned from one of the cabins to see what had become of his wife when he saw Lisanne standing in front of her, suddenly taking her aside and gently pushing her up against one of the walls by the shoulders. He looked puzzled and then he overheard the conversation. \"Wha  what are you doing? I\" Viola began to protest. Lisanne leaned into her a bit and covered her questioning lips with her own. Robert's eyes grew large as he continued to watch in disbelief. It should have been jealousy he felt, but it was quite the opposite  it was excitement. He'd never seen anything quite like this in his life and didn't know how to react but he couldn't tear his eyes away. Viola tries to push her away, but what surprises him  is she doesn't try too hard, instead she half sinks into the kiss  as if she were welcoming it a little, that perhaps it excited her too. As Lisanne separates from her at last, she hears the other woman mutter. \"I am loyal to my husband.\" This causes her to smile as she leans in to kiss Viola once more, this time a little longer and tries to urge her lips to part as she tickles her bottom lip with her tongue. But, once more Viola breaks away. \"He may wonder where I am!\" Viola objected, breathlessly. Lisanne just nodded and then brings her up into her arms, pressing her more into the wall as she captures her mouth again in hers. This time she manages to slide her tongue into her mouth. Viola cries out in surprise. Robert's breath begins to beat as fast as his heart as he watches them with growing desire. What shocks him is his wife was beginning to respond to the gentle persuasion of the woman's arms she was in. Viola indeed was delighting in the discovery of a forbidden kiss, one that shouldn't be happening  one that she shouldn't be enjoying this much as her lips began to gently caress Lisanne's. Once more she nudged her away, but only a breath away from her own mouth as she said \"Pleasewe should stop. This isn't right. I am married. Happily.\" Robert's eyes grew wide at her words. Lisanne giggled a bit. \"I know, you have told me how you care about him. I am sorry I simply wanted to know what it was like and could not resist. You really are lovely, Viola.\" She jumped a bit as she felt her nimble fingers travel down over her stomach to between her legs and lightly pet her there, tickling and nudging her a bit before she finally broke free completely. \"As are you, thank youI  have to be looking for my husband\" Robert quickly disappeared back into the shadows and into the cabin behind him as he watched Lisanne leave finally, and his wife approach his direction. As soon as she was within the entrance of the door to go past, he reached out and grabbed her arm. Viola screamed as she looked up, the door closing behind her back firmly and a hand come over her mouth. This was like a bad dream, everyone suddenly grabbing her on this ship  she didn't know what was about to happen to her and just prayed silently for Robert when she felt herself being pressed face first into the wood frame of the door and a voice up close to her ear. \"Finally we are alone,\" came an all too familiar voice. She breathed a sigh of relief, it was her husband  thank the Lords, but when she heard his next words she could feel her blood run cold. \"I have been waiting for this moment since I saw you alone in that jail, coming on to that other male guard. I knew then that you think as I do. All I desire is to feel you against me now. Perhaps we can have a spot of fun before my wife finds us.\" Viola's eyes grew wide. He was coming in to Thomas Kent! \"She does not know and what she does not, I will not tell her. I need to be inside of you, feeling your body without these restraints of clothes against my skin, your warmth, the scent of you, the taste of you.\" She shivered at his arduous words, wishing they were for her instead. How could he betray her like this? \"From the moment I met you I knew, I could sense it even though you could not. The way you talk, the way you move, the way you read those words to the colonists that evening over the meal and I read them back to you.\" Suddenly Viola gasped  he knew it was her! He smiled as he pressed himself into her. \"My beautiful wife, I need you now, I have wanted you for a very long time,\" he whispered, his lips kissing her ear and pressing his nose into her neck which burned under his touch. \"Oh Robert!\" she gasped, aloud. She held in her grasp the coins that she was to give the yeoman when coming aboard the ship, as her fingers trembled at the thrill of his words  the coins tumbled all over the floor loudly at her feet. She quickly tried to stoop down to pick them up in embarrassment but he lightly laughed at her predicament and gallantly stepped forward himself. \"No, no  allow me!\" As Viola stood there quivering slightly, her breath hitched a bit in her throat while placing her forehead against the frame of the door, he was overcome with emotion at how beautiful and vulnerable she looked. And he had to admit, she was pretty darling as a boy. He realized at that point, it was pointless to resist her any longer, he'd given himself away with his gentle teasing before, he had meant everything he'd just said. \"Lift your foot,\" he whispered as he reached under the heel of her tiny, buckled amethyst shoe. Obediently she raised her foot and he began to gather the coins. But, then he stopped and quietly, without warning, began to remove the shoe from her. She gasped slightly and looked down  unsure of what he was doing until she felt the most remarkable thing  that of his fingers sliding down over the base of her foot, examining the gentle arch and reaching each of his long fingers in between her small toes to hold her foot up. Then he leaned in and began to lick and suck on her heel. She shuddered a bit as a warmth gathered deep inside of her and she groaned at the sensation. Placing her hands flat against the oak frame of the door for support, for fear she would lose her balance completely since she was so lost in the moment He grinned to himself that at the slightest provocation she was a puddle of mush and so he continued. His hands explored the delicate bone of her ankle, up along her calf to further still up along the back of her thigh. She continued to tremble under his touch. Robert realized quickly that there was an obstacle, one he had mentioned before  her clothes, her damning pseudo male clothes. He knew they needed to be quickly dispatched of if he were to continue with what he desired. He found the clasp to her stockings just on the underside of her pantaloons. He thanked God that he knew how to undress himself equally well and knew where everything was exactly. As he freed both of her legs, he slowly peeled down the blue tights so that they revealed splendid ivory skin, glowing before his eyes and toasty to his touch. It was only seconds after both stockings lay in piles of fabric around her that he began to explore her warm, incredibly soft skin with his tongue and lips. Viola felt her head spin, this wasn't happening, it couldn't be  it felt like a fantasy. She had secretly feared of letting go and yet at times she dreamed of it at night lying beside him, what it would be like having him take her into his arms and making love to him. Now she knew there was no going back. She welcomed it as a deep seated desire buried itself low between her legs and she grasped the hard wood of the door in her fingertips even more. The things he could do with that divine mouth of his, he was certainly talented, she thought to herself. His tongue coasted up from her ankle to her calf in a long, hot trail as he began to kiss and suck on the dip behind one knee and then the other. Her moans became more plaintive as his voyage of discovery to her new world continued. Meanwhile his beautiful hands showed the way like a guide as they made their way up her legs, hugging and caressing them, bringing them closer to his face. \"Please, don't stop! Please don't stop!\" Viola whispered, her voice muffled a bit by the sound of her jagged breathing, but he heard her. \"Your wish is my command, my lady,\" he teased. As his fingers encountered the barrier of her pantaloons, she realized he would need assistance. Moving her hips back slightly, she fought to undo the clasp on her pants and it took little time at all before he began to pull them down her legs and off her body, throwing them to one corner of the room cavalierly. She stood there, still not facing him, shaking a bit as she was bare in her fine boyish garments on top and below that only a simple pair of white undergarments  unremarkable but incredibly alluring all the same to him. He took his time, careful to bring her to just the right moment of readiness for him. He sat up a bit behind her, he began to remove his own suede jacket and vest, dropping them to the floor and then leaned in to embrace her hips and thighs a bit as he ran his tongue along the back of her upper leg, to the crease just below the shape of her plum bottom  becoming slightly naughty as he bit the curve with the edge of his teeth  causing her to jump a bit. Then nudging her legs apart slightly, began to kiss and tenderly lick her inner thigh. Her moaning began to grow in intensity as she moved her legs apart even more and then he knew she was ready for him. Grasping the top of her underpants, he revealed the full, rounded shape of her lovely little bum and the nest of darkened hair peaking out below as he removed them from her legs. She prayed nothing would interrupt them, not now, please Nothing did as she felt his nose press itself slightly in a part of herself she'd kept private from him for at least two years prior and now she was dying for him to explore. What she wasn't expecting was that he was much more talented than she realized, and that he was about to do something to her that not even Will dared do. Carefully he lifted his fingers to divide her and dipped his tongue in between a place she didn't even venture herself. Gasping aloud, she lurched forward, her eyes opening wide for a moment in disbelief. As she continued to feel the pleasure that he brought to her in ways she never thought she'd imagine She could feel his fingers reach up and separate her thighs even more as his tongue delved between them. She began to tremble as he explored a part of her lovingly, bathing it and batting at it playfully before pulling it into his warm, moist lips. She could feel her body react immediately. Never in her life had she felt such an unexplainable sensation as that that coursed through her system. Yet, it was very real as she placed her forehead against the door to steady herself, her breathing becoming heavier and her fingernails digging into the grain of the wood. Her body was reacting on it's own now, rising and rolling with each sweep of his tongue, causing her to feel a tingling feeling that was like a deep-seated tickle she couldn't scratch, it was driving her mad  faster and faster she jutted her hips into his face as he slid his tongue even inside of her at one point. Even the gentle tease of his goatee as it caused it's own delightful tease of her soft skin. She began to hear herself moaning unintelligible words and curses as she bit down sharply on her lip until it nearly bled. This was sheer heaven and she knew it. But, then, like that  he stopped and drew away from her. She looked up briefly in disappointment but only for a moment as she felt a rush of air and he had moved up along her to scoop her trembling body up in his arms and his bury his nose into her shoulder. Reaching up, he pulled her boyish, brown wig off her head so that her golden tresses fell free. She could hear his words in her ear as his damp lips found the spot behind it. \"I must confess I have not heard such foul language uttered from so sweet a lips as yours before, my lady,\" he whispered hotly. \"If you persist the way you do  you will no doubt hear more!\" she said, laughing lightly. \"Then you give me no choice!\" he teased and she felt him peel her velvet sapphire jacket from her shoulders and then begin to undo the ties along her blouse near her breasts. She closed her eyes and felt the heat of his body as he pressed into her from behind. As his fingers busied themselves with their labor, he laid gentle kisses along her bared skin as little by little more of it was revealed. Tenderly, he sucked on the smooth nape of her neck underneath the sheath of her long, waves of flaxen hair that he managed to brush over one of her shoulders so he could taste the skin of her shoulder. She shivered underneath him, but she was not cold  on the contrary, she was burning to his slightest touch. She giggled a little bit despite herself again and he smiled under his kisses, liking the sound of the joy he was bringing her as her breasts came free once he coerced her to raise her arms and threw her blouse to the floor. Immediately he reached up and captured them in the palm of his large hands. She gasped a bit and then shuddered a little as he softly began to smooth his fingertips over the incredible texture, like silk  and feel her nipples rising up to meet them. Viola could stand it no longer. She suddenly spun around in his arms and wrapped her own around his neck, reaching up to kiss him. He kissed her in return  harshly, vaguely reminiscent of their very first  the one she often times tried to forget. Now, it was made unforgettable as the passion overrode their reason and she buried her fingers deep into his hair to pull him closer. He buried his nose deep into her cheek as he brusquely devoured her lips, his tongue fighting it's way for acceptance into her warm and inviting mouth. He grabbed for her, digging his fingernails actually into her back as one hand gripped her lovely rump, lifting her up slightly off the floor. Breaking away only momentarily to gain their breath, they looked at each other with lust in their eyes as she suddenly began to grab for his shirt and the last vestments of clothing he wore. He helped her where her hands could not and the both of them began to tear off his clothes, which mostly ended up on the floor until at last he stood as naked before her as she did to him now. He looked so amazing, so real and so incredibly vulnerable. Her eyes traveled over every inch of his body as his did the same in unabashed admiration. It was then that she noticed the scarring and wounds on the side of his face. She reached up tenderly to touch them, when he abruptly grasped her hand. She inhaled sharply as he pulled her up against him for another hungry kiss, he wanted to forget the pain and focus everything he was feeling on her. He wanted to immerse himself completely, forget the world outside this one, to love her finally as he had been wanting to for years. But what she did surprised him, she lifted herself on her toes, bowing his head with her hand slightly as she licked at the said wounds with her tongue. He grimaced but at the same time it was incredibly sensuous and he allowed it. Then she raised up even more and enveloped his left ear within her mouth. It was slight  but he felt an odd tug. As she moved away from him, she held up her prize for him to seeit was his earring. \"What?! You little thief!\" he snorted, contemptuously as he tried to reach for it, grabbing her around the waist to hold her still, but she played at it and held it away from him, scrambling past him. \"Finders keepers,\" she giggled and reached up to put it in her own ear. He smiled at her, he couldn't help it. \"I admit  it is rather fetching on you. I shall allow it  for now. But, you will consent to return it to me tomorrow.\" \"I think not! It is rather a pretty trophy!\" she said, still giggling. As he tried to reach for it again, this time she claimed him as her prize  as putting her arms around his neck, she began to kiss the side of face, down along his jaw which she outlined with the tip of her tongue until she heard him gasp in surprise. Meanwhile her nimble fingers ran down the counters of his body, over his warm breast, down his narrow torso to stroke his bare belly and lower still  until she claimed him at last in her hand. He moaned loudly and held his breath as her mouth and tongue voyaged down to meet her fingers, tasting his skin as she did. She stroked him several times in her fist she made around it before she sank her lips down over the top and soon, though it took a moment of practice, the rest of him disappeared deep within her mouth. He closed his eyes tightly, seeing lights even when he did as he grasped her tiny head to him as she moved in a perfect rhythm. He could feel the heat rising up in him like a fury through his body. He had to stop this before it was over too soon, counseling himself to restraint as he coaxed her away from him. Robert lifted her up to stand in front of him. Then he bent over and putting his arms around her waist and under her butt, he lifted her high into the air. She screamed in surprise and then kissed him passionately as he carried her over to the door and pushed her up against it. Immediately she separated her legs and wrapped them around his waist, crossing her ankles into his back. Without warning  she could feel a hard pressure divide her, piercing her and in one smooth move fill her deeply inside as thrust his hips forward, causing her body to bang loudly into the door as she threw back her head and screamed out her pleasure. He grunted loudly in response. Outside the door, Lisanne was making her way along when she heard what sounded like a struggle going on inside to anyone else but her. She knew what it was. Smirking, she tried to cover her mouth to muffle a laugh. Her little ploy had worked. Yes, she had to admit  she rather fancied a kiss from Viola, but to have known Robert was observing them  well all the better. And what better way to stoke the slow-growing desire between them. As the banging on the door began to grow in intensity and speed, along with the joyous screams of pleasure inside  she knew that they would need no more coaxing tonight. She continued to listen, finding it exciting to do so. Soon the sounds abetted as inside we see the lovemaking had moved to the bunk bed near the far wall. Wrapped up in the sheets, with her legs above her captured in Robert's strong arms, we see their bodies move as one across the feathered mattress, as he leans in close to kiss her through struggling breaths. It isn't long before the peak of their unity causes a rapturous response as her body rises up off the bed and arches high as she screams her husband's name and he groans loudly to accompany her, grasping desperately at one another. As they shudder one last time in ecstasy, they fall apart into one another's arms. He can barely breathe as he lays back with his head on her breast, listening to her heartbeat like a frantic rabbit in his ear. She puts her arms around his shoulder, feeling the sheen of sweat on his skin and laughs finally in relief. \"This is Lisanne's fault!\" Viola chastised. He chortled a bit in response. \"I do not recall her being in the room  I think the blame for what just happens lies solely upon your shoulders, good woman!\" \"She was outside the door!\" \"Oh come now, how do you know that?\" he said, resting his chin on her collarbone and looking up at her ruddy and content expression. She smiled down at him, and began to stroke his hair. \"I could hear her laughing. I am almost certain that kiss was for your benefit  did you see us earlier?\" Now he turned a bit red. \"I must admit, I did encounter your indiscretion.\" \"Well, it certainly  did the trick\" she said, shaking her head. \"I am not paying you more than a pence!\" he said in retaliation. With that pronouncement, she took the pillow behind her head and hit him with it.[Chapter 16] (The next morning): It was early when Lord Wessex awoke from his peaceful slumber next to his wife. Once again he became aware of the familiar roll of the sea from underneath him, a sensation he'd tried hard to forget. And yet, it was worth the sacrifice of comfort to feel Viola's naked and warm body curved into his own as if she were made for him while she slept beside him. He wrapped one of his arms around her and placed his fingers flat against her little tummy. Resting his cheek into the soft cradle of her shoulder, he breathed in the lovely aroma of her hair. Had last night perchance been nothing but a dream? Yet here they were together, a feeling of calm as he'd never felt before settled into his bones. It was peace  something he was unaccustomed to. Smiling, he kissed her cheek as she slept on and then playfully leapt over her side and landed on the floor. He felt as if he could have eaten two breakfasts that morning and work the labor of three men! Or perhaps another frolic between the sheets with the fair maiden still lost in the world of dreams would suffice. Despite the fantasies, he knew the reality of the situation that still faced them. They were returning home. It was something he'd never thought he'd see again  if it wasn't for her, he wouldn't be. For a moment, the aspect of seeing England again filled him with dread as he looked down at his wife's face. Now that he had at last shared her body and soul  would he still lose her heart to her dearest playwright? He began to pad barefoot back and forth on the wood planked floors nervously before turning and throwing open the shutters to the tiny cabin. The smell of salt sea air filled his nose immediately as he looked outside. The waves were so high they nearly came to his chest alongside the ship. He leaned out for a moment, lost in thought and listened to a gull cawing as it flew overhead. \"Robert?\" came a soft voice from his bed. He turned and realized the sunlight had awoken her. \"Go back to sleep, good wife. I did not mean to disturb you, I apologize,\" he whispered, tenderly. She smiled and held out her hand to beckon him closer. He came to her side immediately. \"It matters not, I am more than happy to rise to find you next to me and safe. I feel so wonderful this morning, like I was asleep and have just awoken  much thanks to you dear husband.\" He sat down on the edge of the bed and tried to muster a smile. Without a word more, she sat up and took him into her arms. He closed his eyes at her gentle gesture and then squeezed her a little tighter  not wanting to let her go, however brief this moment was. \"All that matters to me now is you,\" she whispered, more of a confession than simply a gesture of fondness. He almost wished he could believe that, as he smoothed her bare back and kissed her shoulder, softly. But, she could feel the strain in his muscles. \"Robert, what is it?\" she asked him, tenderly. \"Tell me you do not regret what we shared?\" \"I have a most remarkably brave and beautiful wife - last night was  something that - it was  \" His voice trailed off and she broke away to look at him, she touched his cheek when his dark eyes cast away from hers. She could see that there was something on his mind. He felt humiliated in his feeble attempt to voice his feelings to her and unbraided himself for it. \"Was what?\" she asked, tenderly  she hoped he'd say more. He seemed hesitant, if he betrayed himself to her  would she laugh at him and spurn his emotions? But as he tried to move away as well physically she would not be so easily deterred, as he sat up, she reached up for him and held him still. \"Please after all we had together last evening, please do not tell me it was all for naught!\" she begged. \"And I am not remarkable, I did what any woman who stands beside the man she\" He shut his eyes tightly, not having the courage to hear the words she would utter with cold feeling as if by duty. \"Perhaps I did take advantage of your moment of weakness, to prey upon your need for someone  anyone  you confused me with someone else I fear,\" he answered, his tone flat as he tried once more to get up. \"Why do you hold yourself accountable so  I do not. And what you say is not true. I made a choice last night as much as you, you know that.\" \"You seek poetry and romance, and take it into your heart - I just take  and in this instance the one I took was you. And for that I am sorry.\" \"Robert  where are these words coming from?\" she demanded, feeling her blood run cold. He refused to look at her now. Instantly she sat full up in bed, throwing aside the sheet that covered her nudity. She took his hand and held it over her breast so that he could feel it in his palm. \"Do you feel my heart beating?  It beats for\" But, he quickly glanced away again and there was anger in his face. She gritted her teeth and then reached over to take his face between her hands. What she saw surprised her, there were tears in his eyes. She stroked his cheek in concern. Yet, when she looked deep into his face, she found herself hesitating the words that Lisanne had told her that she felt only the other day. She had to tell him. \"Robert, I\" He could see she couldn't she simply couldn't bring herself to admit it, the words he longed for her to say  like some kind of far-reaching fantasy. It broke his heart to realize it would never happen. Before he had a chance to suffer under some sort of sense of delusion, he cut her off again. \"Do not wax poetic to me, dear woman about the state of your heart and longing in your loin. We have more pressing matters to consider  that of our return to England.\" He tried to crawl away from her and sink down into the bed out of her reach, but she understood his out maneuvering all too well now. She was starting to learn his little tricks. \"That's what this is all about\" she said, breathing a sigh of frustration. \"It should take approximately a month, in that time we will have\" \"You think that once I have returned to England with you I will go to him, don't you?\" He seemed afraid to answer her as he shifted in the bed and tried to concentrate on other things. \"I think it is time to tell you everything of my past if we are to continue as it's rather of importance that we get our stories straight when we arrive.\" \"We have later for that  I think we need to discuss this matter first.\" But again he ignored her, simply turning away from her slightly but she wasn't so easily dissauded. \"No. I will however need to mention that I do not take lightly the matter of your father's profession when we are to meet with my side of the family,\" he continued to prattle on, closing his eyes and literally shutting her out. \"Tell me how you feel, I want to hear it!\" she insisted and tried to get him to turn around. \"Leave me alone, good woman,\" he growled under his breath. \"Tell me!\" she said, a little more firmly and pulled him at last around to face her. Finally, he could take no more. \"Enough!\" he screamed in her face, so loud that she cowered back from him a little in fear. \"Do you have no self control at all? One night of passion does not equate love!\" At last he had said the word he had been most avoiding during this whole conversation. \"It does after what we have been through the last few months, all we ever do is fight and then to have you speak to me the way you did last night  I felt so close to you. But, I'm not giving up so easy, push me away if you want  I know how I feel about you and I know you feel it too, you can't convince me you don't.\" He trembled a bit at her words as he rolled over eventually in defeat and took her gently in his arms. Though he snorted a bit contemptuously, albeit quietly in her ear. \"You really are infuriatingly stubborn,\" he whispered and held her a little tighter. \"Would you therefore be content if I admitted to you at least that I care for you?\" She smiled and gave a silent cheer. \"I will take that as a wonderful concession  and I care for you as well  very deeply.\" He grinned at her response, as she curled her face into the warmth of his shoulder. She was surprised to feel him rocking her a bit. \"You have a crook in your smallest finger,\" he said, suddenly out of the blue. She broke away and looked up into his lovely hazel eyes. \"What?\" He held up a finger to his forehead. \"And a little mole right here that's barely noticeable above your left eye, and you breathe through your mouth when you sleep, and I believe you drool as well.\" Her brow furrowed a bit in anger and he just grinned as he found it touching. \"And yet you are perfection  as radiant as the moon shining on the water at night and the sun warming your skin in the daytime,\" he whispered from nowhere that she felt her heart stop. She nearly cried as she leaned up to kiss him and hold him tenderly in her arms. Then she began to recite things of him. \"You have moles as well along your temples,\" she said, touching him there. \"And above your lip, barely disguised by your beard.\" She kissed him where she had found it. \"But yet, I find myself looking at you and having to pause, overcome by the remarkable strength and beauty of your face.\" \"Beauty?\" he scoffed, looking slightly taken aback by the effeminate comparison. She grinned and took his chin to level his eyes to hers. \"Beauty,\" she confirmed. \"You are my handsome knight, standing beside me though I dare not understand why, watching over me and caring for me. The rough winds do not temper your remarkable face, your steady gaze, your confident gait as you walk. The soft, deep roll of your voice calms me. Though your temper flares, I feel the passion in you that is unmistakable\" By this time her words had enthralled him so that he had slid her over underneath him, she smiled as he divided her legs and laid between them. Before she could say another word, she felt him smoothly enter her and fill her up deeply inside as he brought her up into his arms. The rest of the morning they spent enjoying the pleasure of one another and wishing the world outside away, just one more day. (For the next week and a half the masquerade of Thomas Kent aboard the ship continued while the nurse kept a low profile, almost entirely out of view from the others on board): The only time Viola let her guard truly down was when she was with her husband in her cabin. There they continued their evening and even afternoon love making sessions  it was amazing how well they had been getting on of late, almost as if making up for lost time or as he saw it  stolen time, as he knew the future was still uncertain for the both of them. Viola was just grateful that though it would have still have been a blessing, she didn't end up carrying his child by the third week of the voyage as their sex they shared had been fevered and wonderous. More than once Lisanne pressed her for details and soon she was opening up, eager to find a friend her age who would understand what made a man tick. Soon they became quite close, even sharing a history with William Shakespeare. It became readily apparent that Lisanne knew him in the biblical sense. It inflamed Viola's jealousy, something she hadn't felt in some time when discussing her former love, she knew that deep down inside, she still often thought of him and wondered what had become of him. So it was little wonder then as she was napping beside her husband one afternoon that she had a rather peculiar dream of her past. Not yet married  she saw herself on stage, dressed as Thomas Kent at the Globe theatre. She was rehearsing her lines alone in preparation for the show later in the day when the doors to the theatre opened. Will had yet to arrive for the day, she could barely contain her excitement at the thought of seeing him again after their tryst from the night before. Glancing up, she saw a rather familiar person storm inside and immediately rush her near the steps leading up to the stage itself  it was Lord Wessex. Startled and feeling incredibly exposed, she shrank back as he pulled out a sword and glared up at her in anger. He was a despicable man, loathsome with absolutely no redeeming qualities other than the fact he was rather handsome despite the scowl constantly upon his face. But, now she felt quite scared of him as he growled \"Where is he?! Where is that penny-pinching, two-timing rogue poet?!\" Viola tried to keep her nerve as she deepened her voice. \"I know not of who you speak, sir!\" \"My Lord!\" he corrected, narrowing his dark eyes. \"Be mindful of who you speak to, knave. I will ask only one more time  where is he? Where is William Shakespeare?!\" \"He is not here, I do not know when he will return,\" Viola replied, though she could feel the hair stand up on the back of her neck as he began to pace a little in front of her in the dust. He was like a bull ready to charge but with no target. He finally put away his sword in disappointment. He looked down at the ground. \"Very well, I believe you  I will be backI\" Suddenly, he stopped for a moment and glanced back up into her face and looked deep within her eyes. Now she tried to steady her breath as she stared back, unsure what had come over him. Without comment, he came around to the side of the stage and began to climb up the stairs towards her. Now Viola felt that her very life was in danger, she wasn't sure what he had in mind as she stumbled backwards a bit, trying to put space between them. He just stood there  at least three feet away from her and stared at her, his gaze unwaivering and she shook for a moment, feeling a blush uncommonly rise to her cheeks as he seemed to be sizing her up. Gradually he began to step closer. Viola stepped back, almost tripping but then decided to be defiant and see his challenge. He noticed it and smiled at her, in a rather beguiling way. A definite blush was rising ever more upon her cheekbone. He held up his hand as she almost tried to move again. \"I will not harm you!\" he whispered. Finally, he bridged the distance between them and came to stand before her. Reaching up, he pulled her wig from off her head, she gasped in surprise and futively tried to struggle for it but he threw it to the floor. Then, quietly he peeled off her fake beard to reveal her true identity to him. One that she immediately realized he knew. He raised his hand and softly cupped her cheek. He could feel her trembling under his touch and now she could hear his breathing become a little more laboured as his hand coasted along her jawline and reached around to grasp the back of her neck, burying his fingers into her silky golden hair. She released the script of paper she held in her hands to the floor with a flutter of paper everywhere. Bringing her forward, he captured her lips with his. Instinctively thinking it would be another harsh kiss as their first, she put her palms flat against his chest in order to push him away, but as his touch turned surprisingly tender and his tongue nudged her lips to part, she found her hands instead inexplicably having a mind of their own as she was grabbing at the lapel of his satin tunic to pull him closer. This couldn't be happeningbut it was. The more he kissed her as he brought her warm body into his arms to cradle her against him  the more she didn't want him to stop. She raised her hand to bury her own fingers in his ebony curls, they were so incredibly delicate to the touch and she moaned in obvious enjoyment as his breath muffled itself into her cheek as they were lost in the moment. Suddenly there was a sound of a carriage going by outside the theatre that roused them from their intimacy. He broke away as quickly as he had drawn her in and let her go. Dropping his hands, he gave her one last longing look and with a grunt of anger, he turned and ran down the stairs and across the room to the door. Throwing it open, he stepped into the daylight and vanished. Viola was left standing there, confused and breathless, wondering what had just happened and recalling it instantly again and again as she could still feel his touch and his lips on hers, the sound of his breathing in her ears and the heat of his body  how real and solid he felt. My God, what was she doing?! She was in love with Will  not this  this man! This horrible  Looking up, she realized something  had he always felt for this way and only now shown it? Yes, they were engaged through an arranged marriage  but And this kiss, so much different  he let her respond this time  it was almost as if  he was testing her own desire for him She felt so unsure of the feelings rushing through her and her mind shouting \"No! No!\" Looking down at her discarded disguise on the stage, she picked it up, glanced only momentarily at the script that had fallen out of her hand during her kiss and decided to return home instead. She hoped the theatre company would not notice her absence, particularly Will. Her nurse grew concerned for her the moment she came rushing into the house with barely a word spoken to her. She tried to follow her, to ask what was wrong but her mistress refused to answer. She did not come down for dinner that evening with her parents and now her mother asked the nurse to check on her. Food was sent up to her rooms, but instead it was barely touched as she came into her bedroom to see her staring off into the distance out of her window as she sat upon the seatee. \"Child, what is it? What is the matter?\" Finally, Viola looked up, her eyes full of tears. \"I do not know.\" Nurse Cordelia held out her arms to the girl and she got up to run over to hug her close to her bosom. Breaking away, she asked of her. \"Tell me nurse, where is the family home of the Wessex?\" \"Why do you ask such a thing? It is late! You must stop worrying over trivial things\" \"Please, you must to tell me. I need to see him!\" \"Who, child?\" \"Lord Robert Wessex. Tomorrow. I have to see him tomorrow.\" Cordelia shook her head. \"His home is in Somerset, I will show you, but tonight  you need your rest!\" Viola relented and eventually crawled into bed, but try as she might she couldn't sleep. She laid there until the wee hours of the morning, turning things over and over in her head. It was early the next morning when she dressed in her finery of green silks and her flourished hat when set out for Somerset to find him. She didn't know what she'd say when she saw him, but now he was all she could think of. The estate was huge, almost like a castle alone amongst the trees and laneway. It was breathtaking. As she approached it by horse, she began to think she'd made a grave mistake. What if he refused to see her? But, she was his fiancee, he'd have to see her. Perhaps they would live here one day Why was she thinking of this. Closing her eyes for a moment, she tried to think of Will but all that flashed to her mind was him  Lord Wessex. Gulping, she chuckled the horse lightly with her heel and urged him forward up the front lane to the front door. A stable man who had been watching her approach greeted her to help her from her mount. She thanked him as he set her down. \"Please, tell me  where is Lord Robert?\" \"You must be Lady Viola de Lesseps, is that correct?\" he asked in a gentlemanly manner. \"Yes, that is right. Do you know where he is?\" \"He is in the garden behind the house, ma'am. He's taking his afternoon walk.\" \"Thank you.\" She took her gloves in her hand and stood for a moment to gaze up at the house again looming over her. It really was amazing. Coming around the side and letting herself in the gate, she glanced at the expansive gardens just beyond the marble patio  they seemed to go on for acres. To one side she noticed what looked like a green maze and it was then she spotted him coming around one corner and disappearing again as he was walking by himself, lost in thought. Gathering up her skirts, she ran down the steps and headed for the maze. What was she thinking coming here? What would she do? And, would he do? Would she look like a fool on a fool's errand? It took several moments of walking through the maze and she was much sure by that time she was lost as she searched for him. No longer could she hear the crunch of his footsteps as they vanished into the distance. She didn't dare call for him as she thought it not proper and yet she had no idea where she was much less him. As she came around one corner suddenly someone grabbed her from behind. Screaming, she turned to find herself in Robert's arms as he pinned her up against one of the hedges. \"Why?!\" he asked in a peculiar manner. \"Why are you here?!\" Then the answer came to her, one that she'd known for years and suddenly  they were in the here and now, married for two years, having since left by ship for the new world, having gone through many trials and tribulations together, struggles, heartbreak and dependence on one another  and through it all  something she never knew until now \"I love you!\" she cried, tears streaming from her eyes. The look of surprise and then relief on his face was met by the most incredible thing  a large, honest smile as he suddenly scooped her up in his arms and held her. Held her like he never wanted to let her go. \"I love you!\" she whispered into his ear again as she sank into his arms in  happiness. Suddenly, she awoke from the dream  and seemed disappointed to realize she was back to reality, aboard the cargo vessel borne for England. But, to her obvious relief, she found the most beautiful thing nestled next to her pillow  that of her husband's face, fast asleep. Smiling, she reached over and stroked his cheek and then leaned in to kiss his brow. He grumbled a little bit and then went back to sleep. (Though he can sleep, she cannot and so instead she decides to visit the nurse to have a heart to heart about what's on her mind. She quickly dresses again in her men's attire and leaves her cabin): What surprises her when she arrives at the nurse's cabin is hearing another voice inside. She knocks and it's Lisanne who answers. \"Ah, there you are  I was beginning to think we'd never see you again? Not with your husband this time, Master Kent?\" she joked as she let her inside. \"I was just talking to Cordelia about the men of this ship. Really it's remarkable about how few manners they have. Unlike your gent.\" Her nurse smiled as she listened to her new friend, but grew dour when she saw her mistress' face. \"My dear, what is it  you have such a look of distress  something troubling you?\" she asked. She was always like a mother to her. Lisanne put her arm around her waist also in concern. \"Here, come  sit down and tell us what is wrong.\" \"I dreamt I was with Robert,\" she began as she sat down between them on the edge of the bed. Lisanne began to laugh. \"I must tell you, Viola  that wasn't a dream.\" \"Not like that!\" chided Viola, grimacing a bit. \"It was so strange. I was back in England, I was up on stage practising one of Will's plays when he walked in.\" \"Lord Wessex?\" Cordelia asked her, putting her hand on her lap. \"Yes. He was so angry. He kept ranting how he was looking for Will as he drew his sword. When I said I did not know, he was about to leave when he glared up at me. Next thing I knew he'd joined me on the stage and immediately ripped my guise from my face. Before I knew what was happening, he brought me up against him and we were kissing.\" \"Mmmnow that is the kind of dream I like having!\" Lisanne replied, grinning from ear to ear. Both Cordelia and Viola gave her a dirty look. \"What?!\" \"As I was saying  we were kissing. Then, he left without so much as another word as a sound outside interrupted us. I stood there stunned and all I could think of was Robert. I remember returning to the house. You tried to speak to me, good nurse, but I barely heard you  I asked where Robert lived at his family's estate and you told me Somerset. I went there and followed him into this garden maze. He suddenly caught me as I came around a corner and then I was in the present, married to him, and with our history and\" Lisanne leaned forward. \"And?\" \"I told him that I loved him!\" Viola said, covering her face and crying. The grin on her face grew as she looked over at her friend. Cordelia gasped. Lisanne reached up and took Viola's hand away. \"My sweetness, why are you crying  that is a good thing. There is absolutely nothing wrong with admitting the truth to yourself, now you just have to admit to him. I think he feels the same and is just waiting to know you do too.\" Cordelia patted Lisanne's arm. \"I agree, my child. I have seen a change in him, and I think that is your doing. I think it is time to tell him.\" Viola sighed and started to laugh lightly. \"You are both right. I don't know why I haven't of yet. I will tell him  today. I promise.\" \"Good girl!\" Lisanne said and leaned in to kiss her cheek. \"Now what say we get us a bite to eat from the galley? I believe I have worked up quite the appetite!\" \"I think I will bring you a plate, child. You have been through a lot, please stay here  I will accompany Lisanne and get you some sustenance.\" She kissed her mistress' cheek as well and followed the younger woman out of the room as Viola thanked them before she left. She sat there by herself for a few moments, feeling more happy than ever to know that very soon she'd be telling Robert her feelings for the first time. It was exciting and scary at the same time. As she mulled over things for a few moments, she glanced down at her nurse's chest in one corner of the room. She knew that due to lack of space in her own belongings, the nurse had offered to store some of hers with her own. Bending down in front of it, she fiddled with the latch a bit and sprung it open. Peering inside, she found many treasures, including her broaches, and hats and several knickknacks. That's when she spotted it  a small satchel of what looked like handwritten letters. Picking them up, she immediately recognized the style of script  it could be no other, as she was well familiar with it  William's. She covered her mouth in horror. As she quickly undid the string holding them together they fell out on the floor. She leaned over and ran her fingers across them  all of them addressed to her, never opened! \"Oh dear Lord! No!\" she cried as she started to gather them up in her arms like a mother seeing a child she'd been separated from for years. It broke her heart. How could her nurse do this to her? Why?! Such betrayal. Hot and angry tears came to her eyes, so much that she could barely see. It wasn't but a few moments later as she waited for her return that she looked upon her bitterly when the nurse stepped into the room. \"I brought you stew, my dear and some breadI.\" That's when she stopped dead in her tracks to notice her chest in the corner wide open and Viola clutching very recognizable letters to her breast. \"I do not understand?! Why did you hide these from me?! How could you hurt me in this way?! Tell me!\" she screamed. \"How many letters did he send to me all those years ago  words I never heard, you just let me suffer in silence with a man who did not love me! How?!\" Cordelia was beside herself. \"You don't understand! I did not have a choice!\" \"What do you mean  you did not have a choice?!\" Viola demanded, the tone of her voice dropping as she realized quickly what she was hinting at. \"He told me to hide them from you!\" \"Who?!\" she yelled. She was certain that as her heart dropped, she already knew. \"Lord Wessex, your husband!\" Tears streamed from her eyes even more. Here she felt to her heart would have been less painful. Jumping to her feet, she ran from the room before her nurse could stop her. \"My lady!\" Cordelia screamed but it was to little avail. The horror on her face as she watched her vanish down the hall. It was only moments before she returned to her cabin to see Robert still fast asleep and not a care in the world, but oh that was about to change if she had anything to do with it. Coming over to the side of the bed. She shouted at the top of her lungs. \"Get up! Rise, sir! Rouse yourself!\" He blinked hard to the late afternoon light and turned around to see Viola dressed as a young man, her face red with anger and in her arms what looked like letters  ones he immediately recognized. \"What possible thing have I done to you that causes you to hate me so  that you would be resorted to do this? Tell me!\" she demanded as she showed in her hands the bundle of her coveted treasure that she dared not let go of. He scoffed at her, totally unruffled by her charge. \"You ask me that? You have the nerve to ask me that?! As though your reputation were saintly pure as the lily-white snow?! Tell me that you do not recall something so fresh in the mind that it felt as if it happened yesterday?! How you made a farce of our engagement and then our marriage by dallying to the entire world and even on stage with that  that  vile and reprehensible playwright William Shakespeare! You really are the simple child I always thought you were  I should have married a woman!\" \"But that happened in the past, this is the present!\" \"So it matters not your behaviour in the past? Is that what you are saying  that you feel absolutely no remorse?!\" he raged as he sat up in the bed at last, and reaching for a nearby robe to throw around himself as he stood before her. \"Remorse? Possibly you can correct me if I'm wrong, but I did overhear from someone at my father's ball when Will first appeared that you said he was 'coveting my property'  that is all I am to you, that is all I ever was  and you expect me to honor and hold dear a man who thinks of me so little? Yes, perhaps I am a child, but I do not wish to be a woman in your presence, sir  and when we return to England  I will help you obtain whatever you need to as far as your estate and then our deal is complete and I would hope that you would grant me my freedom!\" He looked at her coolly and felt his blood run cold. He grimaced slightly  only ever so slightly that she caught in a blink of her eye  making it obvious that finally her words affected him. \"What? Do I retain the tone and voice of my husband and does that displease you?!\" she retorted, looking beyond hatred at that very moment, despite the tears in her gray eyes. \"Yes, I will admit it then  I did marry you for mere profit and gain. I thought you a pretty object for my arm and nothing more. So I have the feeling that now I may say everything of my past to you as our time no doubt is solely limited. Sit!\" She refused to and instead turned away from him in disgust. \"I said sit!\" he shouted at her. She was resilient and refused him, despite the fierce anger of his voice. \"Please!\" he said, finally. Quietly she looked back at him in surprise and crossed the room past him to sit on their bed, still she held steadfast to her dearest letters. It was all she had left. He paced for a few moments and spoke as he did. \"My father was the Lord High Treasurer for Queen Elizabeth I, she was as trusted to him as if he were her advisor as well. He was well bestowed in society and was never for want in money and prestige. That was until he met my mother and he nearly fell from grace in her eyes. The reason being my mother was  a whore.\" Viola's eyes grew big as she looked up at him suddenly, now it all made sense  Lisanne, his begrudging respect for her  that was why he held her in so much esteem. She had no idea. \"It pains me to say that of my mother, but it was true. She was very much in love with my father, and within a year she was with child.\" \"You?\" Viola whispered. He looked down at her, for a mere moment there was a soft look of affection in his eyes, but then he looked away. \"Yes. The queen disapproved of her at first when she learned of my mother's past, but when my father insisted to make good her name and reputation by marrying her  the queen reluctantly acquiesced. But, she told her that she would be required to appear as if invisible to society, to better herself  a kept woman. The queen nearly became my aunt, as I often played at the palace while my father served under her. Though I resented the 'old boot'  I find myself missing her now that she is no longer here. Soon after their marriage, word was received by my father's side of the family the true identity of my mother. They nearly disinherited us then and there, it was only through my father's tireless efforts that we had any shred of contact with them. My mother's family were non-existent, having long since forgotten her when she came to live amongst the poor and destitute.\" Viola's eyes softened when she listened to him, despite how she felt to the contrary as he continued to pace in obvious frustration. She actually tried to make room for him beside her, but he staunchly refused and kept pacing. \"When my father died, they did not honor his will. Instead, they took the family estate, all of his finances, and his title from my mother and nearly from me  the Lord in my name only retained as a sort of token of benevolence according to my true aunt. They cast her out, and with it me  that is why I from that point on I made it my goal to regain my name and my reputation by any means possible. The story I told of Virginia was indeed an utter fabrication to appease your father.\" He glanced over at her and glared hard at her face. \"Had I only listened to him instead of  my lesser judgment  I would have never made the mistake in my choice. He told me that you were as obedient as 'any mule in Christendom'. I suppose I was not the man to tame you, and I was a fool for trying.\" She shivered a bit at his words, she knew her father could be a cold and calculating bastard and had little doubt his words were true. She didn't dare look at Robert now but rather at the floor in defeat. \"We will return to England and I will gladly grant your freedom  if not before then.\" \"I do not wish to share my bed with you tonight, my 'Lord'  find another place to rest your head!\" she snarled and held herself tightly, trying to shut out the pain in her heart. \"Fine,\" he answered, without any emotion and gathered his clothing without another word from off the cabin floor. \"You have never felt anything for me?\" she said suddenly, almost as in a whisper. He looked up quietly and his eyes almost turned tender before a dark cloud came over him once again. \"I recall telling you I cared for you  admittedly very little. I was simply doing so to placate you into silence and because I wished to fornicate one last time as it helps me sleep.\" He sniffed in disdain as if she were merely an insect squashed by his words. It was then a shock when he heard her reply. \"Then I truly must be a fool, for I thought you loved me as I loved you  or thought that I did. You have little to fear, I feel it no longer. Goodnight.\" He stood there, with a stricken look on his face  she finally had admitted it, something he'd dared never dream would come from her lips and then it was ripped away. It broke his heart in two. She crawled under the sheets and leaned over to blow out the candle, leaving him in the dark. Turning he was heard grunting in frustration one last time as he left the room, slamming the door behind him. She laid for a long time afterwards, crying silently to herself  not over the letters, but the demise of her marriage.[Chapter 17] (The next morning): It was early when Lord Wessex awoke from his peaceful slumber next to his wife. Once again he became aware of the familiar roll of the sea from underneath him, a sensation he'd tried hard to forget. And yet, it was worth the sacrifice of comfort to feel Viola's naked and warm body curved into his own as if she were made for him while she slept beside him. He wrapped one of his arms around her and placed his fingers flat against her little tummy. Resting his cheek into the soft cradle of her shoulder, he breathed in the lovely aroma of her hair. Had last night perchance been nothing but a dream? Yet here they were together, a feeling of calm as he'd never felt before settled into his bones. It was peace  something he was unaccustomed to. Smiling, he kissed her cheek as she slept on and then playfully leapt over her side and landed on the floor. He felt as if he could have eaten two breakfasts that morning and work the labor of three men! Or perhaps another frolic between the sheets with the fair maiden still lost in the world of dreams would suffice. Despite the fantasies, he knew the reality of the situation that still faced them. They were returning home. It was something he'd never thought he'd see again  if it wasn't for her, he wouldn't be. For a moment, the aspect of seeing England again filled him with dread as he looked down at his wife's face. Now that he had at last shared her body and soul  would he still lose her heart to her dearest playwright? He began to pad barefoot back and forth on the wood planked floors nervously before turning and throwing open the shutters to the tiny cabin. The smell of salt sea air filled his nose immediately as he looked outside. The waves were so high they nearly came to his chest alongside the ship. He leaned out for a moment, lost in thought and listened to a gull cawing as it flew overhead. \"Robert?\" came a soft voice from his bed. He turned and realized the sunlight had awoken her. \"Go back to sleep, good wife. I did not mean to disturb you, I apologize,\" he whispered, tenderly. She smiled and held out her hand to beckon him closer. He came to her side immediately. \"It matters not, I am more than happy to rise to find you next to me and safe. I feel so wonderful this morning, like I was asleep and have just awoken  much thanks to you dear husband.\" He sat down on the edge of the bed and tried to muster a smile. Without a word more, she sat up and took him into her arms. He closed his eyes at her gentle gesture and then squeezed her a little tighter  not wanting to let her go, however brief this moment was. \"All that matters to me now is you,\" she whispered, more of a confession than simply a gesture of fondness. He almost wished he could believe that, as he smoothed her bare back and kissed her shoulder, softly. But, she could feel the strain in his muscles. \"Robert, what is it?\" she asked him, tenderly. \"Tell me you do not regret what we shared?\" \"I have a most remarkably brave and beautiful wife - last night was  something that - it was  \" His voice trailed off and she broke away to look at him, she touched his cheek when his dark eyes cast away from hers. She could see that there was something on his mind. He felt humiliated in his feeble attempt to voice his feelings to her and unbraided himself for it. \"Was what?\" she asked, tenderly  she hoped he'd say more. He seemed hesitant, if he betrayed himself to her  would she laugh at him and spurn his emotions? But as he tried to move away as well physically she would not be so easily deterred, as he sat up, she reached up for him and held him still. \"Please after all we had together last evening, please do not tell me it was all for naught!\" she begged. \"And I am not remarkable, I did what any woman who stands beside the man she\" He shut his eyes tightly, not having the courage to hear the words she would utter with cold feeling as if by duty. \"Perhaps I did take advantage of your moment of weakness, to prey upon your need for someone  anyone  you confused me with someone else I fear,\" he answered, his tone flat as he tried once more to get up. \"Why do you hold yourself accountable so  I do not. And what you say is not true. I made a choice last night as much as you, you know that.\" \"You seek poetry and romance, and take it into your heart - I just take  and in this instance the one I took was you. And for that I am sorry.\" \"Robert  where are these words coming from?\" she demanded, feeling her blood run cold. He refused to look at her now. Instantly she sat full up in bed, throwing aside the sheet that covered her nudity. She took his hand and held it over her breast so that he could feel it in his palm. \"Do you feel my heart beating?  It beats for\" But, he quickly glanced away again and there was anger in his face. She gritted her teeth and then reached over to take his face between her hands. What she saw surprised her, there were tears in his eyes. She stroked his cheek in concern. Yet, when she looked deep into his face, she found herself hesitating the words that Lisanne had told her that she felt only the other day. She had to tell him. \"Robert, I\" He could see she couldn't she simply couldn't bring herself to admit it, the words he longed for her to say  like some kind of far-reaching fantasy. It broke his heart to realize it would never happen. Before he had a chance to suffer under some sort of sense of delusion, he cut her off again. \"Do not wax poetic to me, dear woman about the state of your heart and longing in your loin. We have more pressing matters to consider  that of our return to England.\" He tried to crawl away from her and sink down into the bed out of her reach, but she understood his out maneuvering all too well now. She was starting to learn his little tricks. \"That's what this is all about\" she said, breathing a sigh of frustration. \"It should take approximately a month, in that time we will have\" \"You think that once I have returned to England with you I will go to him, don't you?\" He seemed afraid to answer her as he shifted in the bed and tried to concentrate on other things. \"I think it is time to tell you everything of my past if we are to continue as it's rather of importance that we get our stories straight when we arrive.\" \"We have later for that  I think we need to discuss this matter first.\" But again he ignored her, simply turning away from her slightly but she wasn't so easily dissauded. \"No. I will however need to mention that I do not take lightly the matter of your father's profession when we are to meet with my side of the family,\" he continued to prattle on, closing his eyes and literally shutting her out. \"Tell me how you feel, I want to hear it!\" she insisted and tried to get him to turn around. \"Leave me alone, good woman,\" he growled under his breath. \"Tell me!\" she said, a little more firmly and pulled him at last around to face her. Finally, he could take no more. \"Enough!\" he screamed in her face, so loud that she cowered back from him a little in fear. \"Do you have no self control at all? One night of passion does not equate love!\" At last he had said the word he had been most avoiding during this whole conversation. \"It does after what we have been through the last few months, all we ever do is fight and then to have you speak to me the way you did last night  I felt so close to you. But, I'm not giving up so easy, push me away if you want  I know how I feel about you and I know you feel it too, you can't convince me you don't.\" He trembled a bit at her words as he rolled over eventually in defeat and took her gently in his arms. Though he snorted a bit contemptuously, albeit quietly in her ear. \"You really are infuriatingly stubborn,\" he whispered and held her a little tighter. \"Would you therefore be content if I admitted to you at least that I care for you?\" She smiled and gave a silent cheer. \"I will take that as a wonderful concession  and I care for you as well  very deeply.\" He grinned at her response, as she curled her face into the warmth of his shoulder. She was surprised to feel him rocking her a bit. \"You have a crook in your smallest finger,\" he said, suddenly out of the blue. She broke away and looked up into his lovely hazel eyes. \"What?\" He held up a finger to his forehead. \"And a little mole right here that's barely noticeable above your left eye, and you breathe through your mouth when you sleep, and I believe you drool as well.\" Her brow furrowed a bit in anger and he just grinned as he found it touching. \"And yet you are perfection  as radiant as the moon shining on the water at night and the sun warming your skin in the daytime,\" he whispered from nowhere that she felt her heart stop. She nearly cried as she leaned up to kiss him and hold him tenderly in her arms. Then she began to recite things of him. \"You have moles as well along your temples,\" she said, touching him there. \"And above your lip, barely disguised by your beard.\" She kissed him where she had found it. \"But yet, I find myself looking at you and having to pause, overcome by the remarkable strength and beauty of your face.\" \"Beauty?\" he scoffed, looking slightly taken aback by the effeminate comparison. She grinned and took his chin to level his eyes to hers. \"Beauty,\" she confirmed. \"You are my handsome knight, standing beside me though I dare not understand why, watching over me and caring for me. The rough winds do not temper your remarkable face, your steady gaze, your confident gait as you walk. The soft, deep roll of your voice calms me. Though your temper flares, I feel the passion in you that is unmistakable\" By this time her words had enthralled him so that he had slid her over underneath him, she smiled as he divided her legs and laid between them. Before she could say another word, she felt him smoothly enter her and fill her up deeply inside as he brought her up into his arms. The rest of the morning they spent enjoying the pleasure of one another and wishing the world outside away, just one more day. (For the next week and a half the masquerade of Thomas Kent aboard the ship continued while the nurse kept a low profile, almost entirely out of view from the others on board): The only time Viola let her guard truly down was when she was with her husband in her cabin. There they continued their evening and even afternoon love making sessions  it was amazing how well they had been getting on of late, almost as if making up for lost time or as he saw it  stolen time, as he knew the future was still uncertain for the both of them. Viola was just grateful that though it would have still have been a blessing, she didn't end up carrying his child by the third week of the voyage as their sex they shared had been fevered and wonderous. More than once Lisanne pressed her for details and soon she was opening up, eager to find a friend her age who would understand what made a man tick. Soon they became quite close, even sharing a history with William Shakespeare. It became readily apparent that Lisanne knew him in the biblical sense. It inflamed Viola's jealousy, something she hadn't felt in some time when discussing her former love, she knew that deep down inside, she still often thought of him and wondered what had become of him. So it was little wonder then as she was napping beside her husband one afternoon that she had a rather peculiar dream of her past. Not yet married  she saw herself on stage, dressed as Thomas Kent at the Globe theatre. She was rehearsing her lines alone in preparation for the show later in the day when the doors to the theatre opened. Will had yet to arrive for the day, she could barely contain her excitement at the thought of seeing him again after their tryst from the night before. Glancing up, she saw a rather familiar person storm inside and immediately rush her near the steps leading up to the stage itself  it was Lord Wessex. Startled and feeling incredibly exposed, she shrank back as he pulled out a sword and glared up at her in anger. He was a despicable man, loathsome with absolutely no redeeming qualities other than the fact he was rather handsome despite the scowl constantly upon his face. But, now she felt quite scared of him as he growled \"Where is he?! Where is that penny-pinching, two-timing rogue poet?!\" Viola tried to keep her nerve as she deepened her voice. \"I know not of who you speak, sir!\" \"My Lord!\" he corrected, narrowing his dark eyes. \"Be mindful of who you speak to, knave. I will ask only one more time  where is he? Where is William Shakespeare?!\" \"He is not here, I do not know when he will return,\" Viola replied, though she could feel the hair stand up on the back of her neck as he began to pace a little in front of her in the dust. He was like a bull ready to charge but with no target. He finally put away his sword in disappointment. He looked down at the ground. \"Very well, I believe you  I will be backI\" Suddenly, he stopped for a moment and glanced back up into her face and looked deep within her eyes. Now she tried to steady her breath as she stared back, unsure what had come over him. Without comment, he came around to the side of the stage and began to climb up the stairs towards her. Now Viola felt that her very life was in danger, she wasn't sure what he had in mind as she stumbled backwards a bit, trying to put space between them. He just stood there  at least three feet away from her and stared at her, his gaze unwaivering and she shook for a moment, feeling a blush uncommonly rise to her cheeks as he seemed to be sizing her up. Gradually he began to step closer. Viola stepped back, almost tripping but then decided to be defiant and see his challenge. He noticed it and smiled at her, in a rather beguiling way. A definite blush was rising ever more upon her cheekbone. He held up his hand as she almost tried to move again. \"I will not harm you!\" he whispered. Finally, he bridged the distance between them and came to stand before her. Reaching up, he pulled her wig from off her head, she gasped in surprise and futively tried to struggle for it but he threw it to the floor. Then, quietly he peeled off her fake beard to reveal her true identity to him. One that she immediately realized he knew. He raised his hand and softly cupped her cheek. He could feel her trembling under his touch and now she could hear his breathing become a little more laboured as his hand coasted along her jawline and reached around to grasp the back of her neck, burying his fingers into her silky golden hair. She released the script of paper she held in her hands to the floor with a flutter of paper everywhere. Bringing her forward, he captured her lips with his. Instinctively thinking it would be another harsh kiss as their first, she put her palms flat against his chest in order to push him away, but as his touch turned surprisingly tender and his tongue nudged her lips to part, she found her hands instead inexplicably having a mind of their own as she was grabbing at the lapel of his satin tunic to pull him closer. This couldn't be happeningbut it was. The more he kissed her as he brought her warm body into his arms to cradle her against him  the more she didn't want him to stop. She raised her hand to bury her own fingers in his ebony curls, they were so incredibly delicate to the touch and she moaned in obvious enjoyment as his breath muffled itself into her cheek as they were lost in the moment. Suddenly there was a sound of a carriage going by outside the theatre that roused them from their intimacy. He broke away as quickly as he had drawn her in and let her go. Dropping his hands, he gave her one last longing look and with a grunt of anger, he turned and ran down the stairs and across the room to the door. Throwing it open, he stepped into the daylight and vanished. Viola was left standing there, confused and breathless, wondering what had just happened and recalling it instantly again and again as she could still feel his touch and his lips on hers, the sound of his breathing in her ears and the heat of his body  how real and solid he felt. My God, what was she doing?! She was in love with Will  not this  this man! This horrible  Looking up, she realized something  had he always felt for this way and only now shown it? Yes, they were engaged through an arranged marriage  but And this kiss, so much different  he let her respond this time  it was almost as if  he was testing her own desire for him She felt so unsure of the feelings rushing through her and her mind shouting \"No! No!\" Looking down at her discarded disguise on the stage, she picked it up, glanced only momentarily at the script that had fallen out of her hand during her kiss and decided to return home instead. She hoped the theatre company would not notice her absence, particularly Will. Her nurse grew concerned for her the moment she came rushing into the house with barely a word spoken to her. She tried to follow her, to ask what was wrong but her mistress refused to answer. She did not come down for dinner that evening with her parents and now her mother asked the nurse to check on her. Food was sent up to her rooms, but instead it was barely touched as she came into her bedroom to see her staring off into the distance out of her window as she sat upon the seatee. \"Child, what is it? What is the matter?\" Finally, Viola looked up, her eyes full of tears. \"I do not know.\" Nurse Cordelia held out her arms to the girl and she got up to run over to hug her close to her bosom. Breaking away, she asked of her. \"Tell me nurse, where is the family home of the Wessex?\" \"Why do you ask such a thing? It is late! You must stop worrying over trivial things\" \"Please, you must to tell me. I need to see him!\" \"Who, child?\" \"Lord Robert Wessex. Tomorrow. I have to see him tomorrow.\" Cordelia shook her head. \"His home is in Somerset, I will show you, but tonight  you need your rest!\" Viola relented and eventually crawled into bed, but try as she might she couldn't sleep. She laid there until the wee hours of the morning, turning things over and over in her head. It was early the next morning when she dressed in her finery of green silks and her flourished hat when set out for Somerset to find him. She didn't know what she'd say when she saw him, but now he was all she could think of. The estate was huge, almost like a castle alone amongst the trees and laneway. It was breathtaking. As she approached it by horse, she began to think she'd made a grave mistake. What if he refused to see her? But, she was his fiancee, he'd have to see her. Perhaps they would live here one day Why was she thinking of this. Closing her eyes for a moment, she tried to think of Will but all that flashed to her mind was him  Lord Wessex. Gulping, she chuckled the horse lightly with her heel and urged him forward up the front lane to the front door. A stable man who had been watching her approach greeted her to help her from her mount. She thanked him as he set her down. \"Please, tell me  where is Lord Robert?\" \"You must be Lady Viola de Lesseps, is that correct?\" he asked in a gentlemanly manner. \"Yes, that is right. Do you know where he is?\" \"He is in the garden behind the house, ma'am. He's taking his afternoon walk.\" \"Thank you.\" She took her gloves in her hand and stood for a moment to gaze up at the house again looming over her. It really was amazing. Coming around the side and letting herself in the gate, she glanced at the expansive gardens just beyond the marble patio  they seemed to go on for acres. To one side she noticed what looked like a green maze and it was then she spotted him coming around one corner and disappearing again as he was walking by himself, lost in thought. Gathering up her skirts, she ran down the steps and headed for the maze. What was she thinking coming here? What would she do? And, would he do? Would she look like a fool on a fool's errand? It took several moments of walking through the maze and she was much sure by that time she was lost as she searched for him. No longer could she hear the crunch of his footsteps as they vanished into the distance. She didn't dare call for him as she thought it not proper and yet she had no idea where she was much less him. As she came around one corner suddenly someone grabbed her from behind. Screaming, she turned to find herself in Robert's arms as he pinned her up against one of the hedges. \"Why?!\" he asked in a peculiar manner. \"Why are you here?!\" Then the answer came to her, one that she'd known for years and suddenly  they were in the here and now, married for two years, having since left by ship for the new world, having gone through many trials and tribulations together, struggles, heartbreak and dependence on one another  and through it all  something she never knew until now \"I love you!\" she cried, tears streaming from her eyes. The look of surprise and then relief on his face was met by the most incredible thing  a large, honest smile as he suddenly scooped her up in his arms and held her. Held her like he never wanted to let her go. \"I love you!\" she whispered into his ear again as she sank into his arms in  happiness. Suddenly, she awoke from the dream  and seemed disappointed to realize she was back to reality, aboard the cargo vessel borne for England. But, to her obvious relief, she found the most beautiful thing nestled next to her pillow  that of her husband's face, fast asleep. Smiling, she reached over and stroked his cheek and then leaned in to kiss his brow. He grumbled a little bit and then went back to sleep. (Though he can sleep, she cannot and so instead she decides to visit the nurse to have a heart to heart about what's on her mind. She quickly dresses again in her men's attire and leaves her cabin): What surprises her when she arrives at the nurse's cabin is hearing another voice inside. She knocks and it's Lisanne who answers. \"Ah, there you are  I was beginning to think we'd never see you again? Not with your husband this time, Master Kent?\" she joked as she let her inside. \"I was just talking to Cordelia about the men of this ship. Really it's remarkable about how few manners they have. Unlike your gent.\" Her nurse smiled as she listened to her new friend, but grew dour when she saw her mistress' face. \"My dear, what is it  you have such a look of distress  something troubling you?\" she asked. She was always like a mother to her. Lisanne put her arm around her waist also in concern. \"Here, come  sit down and tell us what is wrong.\" \"I dreamt I was with Robert,\" she began as she sat down between them on the edge of the bed. Lisanne began to laugh. \"I must tell you, Viola  that wasn't a dream.\" \"Not like that!\" chided Viola, grimacing a bit. \"It was so strange. I was back in England, I was up on stage practising one of Will's plays when he walked in.\" \"Lord Wessex?\" Cordelia asked her, putting her hand on her lap. \"Yes. He was so angry. He kept ranting how he was looking for Will as he drew his sword. When I said I did not know, he was about to leave when he glared up at me. Next thing I knew he'd joined me on the stage and immediately ripped my guise from my face. Before I knew what was happening, he brought me up against him and we were kissing.\" \"Mmmnow that is the kind of dream I like having!\" Lisanne replied, grinning from ear to ear. Both Cordelia and Viola gave her a dirty look. \"What?!\" \"As I was saying  we were kissing. Then, he left without so much as another word as a sound outside interrupted us. I stood there stunned and all I could think of was Robert. I remember returning to the house. You tried to speak to me, good nurse, but I barely heard you  I asked where Robert lived at his family's estate and you told me Somerset. I went there and followed him into this garden maze. He suddenly caught me as I came around a corner and then I was in the present, married to him, and with our history and\" Lisanne leaned forward. \"And?\" \"I told him that I loved him!\" Viola said, covering her face and crying. The grin on her face grew as she looked over at her friend. Cordelia gasped. Lisanne reached up and took Viola's hand away. \"My sweetness, why are you crying  that is a good thing. There is absolutely nothing wrong with admitting the truth to yourself, now you just have to admit to him. I think he feels the same and is just waiting to know you do too.\" Cordelia patted Lisanne's arm. \"I agree, my child. I have seen a change in him, and I think that is your doing. I think it is time to tell him.\" Viola sighed and started to laugh lightly. \"You are both right. I don't know why I haven't of yet. I will tell him  today. I promise.\" \"Good girl!\" Lisanne said and leaned in to kiss her cheek. \"Now what say we get us a bite to eat from the galley? I believe I have worked up quite the appetite!\" \"I think I will bring you a plate, child. You have been through a lot, please stay here  I will accompany Lisanne and get you some sustenance.\" She kissed her mistress' cheek as well and followed the younger woman out of the room as Viola thanked them before she left. She sat there by herself for a few moments, feeling more happy than ever to know that very soon she'd be telling Robert her feelings for the first time. It was exciting and scary at the same time. As she mulled over things for a few moments, she glanced down at her nurse's chest in one corner of the room. She knew that due to lack of space in her own belongings, the nurse had offered to store some of hers with her own. Bending down in front of it, she fiddled with the latch a bit and sprung it open. Peering inside, she found many treasures, including her broaches, and hats and several knickknacks. That's when she spotted it  a small satchel of what looked like handwritten letters. Picking them up, she immediately recognized the style of script  it could be no other, as she was well familiar with it  William's. She covered her mouth in horror. As she quickly undid the string holding them together they fell out on the floor. She leaned over and ran her fingers across them  all of them addressed to her, never opened! \"Oh dear Lord! No!\" she cried as she started to gather them up in her arms like a mother seeing a child she'd been separated from for years. It broke her heart. How could her nurse do this to her? Why?! Such betrayal. Hot and angry tears came to her eyes, so much that she could barely see. It wasn't but a few moments later as she waited for her return that she looked upon her bitterly when the nurse stepped into the room. \"I brought you stew, my dear and some breadI.\" That's when she stopped dead in her tracks to notice her chest in the corner wide open and Viola clutching very recognizable letters to her breast. \"I do not understand?! Why did you hide these from me?! How could you hurt me in this way?! Tell me!\" she screamed. \"How many letters did he send to me all those years ago  words I never heard, you just let me suffer in silence with a man who did not love me! How?!\" Cordelia was beside herself. \"You don't understand! I did not have a choice!\" \"What do you mean  you did not have a choice?!\" Viola demanded, the tone of her voice dropping as she realized quickly what she was hinting at. \"He told me to hide them from you!\" \"Who?!\" she yelled. She was certain that as her heart dropped, she already knew. \"Lord Wessex, your husband!\" Tears streamed from her eyes even more. Here she felt to her heart would have been less painful. Jumping to her feet, she ran from the room before her nurse could stop her. \"My lady!\" Cordelia screamed but it was to little avail. The horror on her face as she watched her vanish down the hall. It was only moments before she returned to her cabin to see Robert still fast asleep and not a care in the world, but oh that was about to change if she had anything to do with it. Coming over to the side of the bed. She shouted at the top of her lungs. \"Get up! Rise, sir! Rouse yourself!\" He blinked hard to the late afternoon light and turned around to see Viola dressed as a young man, her face red with anger and in her arms what looked like letters  ones he immediately recognized. \"What possible thing have I done to you that causes you to hate me so  that you would be resorted to do this? Tell me!\" she demanded as she showed in her hands the bundle of her coveted treasure that she dared not let go of. He scoffed at her, totally unruffled by her charge. \"You ask me that? You have the nerve to ask me that?! As though your reputation were saintly pure as the lily-white snow?! Tell me that you do not recall something so fresh in the mind that it felt as if it happened yesterday?! How you made a farce of our engagement and then our marriage by dallying to the entire world and even on stage with that  that  vile and reprehensible playwright William Shakespeare! You really are the simple child I always thought you were  I should have married a woman!\" \"But that happened in the past, this is the present!\" \"So it matters not your behaviour in the past? Is that what you are saying  that you feel absolutely no remorse?!\" he raged as he sat up in the bed at last, and reaching for a nearby robe to throw around himself as he stood before her. \"Remorse? Possibly you can correct me if I'm wrong, but I did overhear from someone at my father's ball when Will first appeared that you said he was 'coveting my property'  that is all I am to you, that is all I ever was  and you expect me to honor and hold dear a man who thinks of me so little? Yes, perhaps I am a child, but I do not wish to be a woman in your presence, sir  and when we return to England  I will help you obtain whatever you need to as far as your estate and then our deal is complete and I would hope that you would grant me my freedom!\" He looked at her coolly and felt his blood run cold. He grimaced slightly  only ever so slightly that she caught in a blink of her eye  making it obvious that finally her words affected him. \"What? Do I retain the tone and voice of my husband and does that displease you?!\" she retorted, looking beyond hatred at that very moment, despite the tears in her gray eyes. \"Yes, I will admit it then  I did marry you for mere profit and gain. I thought you a pretty object for my arm and nothing more. So I have the feeling that now I may say everything of my past to you as our time no doubt is solely limited. Sit!\" She refused to and instead turned away from him in disgust. \"I said sit!\" he shouted at her. She was resilient and refused him, despite the fierce anger of his voice. \"Please!\" he said, finally. Quietly she looked back at him in surprise and crossed the room past him to sit on their bed, still she held steadfast to her dearest letters. It was all she had left. He paced for a few moments and spoke as he did. \"My father was the Lord High Treasurer for Queen Elizabeth I, she was as trusted to him as if he were her advisor as well. He was well bestowed in society and was never for want in money and prestige. That was until he met my mother and he nearly fell from grace in her eyes. The reason being my mother was  a whore.\" Viola's eyes grew big as she looked up at him suddenly, now it all made sense  Lisanne, his begrudging respect for her  that was why he held her in so much esteem. She had no idea. \"It pains me to say that of my mother, but it was true. She was very much in love with my father, and within a year she was with child.\" \"You?\" Viola whispered. He looked down at her, for a mere moment there was a soft look of affection in his eyes, but then he looked away. \"Yes. The queen disapproved of her at first when she learned of my mother's past, but when my father insisted to make good her name and reputation by marrying her  the queen reluctantly acquiesced. But, she told her that she would be required to appear as if invisible to society, to better herself  a kept woman. The queen nearly became my aunt, as I often played at the palace while my father served under her. Though I resented the 'old boot'  I find myself missing her now that she is no longer here. Soon after their marriage, word was received by my father's side of the family the true identity of my mother. They nearly disinherited us then and there, it was only through my father's tireless efforts that we had any shred of contact with them. My mother's family were non-existent, having long since forgotten her when she came to live amongst the poor and destitute.\" Viola's eyes softened when she listened to him, despite how she felt to the contrary as he continued to pace in obvious frustration. She actually tried to make room for him beside her, but he staunchly refused and kept pacing.[Chapter 18] \"When my father died, they did not honor his will. Instead, they took the family estate, all of his finances, and his title from my mother and nearly from me  the Lord in my name only retained as a sort of token of benevolence according to my true aunt. They cast her out, and with it me  that is why I from that point on I made it my goal to regain my name and my reputation by any means possible. The story I told of Virginia was indeed an utter fabrication to appease your father.\" He glanced over at her and glared hard at her face. \"Had I only listened to him instead of  my lesser judgment  I would have never made the mistake in my choice. He told me that you were as obedient as 'any mule in Christendom'. I suppose I was not the man to tame you, and I was a fool for trying.\" She shivered a bit at his words, she knew her father could be a cold and calculating bastard and had little doubt his words were true. She didn't dare look at Robert now but rather at the floor in defeat. \"We will return to England and I will gladly grant your freedom  if not before then.\" \"I do not wish to share my bed with you tonight, my 'Lord'  find another place to rest your head!\" she snarled and held herself tightly, trying to shut out the pain in her heart. \"Fine,\" he answered, without any emotion and gathered his clothing without another word from off the cabin floor. \"You have never felt anything for me?\" she said suddenly, almost as in a whisper. He looked up quietly and his eyes almost turned tender before a dark cloud came over him once again. \"I recall telling you I cared for you  admittedly very little. I was simply doing so to placate you into silence and because I wished to fornicate one last time as it helps me sleep.\" He sniffed in disdain as if she were merely an insect squashed by his words. It was then a shock when he heard her reply. \"Then I truly must be a fool, for I thought you loved me as I loved you  or thought that I did. You have little to fear, I feel it no longer. Goodnight.\" He stood there, with a stricken look on his face  she finally had admitted it, something he'd dared never dream would come from her lips and then it was ripped away. It broke his heart in two. She crawled under the sheets and leaned over to blow out the candle, leaving him in the dark. Turning he was heard grunting in frustration one last time as he left the room, slamming the door behind him. She laid for a long time afterwards, crying silently to herself  not over the letters, but the demise of her marriage. \"Would you care to dance?\" Burbage asked Viola, offering his hand. \"It would be my pleasure,\" she gushed and he led her away. She watched Robert as he noticed his bride once again being steered away by another man and the jealousy was clearly evident on his face. Now Burbage posed as a new threat. But, Viola just ignored him and danced several reels with the tall man who softly held her and moved easily across the floor together. When the dancing had finished, she looked about the room for her husband, seeing him sitting off to the side  not taking part in anything as he was wont to do  and settled in beside him. He glanced over at her, not sure how to react to her presence, but she just smiled at him softly. Without a word or comment, she just nestled in next to him and laid her head in exhaustion on his shoulder. It was as if the weight of all their recent voyages and the dancing had finally taken their toll on her. What she did next surprised even him, gently lifting his hand up with both of hers which were so petite in comparison, to her pearl-coloured lips and kissed it belovedly. Then she rested her head back and closed her eyes, slipping her through his as she slept. What the couple failed to notice was that they were being observed from behind a nearby curtain shadowing a door by which William Shakespeare stood. He looked on in obvious astonishment as he saw Wessex smile and then tenderly kiss the crown of his wife's golden hair and close his eyes as they rested together in complete and utter  unity. It dawned on him that space and time had done the most amazing thing  it had caused the vehemence the married couple had originally felt for one another and turned it into  love. She was in love with him, but even more surprising  he was in love with her. Will looked a bit disappointed, but what had he expected of this chance meeting again really? For her to give up the life she now had for the one she knew. He had dared to hope that the anger still remained in her for Lord Wessex, but now he could truly see it had been in vain. Later that evening, as time passed, Will finally had a moment of respite from festivities to speak with Viola alone. She kissed his cheek warmly and closed his eyes to savor the fleeting favour. \"You are looking well,\" she whispered, as she drew away. \"And as are you. I can tell by the warm glow upon your cheek that the sunshine seems to relish it's rays onto you.\" William stepped a little closer and despite herself, she could feel the familiar sensation of her pulse quickening. There was definite interest for her still in his eye and as he smiled warmly at her, she felt the tentative touch of his fingers along the arm of her ivory gown that was exposing skin up to her elbow. It sent an immediate shockwave to her brain and fleetingly she knew that she didn't want this any longer. It was a definitive feeling - one she couldn't deny. It was over for them. She knew that now. As he got just a little too close for comfort, she suddenly commented... \"I hear your wife is with child?\" Will's mood turned somber immediately and he knew then that she was putting an end to it. \"Yes, it was quite the surprise, but I find myself quite overjoyed at the news.\" Viola couldn't help but smile now. \"I am most glad to hear it. I should expect the child will take up the art of the stage or you should teach him or her to.\" Will laughed good-naturedly at her pleasant humor. As she spoke a little longer to Will, her eyes wandered over to Lord Wessex who had come into her line of vision. He looked disappointed yet tried to hide his emotions as he looked away. But soon their eyes reached out to one another and she felt her breath stop. There was no doubt in Viola's mind at that point that her heart was now solely her husband's. Will followed her gaze which was constantly being drawn away from his as they continued to talk, to the point that he finally asked her. \"You love him now, do you not?\" She looked back at him and lowered her eyes to her feet. \"Yes, I am so sorry, Will - I never planned on it happening as it did, but...\" \"Does he love you?\" \"I - I am not certain of it, but I hope he does. He at times seems to show that he does, yet he's never voiced such sentiment.\" \"You do not have to explain, it is to be expected when you are married and have only one another in the lean times as well as the fair. Your heart is not your captive, you must not apologize to me.\" She smiled at him, he was always good to her. \"I am happy for what we have shared in the past, I do not regret any of it. I know that I had wished things could have turned out differently but I am glad the way it did end,\" he continued to say. \"You inspired me, you made me become more than I had ever imagined, not only when I was with you but when I was up on stage. I will never forget what you have meant to me, not now and not then.\" He opened his arms to her and she sank into his embrace immediately, softly turning her face up to his, he tenderly kissed her goodbye. \"Have a good life, Viola, that's all I have ever wished for you - for you to be truly happy.\" What they didn't realize was Robert had witnessed everything and began to run straight for the couple in rage, before he withdrew and exited out a side door, roughly pushing his way past a couple of gala goers, which raised the attention of Viola and Will. Viola was about to run after him, when Will put up his hand. \"I will go, you stay here.\" Robert was pacing a fountain in the courtyard when he heard someone approach him from behind. Turning, he saw it was Shakespeare and immediately tried to reach for a sword from his belt, which he recalled he did not have on him on this occasion. Instead, he tried to go charging at him with his fists, before Will threw up his hands in defense. \"Lord Wessex, please - I did not come here to quarrel with you! Listen to what I have to say and I promise I will go.\" Robert was fuming, but as he took a deep breath and with Will still standing there, practically trying to shield himself from his obvious assault. He continued to pace like an angry bull which continued to put him on edge. \"I was saying goodbye. I must admit I came tonight in hopes of seeing her again and to see if the love she had for me was still there, but as soon as I noticed her eyes were unable to stay with mine and she constantly glanced over at you the entire evening, I know it was no longer the case.\" \"And why should I take your word as truth?!\" Wessex screamed at him, waving his arms. \"You have never given me a reason to in the past.\" \"I promise you, as my soul is my witness - I know she is no longer mine and I will no longer pursue her as I once did. I apologize for the past where I wronged you as she was bethrothed to you. But, that is just that - the past. I saw her resting her head on your shoulder and you kissing her hair fondly and the bond you now share. No one can be allowed to break that any longer.\" Robert turned quiet and sat down by the edge of the fountain in defeat. \"You love her?\" Shakespeare whispered to him as he came to stand by his side. He lowered his head and rested his face in his hands. \"Unfortunately yes.\" \"You have no yet told her?\" \"Stop with the eternal questions!\" Robert barked, but gazing up at Will he saw his sympathetic expression and relented. \"No.\" \"Then, far be it from me to say this - but perhaps tonight is the time and place to tell her how you feel. I think she would no longer be fearful and restless in your company if you can erase the doubts she has in her mind over your relationship to her.\" \"Perhaps,\" Robert finally consented and looked up at him, his heart suddenly softened. \"Thank you.\" Will returned the smile and nodded then started to return to the gala. \"One thing before you go, I have something I'd like to say...\" Robert said loudly from across the courtyard. Will turned back to his words and listened. \"Your work - though I did not recognize it at the time - is truly remarkable. I read a great deal of it during our voyage to the new world. I can not convey what it did for me, but I think you in part changed my outlook on life and opened up a new one for me. I thank you for that.\" Shakespeare clearly blushed. \"I am grateful for your kind words, my Lord.\" Robert nodded, as Will turned he suddenly stopped dead in his tracks. \"You told me that you would tell Viola your feelings tonight, Lord Wessex, is that right?\" he asked, not turning. \"Yes, perhaps as I recall I told you.\" Finally Will turned to him and smiled. \"I think I may be able to help you, if you are willing...\" Robert gave him a confused look. \"I am staging one of my plays for the king tonight - it is called Twelfth Night. My main heroine is named Viola, I wrote it shortly after she left on her voyage with you. What would you think if you were to approach her to take part in the play as her title character and the play's love interest Duke Orsino was later replaced in the final act by you, coming on stage to tell Viola of your feelings for her. The words would be your own, then she would have no doubts.\" The light in Shakespeare's eye could barely contain his creative energy, he was beaming. Robert pondered it for a moment and then came up to Will, patting him on the shoulder as he passed him to go inside. \"You are indeed a vexing and meddlesome man!\" WIll laughed lightly and followed him inside. (After the play is discussed with Viola, she agrees wholeheartedly to play the part of Viola on stage at once. The nurse is also convinced to take on the role of Maria, a lady in waiting of Countess Olivia. Richard Burbage, a veteran of the stage takes on the role of Duke Orsino): 'The leading character, Viola, is shipwrecked on the shores of Illyria during the opening scenes. She loses contact with her twin brother, Sebastian, whom she believes to be dead. Masquerading as a young page under the name Cesario, she enters the service of Duke Orsino through the help of the sea captain who rescues her. Orsino has convinced himself that he is in love with the bereaved Lady Olivia, whose father and brother have recently died, and who will have nothing to do with any suitors, the Duke included. Orsino decides to use \"Cesario\" as an intermediary to tell Olivia about his love for her. Olivia, believing Viola to be a man, falls in love with this handsome and eloquent messenger. Viola, in turn, has fallen in love with the Duke, who also believes Viola is a man, and who regards her as his confidant.' Over the course of the play, people in the audience sit transfixed by the performances on stage. Towards the very end, the twins finally meet once again after having been separated and to the amazed eyes of Duke Orsino and Olivia, finally revealing the masquerade. Burbage gives his lines on stage, watching a cue from off-stage for his replacement. 'Give me thy hand; And let me see thee in thy woman's weeds.' Viola turns to do so and suddenly is met not by Burbage on stage - but of Robert, who looks at her with love in her eyes. \"I...I...\" she begins to say, totally forgetting her lines and wondering what was going on. The audience are also confused wondering why there had been a sudden switch in actors portraying the role. Robert takes her hand gently in his and before her bends down on one knee and finally confesses to her his feelings that he'd been keeping bottled up until this point. \"I never believed it was possible to sacrifice so much of oneself to someone and yet gain so much in return. I thought at first you did it out of gain for yourself, all your motives and then later I saw that was not the case. I was a shallow individual, never caring for anyone other than myself and perhaps my dear mother, I had no room for any other woman - that was until I first saw you and that delusion quickly vanished. My heart stood still, but has beaten stronger every day since. At first it was possession I felt, like a right I had, but then it became jealousy. Now it is replaced with pride and respect for a strong, loving woman who has stood beside me every day. Each day I learn something new of you and want to keep learning, if you allow me. Above all us, I am blessed to share my life with you. What I am trying to say - though not poetically -\" She held her breath as her eyes flooded with tears looking down at him, he gently kissed her hands that were folded around his tenderly. \"Is that I love you, good wife - my wonderous Viola.\" She fell down on the stage into his arms and he held her tightly. He holds her in disbelief and saying she doesn't want to say goodbye to him \"I thought it was the one thing I wished for most fervently when we first met, but now I know I couldn't bear to live my life without you, it would be like I was tearing my soul in two. I love you as no other\". They hold onto each other tightly and he asks her. \"Would you do me the honor of accepting my hand in marriage once again? Only this time - properly?\" She nods and they break into a kiss in front of everyone as the crowd rises to their feet applauding loudly, thinking it is part of the play. Will looks on with a melancholy look on his face and then smiles, rather fragilely and adds \"I may have to change the end of my play.\" Burbage looks over as he stands next to him and puts his arm around him. \"There will be other plays, many my friend - you did an amazing thing. You're a good man!\" \"Thank you, my friend.\" As Will goes on stage to accept the cheers for the wonderful playwright, Burbage turns to see a woman who was strangely familiar to him standing just in the wings. \"Oh hello there. Aren't you that lovely little tart of Will's?\" She gives him a dirty look. \"Ah yes, and aren't you that rogue, two-bit theatre owner Burbage?\" \"You've heard of me? Kind things I hope?\" \"No,\" she answers truthfully. \"Good!\" He says with a gleam in his eye. He puts out his hand. \"Happy to make your acquaintance.\" \"Charmed I'm sure,\" she laugh. \"You don't remember me, do you?\" \"Oh that's right  you cost me ten shillings one night. I dare say it was worth more than that!\" She grins at him, soon they take up with one another. \"You wouldn't  ahem  like a return engagement in my rooms upstairs, per chance?\" he asks her. \"For the price of admission.\" \"You always do have an entrance fee, do you not?\" She just laughs and takes his arm. \"Perhaps I will give you an advance showing  just this once.\" He smiled. \"It is to be a good day today, I think.\" They go off together. (A few months pass): Robert and Viola have a sumptuous ceremony over the Christmas time, in the beauty of the snow, bells on the carriage and Viola and he dressed in white and re-affirm their vows, it's at this point that Viola realizes she is with child. She finally joins her husband in the carriage without escaping as the nurse hugs him playfully again and Robert hugs her back laughing. Viola rests back in his arms and they ride off together. The Wessex' name is once again reinstated by the family and his mother is allowed to share the family fortune thanks namely to her son and his new bride. Viola later bears him three children  two boys and a girl. Wessex takes some of his dowry from his marriage to Viola and builds her a playhouse, so not only she can perform but to teach their children to as well. THE END ","Summary":" The Lord of The Manner By Presca May 2, 1607 On route to Jamestown, Virginia aboard the Godspeed As"},{"Movie":"Galaxy Quest","Title":"The Journey Continues","Author":"TFALokiwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11751491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Today had started normal, save for the Meechans coming up unexpectedly and firing at the Protector. \"Lieutenant, announce emergency evacuation!\" Peter shouted. \"And activate self destruct.\" \"Computer, announce ship wide evacuation,\" Lieutenant Tawny said. \"And activate self destruct!\" Lazarus looked over toward Peter, half in surprise, and half in shock. Never did he order a evacuation. His motto was 'Never give up! Never surrender!' something that he abided by. Now, here the captain was towing Laredo out along with several other members off the command deck. The computer announced a ship wide evacuation. The sides of the starship were being struck by the plasma canons of the Meechans. People were going into the escape pods. Some were not fortunate to escape the plasma cannons as they were destroyed. \"Commander, why are you not surrendering?\" Lazarus asked. Peter looked over toward Lazarus. \"Because it is worth saving my crew!\" Peter replied. The protector trembled from side to side with a loud boom knocking down the humans in the wake. Peter took Tawny's hand then helped her up. They came to a emergency senior officer escape pod where Chen was buckled up, hands on the side of the metal pressed against his chest, and his eyes boggling. The crew got into the escape pod. Peter slapped on the rounded device to the side. The doors closed as the wail of the emergency evacuation became mute. Then the escape pod dejected as had the other pods flying away from the damaged starship. Peter sat down onto a chair with a sigh. Laredo and Tawny watched the ship be surrounded by Meechans and then, quite simply, it exploded taking the two Meechan starships with it. Lazarus looked over toward the unsure man who was never 'unsure' but mostly a 'I am hell sure what I am doing' with his hands going through his hair and his head pale. It was unsettling to Lazarus as he sat down beside the Commander then buckled himself in. The escape pod was heading directly back to Earth. \"Peter,\" Lazarus said. \"We could have used Omega 13.\" Peter lowered his hands down to his side then flashed a sad smile at the Mak'Tar. \"I know.\" Peter said. And the triangle escape pod followed a fleet of other escape pods in the direction of Earth.[Chapter 2] . . . . 2399. . . . . . Starsearcher academy. . . \"And that, is how you get out of a no-win scenario.\" Peter finished his lecture as the screen dipped to black. One member of the cadets raised their hand. \"Yes, you with the bird wings.\" Peter said. The cadet lowered their hand. \"Why did you not use Omega 13?\" Came a high pitched cadet. \"Because I already knew what had to be done,\" Peter said. \"I am open for questions,\" A row of hands raised. \"Other than giving up and surrendering,\" A majority of the hands lowered. \"And my relationship with former Lieutenant Tawny Madison,\" A few hands lowered. \"And my recent estrangement with Doctor Lazarus.\" Some hands lowered. \"No, I am not going back there.\" The few hands that lowered down left a somewhat packed lecture hall. \"Thank you for spending your time listening to my lecture on getting out of no win scenarios,\" Peter said. \"This lecture is over.\" Soon as Peter walked off the stage he saw several unusual humans with a bowl hair cut, gray suits with the NSEA emblem on their chest, and their hands packed into a fist and put it on their chest then bowed their heads. It had been some time, well, really, fourteen years since someone ever did that kind of charade for him. It brought back memories of his time commanding the Protector . . . Before he destroyed her. Peter raised an eyebrow. \"Commander Taggart,\" Came the tall one. \"We are in need of your help. I am Mathesar.\" \"I am not a Commander these days,\" Peter said. \"I am retired. Go ask NSEA for help.\" Peter walked past the man only to be stopped by the skinniest and most healthy looking of the group. \"We are in need ooof yoooour service, I am Teb,\" Tev said. \"Yoooou are our onnlly hhhhooooppppee.\" Peter looked over toward the crowd that was slowly getting up and heading up. He did not need a scene to be made so he looked over toward Tev who let go of his shoulder. They spoke strangely, as though they had some vocal impediment, or more as though they were aliens. He lived among aliens for a majority of his live on Pegasus II where everyone rebelled against Governor Kudos for bringing in a entire group of limousines at the expense of credits to the planet. He also painted one of them red and the rest brown that resembled Santa Clause's sleigh pulled by reindeer. \"I do not like the joke you are playing with me,\" Peter said. \"But I am not going along with it. I am going to be humiliated in front of everyone, again, not after the Protector.\" He furrowed his eyebrows at the two. \"Go find someone else who will help you.\" He started to walk past the group of four. \"No one wants to help us.\" Mathesar said. \"I will think about it.\" Peter said, continuing to the doors. Peter heard what sounded like a strange gasp or . . . something close to a laugh. He looked over to see their faces had brightened up and they were quite ecstatic. He turned his head away resuming to the doors where the crowd had parted to reveal Tawny who was dismissing away any rumors. Peter stopped, dead center, in his tracks to see the woman who had a fling with for the first two years of the mission standing there. Tawny had a smile at one of the cadets. The one who broke his heart. That simple smile broke his damn heart. He went right past Tawny using his self control. For the last two years of the mission, Peter had gotten over it. Fourteen years later, they got together and then broke up: twice. It all came to a end ten years ago when she asked, \" Why did you not use Omega 13 ?\" Tawny turned around noticing that Peter had walked past her. \"Peter?\" Tanwy said, her head turned in the direction of Peter. \"Is that you?\" She turned toward the interested cadets with a apologetic smile. \"I am sorry, maybe another time.\" The cadet's eyes turned into hearts as they watched the smokin' hot Lieutenant walk after the semi-retired Commander. It had been years since she had spoken with Peter, ten years since they broke up for the second time in a row, and years since she had seen him. Chen was involved with the latest 'Digital Conveyor' experimental project. Laredo was a pilot instructor. Lazarus? He was raising his fifteen year old sister he brought into the world months after the Protector had been destroyed. He chose family over duty. Tawny? She was part of some trials for a few people who went against the Galactic Peace Accord. She missed the ship, and she genuinely wanted answers like most of the command crew. \"Peter!\" Tawny said. Peter turned in the direction of Tawny, his mood sour. \"What do you want?\" Peter asked. Tawny frowned, folding her arms. \"It's been years since I last saw you,\" Tawny said. \"Where have you been? In Navada? In Kansas?\" \"No, I have been enjoying the last fourteen years happily without being grilled with questions,\" Peter said. \"Those questions.\" She understood what he meant by that question. \"I have been here in San Fransisco, moved here after you asked that question that I respectfully will not answer.\" Peter was different, in a light, not the brave womanizer who got his shirt torn off in half of the missions and his jacket shredded to pieces. After all, he had no control in his abs being shown mercilessly against his will. \"So far I have been enjoying my retirement.\" \"You? Retired?\" Tawny said. \"Dream on, Commander, we both know you-\" \"Things change, Tawny,\" Peter interrupted. \"I haven't stepped onto a spaceship in fourteen years.\" Tawny looked at Peter in shock and her mouth halfway open, there was a look of loss about her face. Shock. Dismay. Confusion. Mathesaur suddenly appeared along side Peter. \"Coooommander, have yooouuu decided yet?\" Mathesar asked. Peter looked over toward the man. \"Let me sleep it over.\" Peter said, then he went past Tawny. Tawny looked over toward the figure of Peter disappearing in the hallway then she looked over toward the direction of Mathesar was grinning from ear to ear with his companions behind him. One of them was a woman who seemed to be about Tawny's height but maybe two feet taller. They had uniforms that were gray, completely, gray, they lacked a certain flavor to them. \"Who the hell are you?\" Tawny asked. \"Mathesar,\" Mathesar said. \"And you must be Lieutenant Tawny Madison,\" He gently took her hand then kissed it. The others behind him repeated her name. \"It is an honor.\" Tawny yanked her hand back raising both eyebrows. \"What the hell are you?\" Tawny asked,wiping her hand off. \"Thermians, from the planet Thermia,\" Mathesaur said. \"We will take ooour leave, Lieutenant. I am sooo sooorry fooor the disturbance. We will nooot leave our waste ooon yooou. Accidental. My athoousand apoooloogies.\" No one had called Tawny 'Lieutenant' in years. They put their hands on their chest then quickly left. They were creepy and unusual, but they looked so human. Definitely had to be some strange alien race. She looked down to see her hand was covered in slime. Tawny quickly made it to the restroom where she washed her hands, shuddering, at what was possibly the most disgusting thing she ever felt. Two hand washes afterwards she came out of the restroom. She had to call a old friend afterwards about Peter's strange behavior. It was so unlike Peter.[Chapter 3] \"Hello, Tawny.\" Lazarus said, over the Vox as he was making Sausage Kep-Mok bloodtick soup. \"Hello, Lazarus,\" Tawny said, getting her shoes off on her couch. \"I just met Peter today at Starsearcher academy.\" Lazarus stopped spinning the spoon in the bowl looking over to the Vox. \"Starsearcher?\" Lazarus said, in surprise. \"You heard right.\" Tawny said, as Lazarus could picture her nodding. \"Why is he not on another ship?\" Lazarus asked. There was a brief pause. \"I don't know.\" Tawny said. \"It is unlike the commander's character to not return into space.\" Lazarus said, dipping in some cheese into the water followed by the bugs screeches. \"I agree,\" Tawny said. Lazarus put in cut sausage into the bowl. \"I am hoping you know why.\" Lazarus put in some spice into the bowl then he put it onto a stove and turned the heater up. \"Rest assured, I do not know why, I have lost contact with him exactly fourteen years ago, nine months, three weeks, one day, four hours, and six minutes,\" Lazarus said. \"Vox, dial in Chen,\" Lazarus resumed the slow stirring on the stove as his sister T'Spol was busy outside playing with a Quehal. It was a large cheetah like beast with the head of a cat, tail of a cat, and the torso of a Cheetah. It was native to a planet close to where Tev'Meck had orbited. \"I have been pleasantly living in New York City with my sister.\" \"How is she?\" Tawny asked. \"A ordinary fourteen year old,\" Lazarus said. He could hear the sound of the Quehal jumping into the house through the open window. \"On time for dinner, finally.\" \"Yello, this is Chen.\" Came Chen's voice. Lazarus took out two bowls from the cabinet and two spoons. He went over setting the table by putting the spoons on the mats and the napkins alongside. He listened to the conversation Tawny was sharing with Tawny. T'Spol took her boots off then put on her slippers and put the boots alongside the door. She had gills alongside her head and she lacked any form of hair. The only way to tell if she were a girl was by her face and her female characteristics. He came over to the kitchen where the conversation was going all over the place. \"The Commander is a man of many things,\" Chen said. \"But a liar? No way! I served with him for four years, as had you, we both know he wouldn't lie about where he has been.\" \"Then why has he been on Earth for so long?\" Tawny asked. \"Perhaps he is taking a break.\" Chen suggested. \"Fourteen years is not the kind of break a commander will usually take.\" Tawny said. \"Okay, a vacation !\" Chen said. \"Perhaps he is on drugs or something, something that makes him not the Commander we all know and respect.\" \"That would make sense.\" Tawny said. Lazarus felt disgust. \"The Commander will never take drugs. That is illogical. He would not stoop that low,\" Lazarus said, stirring inside the heated bowl where the sound of hissing became louder and louder. \"Commander is likely self pitying himself for whatever he has done in the previous months.\" There was silence. \"We should assemble a support group,\" Chen said. \"That might help him.\" \"Or maybe we can throw a surprise party!\" Tawny said. \"You know how the Commander hates parties that he is not aware of.\" Lazarus said. \"Well, he is going to love it,\" Tawny said. \"You know. . . I miss the ship too. Exploring new worlds, going where no man has gone before, and new civilizations. I miss the action.\" \"I miss Miranee.\" Chen said, sadly. Lazarus was sixty years old. Peter was forty-six. And quite frankly, they still had a youthful glow about them just like the rest of the crew members. Lazarus often found himself wondering,'What might Peter look like these days?'. Lazarus appeared unchanged, frozen in time, he was fortunate to be part of a species that outlived most humans. He could have graying hair for all Lazarus knew. Lazarus had a sigh. After the destruction of the Protector, he would go to places that were not there. His lab. The mess hall. The command deck. It took him time to readjust out of the habits that had been born on the Protector . \"I have an idea,\" Lazarus said. \"Why not we throw the fourteen anniversery reunion at Eight twenty-two tomorrow at Starsearcher academy?\" \"I can book it.\" Tawny said. \"I will be there,\" Chen said. \"Watching bunnies be digitized all day gets boring. I will call Laredo and ask him if he would like to go. Make sure to give me directions to which part we are throwing the party.\" \"Tawny out.\" \"Chen out.\" Lazarus shut the Vox then he scooped the yellow screeching fluid into two bowls. He put a lid over the bowl then used both plates to bring them over to the table. He placed them down on the mats then he went over to his chair and sat down. T'Spol came back out of the hallway in her PJ's that were totally Buzz Lightyear. The Quehal went down straight into T'Spol's room purring. The door slid to a close right behind the feline cat. \"Brother, what was that about?\" T'Spol asked, sitting down at the table. \"I will be attending a reunion tomorrow,\" Lazarus said. \"And you must make sure to get your homework completed, do not allow in-\" \"Strangers, guys with black attire and dark sunglasses, ugly menacing aliens requesting me to come out and come to their starship,\" T'Spol interrupted. The fainest smiles grew on Lazarus's face. \"I know the drill.\" She shook her hand with a wave. \"I can defend myself. And if the house is intruded, I will use the house escape pod that will send me directly to somewhere you have preprogrammed it for.\" Lazarus nodded. He had set it to Peter's residence, wherever he is, any residence he may be. He had the escape pod constructed when she was five years old and there were word of Meechan's possibly coming over to finish what they did to Tev'Meck by coming to his home. Lazarus would then force T'Spol into the pod, set it to eject, and allow them to kill him under the price of her safety. Lazarus could trust Peter with his sibling. The code word for it to send directly to Peter's was 'Tev'Meck' with his voice but under a house invasion? Code words 'House invaded' then it will head directly to the nearest police quarters. That required again Lazarus or T'Spol's voice. It recognized T'Spol's voice as it had voice recogniztion software. \"I have taught you well.\" Lazarus said. T'Spol nodded. \"That you have,brother,\" T'Spol said. \"It is only logical.\" She looked down to see a familiar meal on the table. \"My favorite!\" And then they started eating.[Chapter 4] Peter awoke on the couch, his neck aching,and his buttoned T-shirt was the only article of clothing he had on. Peter heard knocking from the door. He looked over to the screen across that had his agenda. One of which read 'Attend reunion at Starsearcher academy at 8:45 AM'. It was currently 4:58 AM. He pressed a button making the screen turn into darkness as the knocking repeated. Great, it is probably Tawny reminding him in person. Peter was half awake, half asleep. \"I am coming,Tawny!\" Peter said, putting on what was his boxers. Knock . Knock . Knock . Peter came to the door then opened it, \"Jeeze, Tawny, I am not even dressed-\" Only to stop when he saw Mathesar and his delightful crewmates as it seemed to be. \"Oh,\" Peter felt his IQ go below five points. \"Hi Mathesar.\" \"We are in need ooof yoour help, Cooomander.\" Mathesar said. \"Ooookay,\" Peter said. \"Hold on, I need a quick shower.\" He took a step aside, allowing the door to open widely. \"Excuse the mess. I wasn't aware that you were coming.\" \"Nooonsense,\" Mathesar said, entering as had the four others. They came into the living room where they looked up rather than down at first mind boggled. Peter shut the door looking at them quite strangely. They were still huddled in a group strikingly reminding Peter of The Delightful Children from Kids Next Door . \"We have been here plenty oooof times.\" \"Huh?\" Peter said. \"Just tooo make sure this was yoour living quarters,\" Mathesar said. \"We have recently defeated oooour nervoooous persooona and boooldly met yoooou. Never give up!\" \"Never suurrender!\" The rest finished. Peter picked his pants off the floor then went down the hall. \"I'll be right back,\" Peter said. Teb touched the miniature replica of the original Protector on the table that was remarkably clean unlike the apartment. \"Do not touch the Protector replica!\" Teb yanked his hand back appearing to be shy but otherwise blushing-that-he-touched-the-damn-original-replica-of-the- Protector -. \"Hooow did it feel?\" Mathesar asked. \"Like plastic!\" Teb beamed back. They laughed like sea otters then they stared in awe at the starship shaped like a magnet. Though one of them in particular, Laliari, quietly started to clean the apartment up. Teb followed afterwards and so did Neru. In half an hour the entire apartment was spot clean. Laliari took the white gloves off grinning as were the rest of the group. They had fun, unlike how people would feel, cleaning up the Commander's apartment. They had his other clothes in a pile. Mathesar placed the laundry into the cleaning machine then pressed a button where it made smooth rolling sounds. Peter came down the hall wide awake and bushy tailed. \"Okay,\" Peter said. \"I will help.\" \"Yay!\" The Thermians cheered. \"Now, what exactly do you need help with?\" Peter asked. \"Just a treaty with Sarris tooo noooot harrass oooour greatest scientific specialists,\" Mathesar said. \"We have oooour starpoooort prepared fooor oooour arrival. I will explain tooo yooou the histoooory ooof my race.\" Mathesar noticed Peter wasn't in the Commander's uniform just in a jacket, white shirt, jeans,and dark shoes. \"Oooon the way toooo the ride. We have a Hoooover-van prepared foooor the trip.\" Peter then noticed the entire room was clean,spot to bottom, and he whistled. \"Man,\" Peter said. \"Who cleaned this?\" \"We did!\" Neru said. They did, in fact, explain the race of their history. It had fallen into despair one hundred years ago due to a being named Roth'h'ar Sarris who delivered a crippling blow to the Thermians when they were busy fighting over politics. They were enslaved by the Sarris Dominion, oppressed and antagonized as well. Their society fell apart because of Sarris. Then one came the logs of the Protector and a majority of the security cameras had survived. Peter nearly spat out what he was drinking when they mentioned the Protector that was mentioned ever so casually. He was in the van when they came to how their society reformed, became better, developed newer technology, and joined the NSEA shortly after accomplishing flight. The joining was quiet and discreet. \"And we have been wondering what is Omega 13.\" Teb finished. \"It makes time go back thirteen minutes, or really, just 13 seconds,\" Peter said. \"There is a ongoing debate on it if it could be used as a form of nuclear destruction. My tech sergeant-\" Peter stopped, briefly closing his eyes, reminding himself he wasn't a commander of a starship. \"Mr Chen assured me it was a get-out-of-a-mess free card.\" Peter looked over to see the ground was feet away from the van. \"What the hell?\" Peter said, looking over toward the Thermians. \"Hoooold oon, coooomander.\" Mathesar said. Peter looked over toward the window to see the Earth fly, far, far, away. \"What kind of trick is this?\" Peter asked, turning his head away with a furious look. \"This is nooot a trick,\" Mathesaur said. \"We are bringing you tooo Sarris tooo discuss the treaty.\" Then it hit Peter. \"What treaty?\" Peter asked. \"The ooone yoooou are goooing toooo talk ooooover with Sarris.\" Mathesar said. The van flew into a wormhole and the Thermians grabbed onto their handles except for Peter who crashed his side against the van probably bruising his shoulder and was sent crashing against the other side. Peter was left in the air freely floating. He saw the Thermians were unfazed, smiling, right back at him looked over to see different shades of darker colors. He realized he was in a wormhole. A freaking wormhole! He hadn't been in a wormhole in years! Not since the Protector got stuck in one and it showed the deaths of his crew and the other times they had been in a wormhole. First time in fourteen years going out to space. IN A HOVER VAN! The Hover Van zipped out of the wormhole and gravity returned. Peter landed hard on his back on the floor where he could see the four Thermians looming over him. \"A thooousand apoollooogies,\" Mathesar said. \"We shoooould have warned yooou aboooout the turbulence.\" And all this time he thought they were Norwegians who had some problem finding a Commander for their ship. Peter often was seeked for advice by those who were assigning starships to the newer generation of NSEA OFFICERS. It made helping them easier by looking up the list of commanders they had come up with and read their files. He checked for: motto, relationship with others, and background. Eventually, one time,he narrowed down it down to Commander William Shajher. Handsome, attractive, and straight off another ship that had been lost nearly all those aboard due to a cloudy substance being he claimed was sapient. Peter got upright hearing a thud. \"We are in the Starpooort.\" Mathesar said. The side doors opened to reveal two other Thermians in matching suits with glowing faces. Peter fell out of the vehicle landing straight on his knees looking about the room. He looked over to see there being large squid like beings inside the Hover-Van. In a white flash Mathesar and his group reappeared. Peter got up on his two feet stumbling back, his legs felt wibbly wobbly, and it was like he was walking in jello. His space legs were a bit off but in time they would return. He noticed the walls were painted gray and the doors were shaped like a stop sign with the door being a lighter shade of gray completed by a circular window in the dead center. The four Thermians got out of the van. \"Are yooou alright, Cooomander?\" Mathesar asked, sounding concerned. Peter turned in the direction of Mathesar. \"It depends if NSEA is aware of this meeting.\" Peter said. \"They are aware,\" Mathesar said. \"We understand yooou have nooot been in space fooor foourteen years,\" Laliari stepped forward with a rounded pipe shaped item with a rounded edge and a small screen. \"A thoousand apooolooogies.\" Laliari placed the item on Peter's neck, shortly after his legs felt fine and it was painless. \"You apologize a lot,\" Peter said. \"And what did you just do?\" \"Treat your space jelly legs,\" Mathesar said. \"Mooost oooof the NSEA members who came here tooo see our marveloooos renditiooon needed it,\" Mathesar walked right past Peter. \"We have yooour uniform prepared,\" Mathesar had a hand gesture that flippant. \"Laliari and Neru will bring you to your quarters. Sarris will be here in thirty-twooo minutes. We will see yoooou oooon the coooomand deck.\" \"Command deck?\" Peter asked, his eyes widened and his eyebrows raised. \"Yes!\" Mathesar went out first leaving Neru and Laliari with him Getting from Starport to whatever ship he was on turned out to be easy. He nearly walked into the restroom where there were several squid like beings sitting on the urinals. He had to cover his eyes walking out and nearly ran into the wall as he did so. Neru had to guide Peter out of the room noting that this was a first that a commander would get lost in his ship. Peter followed the two Thermians who were speaking in a different language, that sounded a lot like seal or otter speaking, both of which seemed to be excited. They came to a unexpected halt so Peter bumped into them. \"W-we-We are he-he-here.\" Laliari said, her voice sounding like a high pitch boy. \"Laliari, your translator needs to be repaired,\" Neru said. \"I told you to get that fixed.\" \"I like it.\" Laliari said. \"You are a girl and you have not changed your appearence to a male, now please, get it fixed,\" Neru said. \"Your female form is the one you prefer to walk around in, is it not?\" \"I like female form,\" Laliari said. \"It feels so. . . new.\" \"Then get your translator repaired.\" Nery said \"Yes, brother.\" Laliari said, then she departed down the hall where a couple of Thermians went past her. \"Sisters,\" Neru said, with a sigh. \"Sometimes you got to love them.\" \"Then what's wrong with Mathesar's translator, and everyone elses?\" Peter asked. Neru turned toward Peter. \"English is as much alien to us as you are to us,\" Neru said, observing Peter's attire. \"We have the new 2399 uniforms. I believe the new uniforms would respectfully be able to ensure we are being serious with Sarris and you are as well.\" \"I haven't been a commander in years.\" Peter said. Neru stepped aside. \"Time to dust off the shelves,\" Neru said. \"You are needed. Whatever past that haunts you should not hinder you from going onward.\" \"You are pretty good with English for a alien.\" Peter said. Neru smiled. \"Thank you.\" Neru said. Peter went into the quarters. That is when he recognized the room. His room! The placement of the belongings. The holo-pictures that were lost in the destruction of the Protector . There was a couch facing a fish tank of rare fish. A desk with a computer screen and a keyboard along with a bobble-head and a long stick with thread wrapped the end. One that he had gotten from one of the homeworld of Yarrh Rotter on Strawgoh. Peter came over to the table that had what he long thought to be irreplaceable. His hands traced along the picture of Joan Edith, his beloved, who went down on the Arcadia a ship he had served on. \" Never give up! Never surrender!\" were Edith's last words. Peter put down the picture frame on the table. He saw a long wide weapon with a ax like surface, one that had been made when he had to fight against Lazarus to save the timeline of his world. Peter touched it. It felt very real. Peter picked it up and observed for the bent side, the scratches that were made from Lazarus's weapon, and the chip in the handle. He placed it down on the table taking a sigh. If he was thinking what he was thinking, but, how? How did NSEA authorize this? He briefly closed his eyes disturbed. If NSEA knew, wouldn't he have been told? He had a inkling of an idea what this ship was. Peter opened his eyes. Peter walked into the other room where he recognized his quarters. It had a waterbed, a hot ass waterbed that had a forcefield that prevented it from getting holes. It had blue sheets and the blankets showed the galaxy in its entirety. He noticed there was a lamp in the room that was well lit continuously beaming on. If one other than the owner were to touch it then they would be very burned. Peter put one finger on the rounded basket like object to feel a warm sizzle. It brought him back to a familiar planet that had objects that warmly greeted their owners when they touched. Peter looked over to see the uniform neatly folded on the chair right beside the closet. The jacket now had a different design, instead, the darker gray pointed upwards not downwards. Which was the only notable difference. The background of the NSEA synbol was a dark gray. The shoulder pads had the same golden 'V' shaped parts and he looked down, the other thing that hadn't changed was the black shirt, and the gray jeans but they had deeper pockets then they had before. He also noticed the holster to the plasma pistol had been updated as had the Vox. He looked over to see the doors to his quarters had closed. Peter looked back down toward his uniform with a familiar grin that he hadn't done in fourteen years. Thirty-two minutes later, Peter was finally out of the room. He had this aroma that made some Thermians, male and female alike, fall to the ground and some who were fangirling over seeing the legendary commander walking down the hallway. He had on cologne. It was like a complete transformation had been done. He went off his memory off the Protector, of course, to find his way to the command deck. Though his shoulders were racked with guilt. Guilt that hadn't left his 'semi-retired' figure. His mood had lifted though from 'depressed commander who has firmly planted his feet in the soil to ' Commander Peter Quincy Taggart'. The doors opened before Peter. His jaw almost fell. The command deck. Peter went on auto-pilot walking into the room. He could picture Laredo at his station to his left and Tawny at her station to his right. Lazarus at his station right across. Chen waiting beside his chair holding a wrench going along the lines of 'If you break that hot tub again, I am not fixing it, Commander!' and Tawny shaking her head with a short laugh. Laredo grinning. Lazarus totally hiding back a smile even when he is surveying a mass of space for a Class M planet to explore. \"Cooommander!\" Mathesar said, drawing Peter back to reality. Mathesar put one hand packed into a fist on his chest with a grin. \"Welcome tooo the coooommand deck!\" Mathesar said. \"At ease.\" Peter said. The whole room relaxed as he came over to the empty chair then sat down into it. The screen bleeped to life to display a ugly green material like man who had a strange kind of chin and he actually resembled some kind of insect, so much so that Peter let it slip from his mouth, \"Wow, are you some kind of praying mantis gone wrong?\" General Sarris's wings of doom spread out and his demeanor changed into a furious one. His teeth were long and sharp, K-nine really, and his tongue was a dark blue not green. \"Who are you?\" Sarris asked, with a frown. \"Commander Peter Taggart.\" Peter said. A creepy kind of smile grew on the deep voiced alien's face \"Oh, the one who destroyed his ship at the expense of his crew.\" Sarris said. Peter narrowed his eyes at the screen and he grew serious. \"You have been harassing these Thermian's scientists, antagonizing them, and done so much oppression that I cannot fathom why you are still bothering them after they rebelled,\" Peter said. \"How does it feel to be repelled against by those who never gave up? Never surrendered? I guess that might be annoying,\" He had his elbow on the arm of the chair waving his hand. \"Now, they have earned their freedom from you fair and square. Time to move on from them. They have no grudge for you and no desire to fight against you. Why not go your separate way?\" Sarris had a short laugh. \"Give up?\" Sarris asked. \"Sure, enjoy the gift I left for you.\" The screen turned to black. Sarcasm , Peter thought. \"Blue Plasma cannons, engage!\" Peter shouted, standing up from the chair. \"Send them packing, Laredo.\" Several plasma shots fired upon Sarris's starship that was shaped like a cannon. Sarris flew out of orbit with walls being destroyed and damaged but repairable. Peter's racing heart started to slow down. He had a sigh of relief that this went well. He turned away from the chair keeping his composure where there was a applause. \"Yooou have saved us!\" Mathesar said. \"We are in your debt.\" \"Negative, you are in the debt of-\" Peter stopped himself, realizing he was without his crew. So he finished it off differently, \"Yourselves.\" He held a hand out to Mathesar. \"I just did the talking.\" Mathesar extended one hand out and he shook Peter's hand. For a squid being, Mathesar felt relatively human. B-Bllast! Elsewhere, on Earth, Lazarus bolted up from his bed of spikes clenching at his chest and his eyes opened wide,experiencing pain. \" Peter !\" \"Coooommander!\" Mathesar shouted, his eyes full of terror and fear. The other Thermians turned in the direction of the one who had fired and they all dog piled on Sarris's agent who dropped his disguise generator to the ground. Peter collapsed to the ground feeling a hot stinging pain his chest. To Peter, it started with him falling letting go of Mathesar's hand. Peter thought of everyone else he left in the dark. Peter's entire life flashed before him. Then landing on the floor on his back. Mathesar coming to his side then look over shouting for a medic. A Thermian went out the doors calling out in their native language. The whole room became a blur save for Mathesar who turned his head toward Peter. \"Coommander,\" Mathesar said. \"We will repair yoooou.\" Then his eyes closed and his world became dark.[Chapter 5] Lazarus stepped out of the shower, soaking in the water, and he grabbed a towel then carefully began to clean himself off including the gills on his head. He hummed a Mak'Tar song to himself as he dried himself off. A small square machine went around the bathroom absorbing the water then exited out of the room. When he was done drying himself, Lazarus proceeded to get dressed in Mak'Tar dry, warm attire placed on a chair. Then he brushed his teeth, shaved what hair was growing alongside the side of his face, and put on pink slippers with white fur around them complimenting his dark socks. Lazarus left the restroom then made breakfast for T'Spol and himself. Many humans, and even Peter, had said they had become estranged recently. The way they phrase relationships baffled the Mak'Tar. Recently ? They became estranged fourteen years ago . He listened to T'Spol's pet thump of her feet, her Quehal body slithering out of the cat door,and the sound of the purring belonging to the feline echoing down the hall. Lazarus placed a plate of what was a sunny side up kep-mok (A mother blood tick) egg which was mostly black with the center of it being a shade of purple. T'Spol came after she had awaken and taken a shower. Lazarus was in between deciding to wear Mak'Tar attire or something even more suitable for a reunion. Formal clothing would consist of a black outfit with a white shirt,but this wasn't for a fancy dance, that the doctor was aware of. He went with the Mak'Tar attire after coming to a conclusion and went on to eating breakfast. He put on his recently bought boots that covered the purple ridges in the shapes of scales outlined by the black socks. His toes were webbed kind of like a frog. The Quehal had eaten her breakfast and went outside to relieve herself. Five minutes later she came back and curled alongside the dining room table. Feeling that pain in his chest? The instant knowledge of who it was coming from? Lazarus closed his eyes comforting himself it could not be. It might have been a nightmare. But his gut told him otherwise. Dreams are many things to the Mak'Tar race, they have a fine line between what is reality and what is not reality. Dreams are theorized to be other dimensions their minds travel but they have yet to accomplish as they are not ready to place themselves into different vessels for more than a day out of their vessel since it is theirs and due to the soul having difficulty sticking to a second vessel with a attraction to be snatched back into the original one. Lazarus cleaned the dishes. T'Spol was prepared to attend school, holding onto her backpack's straps, and she had on her school uniform standing in the hallway to the door. \"Brother?\" T'Spol asked, as Lazarus seemed to be looking off in the distance of the back door patio toward the sky lost in thought. \"Are you all right?\" Lazarus turned his head away toward T'Spol. \"I am suitable,\" Lazarus said. \"Go to the bus stop. And do not accept rides from strangers.\" \"Pepperspray, brother,\" T'Spol said, holding up a small device labeled 'Pepperspray'. \"Will not know what hit them.\" The Quehal was outside playing with one of her toys. \"I will see you after school,\" Lazarus said. \"Sister.\" T'Spol went out the door. Beep . Beep . Beep . Lazarus flipped out his vox. \"Lazarus here.\" \"Hey Lazarus, can you drive me to the reunion from the hover-port?\" It was Laredo. \"I don't have the credits to get a taxi.\" \"Affirmative,\" Lazarus said. \"It is good to hear you again, Laredo.\" \"I am the guy with the large hat and with the security crewman guy attempting to flirt with girls,\" Laredo said. \"I am not a kid anymore.\" Nine. . . ten. . eleven. . . twelve. . . . thirteen . Laredo was thirteen years old when Lazarus last spoke with him and he hadn't hit puberty at that time, yet. Now, hearing Laredo as a fully grown man with a different kind of voice was nice to hear. It had been a long time since he had seen Laredo. In fact, it had been two long since Lazarus had last talked with the crew members of the Protector . \"I will be there, Laredo,\" Lazarus said. \"Lazaraus out.\" Lazarus closed his Vox then he left the house. . . .Forty-two minutes later. . . \"This is my friend Victor Rockwell Ingersol,\" Laredo said. \"Though everyone calls him the Roc.\" \"It is a honor to meet you, Doctor Lazarus!\" Roc said, handing out a hand. \"He doesn't shake hands,\" Laredo said. \"Sensitive fingers.\" \"Oh.\" Roc lowered his hand down then buckled himself in. \"Please, it is Lazarus,\" Lazarus said. \"I am retired.\" \"You-WHAT?\" Laredo raised his voice. \"Retired.\" Lazarus said. \"Since when ?\" Laredo asked. \"I have had more urgent duties to attend to,\" Lazarus said. \"That being my little sister T'Pol-I meant T'Spol.\" \"You never had a sister.\" Laredo said. \"I have one now.\" Lazarus said. \"Gee, the captain has become earth bound,\" Laredo started. \"You have retired, Chen has engaged in studies of Digital conveying science experiments, Tawny has drifted in and out of NSEA, and I have become the epicenter of teaching kids how to fly! Half of the time they don't retain the knowledge! Now, I should be the lucky one who's been raised in a climate controlled city on constant simulation. But really? I am not lucky. I can't believe I was the chosen kid to be in that prodigy program!\" Lazarus stole a glance over his shoulder toward Laredo raising a eyebrow. \"What prodigy program?\" Lazarus asked. \"The geniuses kid program,\" Laredo said. Lazarus turned his attention back on the road. \"It is a reason why I was the youngest helmsman in history.\" \"Fascinating,\" Lazarus said, as Roc looked at the direction of Laredo with a hurt expression. \"A genetically engineered helmsmen.\" \"How come you never told me that,Laredo?\" Roc asked, hurt. \"Because unlike you I do not spill out my guts to every woman I come across,\" Laredo said. \"This is man between man.\" \"He does have a point, logically,\" Lazarus said, driving away from the hover-port. \"Spilling your guts is very unsanitary and I would recommend you never do that. It is very deadly,and I recommend you tell me the doctors who allow such operations to be done.\" Laredo laughed falling over in the back passenger seat. \"I believe he didn't meant by spilling my intestines out,but okay,\" Roc said. \"I get the point.\" Roc reminded Laredo of Crewman Number Six, one who had died fourteen years ago. He had taken the opportunity to look up his name after the funeral to learn it was Gregarius Sextus. Lazarys glanced over toward Roc who had his arms folded shaking his head. Roc and Laredo (after he had stopped laughing) were engaging in a unusual discussion. The tone between them was a different kind. It was like two well acquainted individuals or more else two loved ones bickering. \"Are we going to tell everyone the truth?\" Roc said. \"The truth? Oh, they can't handle the truth!\" Laredo said. \"Perhaps they can,\" Roc said. \"They must know.\" \"Not now. We can break it to them after the reunion.\" Laredo said. \"What truth?\" Lazarus asked. \"Nothing.\" Laredo and Roc said. \"Are you related to Gregarius Sextus, Mr Ingersol?\" Lazarus said \"No,\" Roc said. \"First I have heard the name.\" \"Hm,\" Lazarus said. \"Interesting.\"[Chapter 6] \"8:50 AM,\" Chen said, looking down toward his smart watch. \"And he still is not here.\" \"Is this his way of saying no?\" Tawny said. \"Peter told me he was coming.\" \"I wouldn't be surprised.\" Chen said, with a simple shrug. \"He must be in some bad traffic,\" Lazarus said, earning sharp glares from everyone. \"It is only logical.\" \"Stop defending him with that endless list of excuses,\" Tawny said. \"We all know he does not need it.\" Roc caught the glimpse of a familiar figure from the history padds coming from the corner of the hall. The glint of the gray uniform, the shoulder pads, and the hair was a distinguishable familiar sight but the face was more of a blur. He had been told that Commander Taggart had become semi-retired. Roc raised his eyebrows watching a unfamiliar figure enter the room with a not-so-familiar stride that was full of confidence but otherwise a serious commander swagger about the persona. \"You are never going to believe this,\" Peter said. \"But I fired away a Fatu-Krey! Also, Mathesar has me in charge of the Protector and his species! I am helping them finding a new home planet to colonize!\" Tawny's jaw dropped. Lazarus's hand squeezed the cup he was holding. Chen observed the captain's attire. \"Nice suit.\" Chen said. \"Peter, you destroyed the Protector exactly fourteen years ago, six months, two weeks, six days, and four hours ago,\" Lazarus said. \"We all saw it destroyed.\" \"They rebuilt it.\" Peter said. Tawny's eyes narrowed at Peter. \"Are you pulling our legs?\" Tawny asked. \"And where did you get that suit? Didn't you say you were retired?\" \"That I am not,\" Peter said. \"Ah,\" He turned in the direction of Laredo. \"Laredo, you have grown up!\" Laredo smiled. \"I had my growth spurt when I was fifteen.\" Laredo said. Peter was different form the last time she had seen him, bad mood and a bit depressed like, now here he was acting like nothing had ever happened. It was like some-one went back in time, grabbed Commander Taggart from the past then placed his mind into his older self,and then ditched him. Roc was staring at the man in shock, utter shock, at the sudden arrival of someone claimed to be 'tamed and dull these days'. \"And how has the little sister been, Lazarus? Has she developed any hair on her head?\" Lazarus coldly glared at Peter. \"Kidding!\" \"NSEA swore not to build the Protector without all of us onboard,\" Lazarus said. \"Not all of us are willing to believe NSEA went against its own word.\" \"NSEA never goes against its own word,\" Roc said, earning glances. \"Even for the well being of a select few.\" Their attention returned to Peter. \"The Thermians brought you out of retirement after fourteen years,\" Tawny said. \"Uh huh. I don't believe you. You are a piece of work.\" Tawny left the room with her hands balled into a fist, and Teb went past her with some of his other Thermian crewmen. Lazarus went next tossing his drink into the trashcan and so did Laredo. One of them was a female Thermian Scientist named Je'Ling and the other two seemed to be dressed in gray versions of the NSEA crewmen uniforms. Chen raised an eyebrow at the neat, tidy uniforms. The 'Happy 14th reunion' banner fell to the floor behind Roc and Chen. The Thermians were pale. \"Cooomander,\" Teb said. \"Sarris would like tooo discuss oooour surrender.\" Chen lowered his eyebrow. \"Surrender?\" Peter turned his head toward Teb with a stubborn expression about his face. \"Oh, we will see about that!\" He looked over toward Roc and Chen with the trademark reassuring look. \"You are always welcome to join me, if you are interested.\" He turned back in the direction of the Thermians. \"Never give up! Never surrender!\" The small group went out the door in the opposite direction the group had gone. Chen and Roc shared a glance. \"I am so checking this out,\" Roc said. \"See you later.\" Roc zipped in the direction of the Thermians and the commander. Chen went in the direction the crew had gone going past several other cadet in the sea of cadets,and he eventually came to a stop outside where everyone was headed to the Hover-parking. It had been years since Peter even muttered the phrase 'Never give up! Never surrender!'. He never muttered it after the Protector was destroyed. When he came aboard the escape pod, Chen could notice a drastic change about the commander. His hands cupped together. His head lowered down toward his hands. His mood had shifted. Lazarus sitting by, concerned, as the escape pod traveled through space. \"Guys, wait!\" Chen shouted. They didn't even stop. \"The Thermians might be the real deal!\" Chen shouted. \"Oh real deal?\" Tawny said. \"The real deal is when he is being honest with us.\" Laredo opened the car door and stepped in. \"Being held back the truth on why he has not used Omega 13 has been hurtful,\" Lazarus added, getting in. \"And all he has done is lied.\" \"You haven't considered the possibility that he is telling the truth,\" Chen said. \"He must have had a good reason to surrender. After fourteen years, FOURTEEN YEARS, we've been asking him why. Well? Maybe he has his own personal reasons but for the first time in fourteen years I just heard him say his motto.\" Chen turned around and headed straight back toward Starsearcher academy. \"I am willing to give the commander a second chance.\" Chen went through the doors to the academy. Laredo looked over to the empty seat then back in the direction of Lazarus with a puzzled facial expression. \"Where is Victor?\" Laredo said. The three stole glances to one another regarding the possibility that the commander could be telling the truth. Car doors slamming. Feet running. Academy doors closing behind Tawny. Some cadets coming to a stop watching the legendary crew of the original Protector darting in the direction of Chen. Some even said, \"Hey, isn't that Doctor Lazarus?\" The cadets went into their respective classes emptying the hall. They came to the back that had a open space above that had a array of plants that were alien, strange, and unique. Some of them even had fur in the shape of a mane belonging to a lion. There stood a female Thermian beside a purple alien bush with green flowers and light purple thorns. \"If Commander Taggart is going to be a commander of some copy-cat of the Protector, then we are going too!\" Tawny said. Je'Ling smiled, tilting her head to the side. \"The commander said you would be coming,\" Je'Ling said. \"Prepare four pods to launch,\" She straightened her head. \"I am a holographic projection. I will see you there.\" Je'Ling vanished in a blue haze. \"Pods?\" Tawny said. Tawny looked down to see a circular white object below her feet. Blue gel emerged from the center then covered the boot pinning them to the base. The gel traveled around their bodies and conformed around it. The gel pinned their arms to the side rising up the shoulder level up to the head then solidified to form a protective barrier. It was thick but otherwise produced oxygen for the human related beings inside to breath. The pad ejected off the ground through the sky going through incredible speeds that otherwise did not harm the flying people inside. They went through a wormhole. Then they landed in a room where the gel dissipated and the pod vanished from below their feet. Lazarus's eyes were wide as he were trembling due to the cold. Tawny stood there, her eyes enlarged, recovering from the cold chill. Chen was looking around the room curiously. Laredo's jaw had dropped. The doors parted ways to reveal a pair of squid like beings octopusing their way into the room, their tentacles drawing forward on the metal floor, and their eyes were quite unusual. They held unusual little portable items in their tentacles and scanned the four with the items. With a small Po-op the squids turned into people. \"Oooh my,\" Came the young looking Thermian in the middle. \"My sincerest apologies.\" \"Our apologies.\" The two repeated, picking up what they had dropped. \"Ah ha!\" Peter came in through the doors. \"Five minutes and thirty-six seconds, you came here earlier than I expected.\" Tawny rolled her eyes and fell back landing on the floor. \"Sensory overload.\" Lazarus said. Roc came in the room with a new uniform on that would normally be worn on a security officer (which is his occupation). \"This is awesome!\" Roc said. \"That was one hell of a ride. I wouldn't mind another trip on a pod.\" \"You should see the ship.\" Peter said. Laredo lifted his jaw back up. \"Ship?\" Laredo said.[Chapter 7] The newly recovered team easily got adjusted to space as some of them had been in space during the fourteen year period. Peter seemed so natural in space. Even though the commander was older than he had been before, Peter wore that suit well. It fit him like a glove. They came to the observation deck to see a replica of the Protector in space with the fine dark print indicating the name of the ship on the right thruster. It was quite the sight to see. Laredo rubbed his eyes. Chen pinched himself. Tawny merely gaped. Lazarus appeared to be amazed. \"By Grabthar's hammer,\" Lazarus said. \"They. . . They rebuilt her. She looks marvelous.\" \"How long?\" Tawny asked, her jaw went slack. \"It took them four years to build her,\" Peter said. Tawny raised her jaw back up. \"Most of the design comes from the wreckage and the security cameras. Mostly the security camera's. This is the Protector II.\" Their heads turned toward Peter. \"Now, now, now,\" He shook his hands. \"I did not name her. Mathesar did. If I had to name her, it would be Protector Junior .\" \"Peter.\" Tawny said. \"You must see the inside,\" Peter said. \"I insist before we go to the command deck. They replicated our rooms.\" Peter gestured down the hall. \"I want to see Laredo's room!\" Roc said, immediately going down the hall. \"That has kid stuff!\" Laredo panicked, going after Roc. \"You do not want to see it!\" Chen and Tawny followed in the direction of the other two leaving Lazarus and Peter behind. Lazarus looked over toward Peter with such concern in his eyes. \"Peter, are you hurt?\" Lazarus asked. \"No.\" Peter said. \"You are lying to me,\" Lazarus said. \"I felt you get hurt this morning.\" Peter's face became amused. \"Oh, that!\" Peter said, with a short laugh. \"I thought you were talking emotionally.\" \"Raising a sibling takes comes first over duty.\" Lazarus said. \"Not that.\" Peter said. Lazarus raised a arched eyebrow. \"Then what were you referring to?\" Lazarus asked. Peter looked over toward Lazarus with a faded but look of knowing that seemed daunting. Lazarus lowered his arched eyebrow. \"I advise you tell me the truth for once regarding your injury.\" He had his hands behind his back, eyes glaring at the direction of Peter, face stoic. \"Do not make me beg.\" \"You don't have to.\" Peter said. \"Please, Peter.\" Lazarus said. Peter sighed. \"I got shot this morning,\" Peter said. \"All right? Had to get a lung replicated.\" \"No, it wasn't your lung,\" Lazarus said. \"I know the truth but I like to hear it from you.\" Peter briefly closed his eyes. \"I thought you dissolved our psychic bond.\" Peter said, looking over toward Lazarus. \"I lied.\" Lazarus said. \"Now who's pants are on fire?\" Peter said, with a smirk. \"My pants are not on fire, Peter.\" Lazarus said. Peter shook his head. \"Fourteen years and you still do not get that phrase.\" Peter said. \"Peter.\" Lazarus said. \"It was the heart,\" Peter said, then he patted on his chest. \"Good as new!\" \"Peter, one does not walk out of being shot at the heart and come back head on.\" Lazarus said. \"I don't believe in no-win scenarios,\" Peter said.\"You know that well as I do.\" \"I do.\" Lazarus said. Lazarus felt like he was closer to the truth on why Peter gave up than before. Years ago, Peter was highly stubborn about even discussing it. In fact he refused to straight out tell the truth. Something was on his mind when he even considered the thought those years ago when asked by his former crew mates. What he had done was fresh on his mind. But it wasn't so fresh on Peter's mind. He decided not to ask, \"What about fourteen years ago?\" as Peter had to tell Lazarus on his own. Something he should have thought of logically years ago. Patience, and the answer will come. Peter, unexpectedly, started to fall forwards. Lazarus was quick on his feet catching the man in his arms. \"Apparently the lethargic side effect lingers,\" Peter said. \"Told me to lay off straining myself. Straining myself? Who do they think I am? Arnold Schwarzenegger or Buzz Lightyear?\" Lazarus helped the man straighten himself. Peter muttered a soft, \"Thank you.\" Peter left the observation room with Lazarus tailing behind him.[Chapter 8] \"Doctor Lazarus-\" A male Thermian came to Lazarus's side as he was walking down the hall headed to where he had an inkling of an idea where his quarters were. \"It is Lazarus.\" Lazarus said. \"But you can't retire being a doctor.\" The Thermian said. Obviously the Thermian had overheard the news. \"Watch me.\" Lazarus said. \"My name is Quellek,\" Quellek said. \"I have followed the ways of the Mak'Tar since I was little.\" Lazarus looked over toward Quellek, who had his head designed like a Mak'Tar. \"You are a Thermian, are you not?\" Lazarus asked. \"I view you as the father I never had,\" Quellek said. \"And I view myself as a Mak'Tar than a Thermian.\" They came to the doors that had a circular window in the dead middle. \"Open.\" The doors opened to reveal a empty room. Free of distractions. A lot like his original quarters aboard the Protector . Lazarus looked over toward Quellek. \"I like it.\" Lazarus said. \"Excellent,\" Quellek said. \"It has taken me four years to master sleeping on spikes but now days I sleep like a baby.\" He came over to a panel then pressed a button from the wall across. Lazarus entered the room. Free of distractions. Open space. A lot like how his bedroom should be if not for some keepsakes. \"Close.\" The doors closed behind Lazarus. \"We have your compartments for individual purposes prepared such as the closet for attire and shoes and socks.\" A series of spikes came up from the floor at the center of the room. \"And your facilities have been prepared.\" The wall opened. \"Your anatomy is quite. . . sophisticated.\" \"I was not aware of there being a security camera in my room.\" Lazarus said. \"Most of which were recovered due to the automatic delete program that Commander Taggart had authorized,\" Quellek said, matter-of-factly. \"Your urination was quite unexpected. We used to believe you wouldn't urinate in the same room and had complete privacy.\" It was nice to know the human looked out for Lazarus in that kind of way. Lazarus believed the conversation regarding his urination went in this manner: \"Lieutenant.\" Peter said. \"Yes?\" Tawny said. \"Ask the computer to create a program to delete all footage in Dr Lazarus's quarters in the case of self destruction.\" Peter said. Tawny would have been puzzled. \"Why?\" Tawny asked. \"You never know,\" Peter winked. \"Someone might just find Dr Lazarus on a very private moment.\" \"Understood.\" Tawny said. \"Computer-\" \"Lazarus?\" Quellek repeated. \"Mr Lazarus?\" \"Yes?\" Lazarus said. \"I was asking how you first met the commander.\" Quellek said. \"Oh,\" Lazarus said. \"I met him . . .When he was first Lieutenant Commander under Commander Trout. He was twenty-seven at the time. He was recently assigned on the Protector after the attack on the Arcadia .\" And one year later I watched Peter take command over the Protector at age twenty-eight , Lazarus added in mid thought. \"Commander Trout died noble protecting his ship.\" Quellek said. \"Life cut short.\" Lazarus agreed, as the series of spikes went down and the doors closed. \"I have always wondered,\" Quellek said. \"Asides to the logs, they are not of much information, were you and the commander ever in a relationship? I was puzzled on one log where you had Mak'Tar biology kicking in on a planet encased by a cave with Commander Taggart. The Commander's log says ' All went well, and Dr Lazarus's life has been saved. ' and your log lacked any information except that your Mak'Tar biology to reproduce every seven years had ended without incident. What happened in those three unaccounted for days?\" \"You really want to know?\" Lazarus asked, raising a eyebrow. \"Yes.\" Quellek said. \"I was on choloform,\" Lazarus said. \"The projection deck was useful for my ailment after returning to the Protector .\" Time went by, swiftly, on the Protector II . Everyone was mostly delighted by what they had to see, mostly. Roc teased Laredo about the real life light saber he had below the poster of Darth Vader and Obi wan-kenobi. Quellek believed what Lazarus had to say about his relationship with Peter Taggart which he characterized as \"acquaintances\" totally leaving out the part where they had a psychic bond that was still active. Chen was down in the engineering section admiring the newest version of a beryllium sphere and the new additions. Safe to say that Chen was having a field day down there. \"This is the cooommand deck.\" Mathesar said. The command deck, in Lazarus's honest opinion, looked way better than it had eighteen years ago. The metal was more light gray than it was dark gray, the main theme to his station was not white as it had been but gray with a darker gray band around it. His station was right across from Tawny's. Laredo's station was across from the captain's chair. His fingers slid on the rounded surface to the science station. The screen was otherwise brand new. Roc was at the security station being giddly about being on the legendary command deck. \"Impressive reconstruction of our stations,\" Lazuras said. \"I assumed the bridge would be beyond recognition after self destruction.\" \"This comes from all the fooootage we recovered, frooom yooour persooonal quarters too every deck.\" Mathesar said. \"Just how much footage did you get of Doctor Lazarus's room?\" Peter asked. \"All ooof it,\" Mathesar said. \"A few oof my peooople wooould like tooo witness the ship exit spacepooort.\" \"They may come in.\" Peter said. Mathesar turned in the direction of the door and made a unusual cry that sounded a lot like a otter, maybe an eel, calling out. The doors open to reveal twenty or so Thermians. They had seen a long hall of Thermians in the barracks complete with a simple bed and a cabinet of the sorts resting at the foot of the bed. It extended throughout the ship. Easily could hold four hundred and more of the species. Peter turned toward Laredo. \"Take us out, Laredo.\" Peter said. Laredo pressed a button then grasped his fingers around the handle. The ship started going toward the left, after all, it had been years since Laredo had actually flown the Protector. He was reminded by Roc who simply commented, \"You should be going to the right, Larry.\" With Laredo snapping back, \"I am the driver! Not you, Victor!\" And then he proceeded to hit the right hand side of the space port scraping the Protector in the process. Most of the people on the command deck were covering their ears. Laredo moved toward the left. He, eventually, brought the Protector on a straight path exiting the starport. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. \"And you say you have been teaching kids to drive when you have gone rusty on flying?\" Roc asked. \"Hey, that was simulated !\" Laredo replied. \"Whoooo is Larry?\" Mathesar asked, confused. The other Thermians clapped as Tawny rubbed her forehead. \"This is going to be a long day.\" Tawny said, as she noticed that Peter was loving this.[Chapter 9] \"We have replicated your food from the remains of the food synthesizer on the previous Protector and rebuilt it,\" Martinsar, Mathesar's twin , explained, sitting beside Mathesar who seemed to be internally fangirling over sitting in the presence of his idol Peter Taggart. \"Kep-mok was easy to come by.\" Lazarus took a sip of his kep-mok, chewed, and relatively enjoyed the meal. \"Where do kep-mok come from anyway?\" Laredo asked. \"The infectinia planet, hence the name, Coomander,\" Mathesar said. \"This is a different breed. These kep-moks are more juicy than their counterparts.\" Quellek was eating a bowl of squirming ke-moks eating them like they were spaghetti rather than disgusting insects. \"Sooome ooof us enjoooy the meal and many ooof us enjoooy human foood.\" Chen twirled his fork in the noodles. \"Thank god for the American Cheese burger!\" Roc said. \"So what about the previous commander?\" Tawny asked. Martinsar and Mathasar shared a identical grimace. \"He . . . he was weak,\" Martinsar said. \"He couldn't stand Sarris. Might as well shooow you.\" The crew were in the new NSEA authorized uniforms. Martinsar and Mathasar, turned toward the screen from behind them. Roc chewed what bite he had taken from the cheese burger and Chen was busy eating the noodles as he stared the screen coming to life,while Mathesar explained this video was smuggled off Sarris's ship. The scenery opened to a dark room then panned into a chamber where a purple squid was strapped to a table. Sarris's figure entered holding a device in his hand. \"Tell me the most dangerous weapon of choice you on the Protector.\" Sarris said. \"I will not tell you.\" Came a female like voice from the squid. \"That is not good enough!\" Sarris slapped the device on the squid making it transform from human to natural Thermian with a scream. \"Please, if you have mercy, let me die!\" The former commander said. Sarris grinned. \"Hearing your scream for three days is the most delightful sound I have heard,\" Sarris said. \"I wouldn't stop.\" He tapped on the item making the Thermian scream once more. \"Now,\" His large green scaled fingers trace of the appearance generator shocker. \"Tell me.\" His fingers were above the item. \"If you tell me, I will let you go. I promise.\" The former commander looked up toward Sarris fearfully, but seemed to relax a little. \"Omega 13!\" The former commander said. Sarris pressed the button. The squid being screamed. \"YOU PROMISED!\" The former commander shouted. Sarris had a cackle. \"You are so naive.\" Sarris said. Mathesar turned away from the screen toward the crew. \"We have been learning 'deceptiooon' and 'lies' due tooo Sarris,\" Mathesar said. \"At a great cooost.\"[Chapter 10] \"Come on, we have faced more twisted bad guys.\" Peter said, following after his crew who had packed their lunches. \"Might I remind you that none of them tortured us!\" Tawny said. \"You afraid of being tortured?\" Peter asked. They all shot Peter a death glare. \"Yes!\" They said at once. \"I cannot stand the idea of my body being turned inside out. Do you know how illogical that is? And very disgusting, might I note,\" Lazarus said. \"Only Ipthar knows what he would do to us . He might be skilled in torture that is unlike the one he had done on the Thermians. I have a little sister who is still learning to speak in Tevmekian. She doesn't have the memories of all my ancestors.\" \"I am too young to die!\" Laredo added. \"I actually have to visit my grandmother on a regular arranged visiting at a home,\" Chen said. \"I have been holding it off for so long.\" \"I have a meeting to attend with Dean Yoo.\" Tawny said. \"Ah, still dating the commander through holo-messages?\" Peter asked. \"Peter!\" Tawny said. \"He is a Ex-NSEA commander! He is a dean of computer department at Starsearcher Academy these days.\" \"How come I never seen him?\" Peter asked. \"Not this again.\" Lazarus complained. \"You have stayed out of the computer department for fourteen years on other various subjects that I can't seem to remember,\" Tawny said. \"I only came here for a reunion not to lose my life over it.\" \"I get that part-\" Peter started to say only to be stopped by the Thermian with a Mak'Tar head. The small group came to a halt staring at the unusual Thermian. Chen raised an eyebrow looking over toward Lazarus. Laredo and Roc both observed, well more like scanned him, the Thermian from head to shoe. \"Sorry Quellek, my crew has the hibbie-jibbies because of the smuggled video. They are going back home.\" \"Not possible,\" Quellek said. \"Sarris is here. If we sent you out then Sarris would shoot projectile from the ship and logically kill you.\" \"That is logical.\" Lazarus said. \"You mean he is here, right now?\" Peter said. \"That sneaky son of a Meechan?\" \"He is not a Meechan.\" Quellek said. \"I have learned that when he says ' Son of a meechan ', it usually in place of ' Son of a bitch ' and is a condensed PG-13 phrase,\" Lazarus said. Quellek appeared to be puzzled. \"He is using slang.\" \"Ah, slang,\" Quellek said. \"A type of language that consists of words and phrases that are regarded as very informal, are more common in speech than writing, and are typically restricted to a particular context or group of people. Fascinating.\" \"Now, why does that sound so familiar?\" Laredo asked, his head turned in the direction of Lazarus. Peter went past Quellek heading to the command deck. \"Someone has to make sure he doesn't get the Protector destroyed, again.\" Lazarus said. Lazarus went after Peter. \"I have a bad feeling about this,\" Chen said. \"I will go to the most safest part of the ship. Engineering!\" Tawny, Laredo, and Roc followed after Lazarus. \"Actually, the safest part of the Protector II is the rec room.\" Quellek said, to no one in particular.[Chapter 11] The group walked into the command deck; Peter sat down into the chair, Laredo to his station, Lazarus to his familiar one that he noticed had the flat bottom unlike the rest of the crew members that had cushions (distractions were quite annoying for Mak'Tar) for them to be comfortable on. It has taken Lazarus years to appreciate the cushions (complete by buying furniture for his home) and now, he just finds himself rather comfortable sitting down on a flat distraction free surface. When T'Spol was a tot, she would wail and wail after being put on a flat surface such as a flat mattress until he put her on a small crib of spikes. She was out and fast asleep. It fascinated Lazarus how spikes were preferred even for Mak'Tar newborns. Sitting down on a flat cold surface could have made Lazarus smile. Pleased . Happy . Delighted . T'Spol didn't care about the distractions in the house long as her room was empty. Her closet was behind the wall that could be activated by a simple fingerprint. It felt crowded in his home. Distracting. Some humans would say that Lazarus was deliberately making himself feel 'unhappy' on Earth. His quarters half was empty and half had furniture on Earth. But what really made him happy for fourteen years? Raising his little sister. His little sister had developed friendships on Earth, some of those who were alien or human, and it was pleasing to see her grow up before his eyes. Pleasing to watch her be shaped by those around her. Pleasing to watch her understand figure of speech quicker than he does understanding it, mostly because she had friends along her adolescent years. Kindergarten, middle school, and high school. What did Lazarus do in those fourteen years when she wasn't around? Lazarus did a variety of activities that he prefers not to mention. But most of which were preparing to teach T'Spol about their culture and history. On the screen appeared Sarris. \"Ah,\" Sarris said. \"I see my assassin did not take you out, Commander Taggart. \" \"Why hello back to you,\" Peter said. \"I trust you are well. We airlocked your assassin out,\" Tawny and Lazarus look over toward Peter stunned that he had casually mentioned killing someone. \"Pretty dead.\" Sarris took out a stick with the head of a Fatu-Krey on top. Their attention returned to the screen. Tawny and Laredo's faces turned into disgust. Roc had his attention on the radar. They were currently on Zeta Frequency to have this discussion with Sarris. \"I took out my lieutenant for not raising the shields up on time,\" Sarris said. \"I hate having to retreat!\" He tossed the stick to the side with a grunt. \"I want the Omega-13.\" \"You see,\" Peter said. \"I cannot do that.\" He leaned forward, hands on the arm rest, eyes narrowed. \"It is not something you can pack into a box and hand over.\" He waved one hand in the air swaying it from side to side as he spoke. \"It is the most dangerous, perhaps lethal, weapon in the galaxy capable of eliminating the existence of every living being out there.\" He lowered his hand. \"It would not spare the one who has used it.\" \"And yet, you are still alive,\" Sarris said. \"Why bother installing it when it is dangerous?\" \"Someone had to make sure it didn't fall into the wrong hands.\" Peter said. \"I want the Omega 13,\" Sarris said. \"Or I am coming over and getting it over your dead body.\" Peter leaned back into the chair. \"No,\" Peter said. \"That you will not.\" \"I am a general!\" Sarris shouted. \"I am the leader of the Sarris Dominion!\" Peter sighed. \"Which sounds lame by all accounts.\" Sarris growled and his eyebrow twitched. \"I met aliens more badder than you who had their focus on species who were not severely below them constantly,\" Peter said. \"You are the worst and the lowest of the low. If you want to get Omega 13 then you getting only scrap metal. I will not, ever, allow you to get your hands on it. In fact if you tried then your hands would be destroyed and so would you.\" Peter put one elbow on the arm rest with one finger on the side of his temple glaring at the ugly green being. \"You can't get it out of the ship.\" \"I will get my way!\" Sarris shouted, his wings of doom spread out and his fangs were shown. Peter straightened himself lowering down his arm then looked over toward Tawny. \"Lieutenant.\" Peter said. \"Computer, end zeta communication.\" Tawny said. Sarris vanished from the screen into darkness. \"Zeta frequency has been terminated.\" The computer replied. \"First blow is always the first.\" Peter said. \"We got a missile coming!\" Roc shouted. \"Oh for pete's sake: fire at will!\" Peter shouted, clearly annoyed Sarris got the first blow. History started to unfold a lot like it did fourteen years ago. Peter had a strange sense of deja-vu, except, this time the generators were able to work and were not paralyzed. History will not repeat itself , Peter thought, not this time . He made the order to go into Thrust Drive. They had to get far as they could from Sarris. It had been years since he had been on a ship in thrust mode: his hands felt inclined to the arm rest, his legs felt stiff and numb, and his back was pressed against the back rest of the seat. The ship trembled. And then it tumbled right into the Tothian Mine field. Unfortunately the last missile from Sarris struck the command deck for the fifteenth time in a row but this time it injured Laredo. \"Hey, everyone, the ship is breaking apart and the generators can't take it. We have to get out of thrust mode.\" \"My arm!\" Came Laredo's high pitch girly scream from beside his station. Roc was terrified, to say for the least, and Lazarus was on the floor semiconscious. Tawny was unconscious with a bruise developing on her forehead. Peter saw only one option so he took it. The screen turned off to reveal the mine field. He quickly made it to Laredo's station that seemed to be half burned but still could pilot however the firing canons were immobilized. It was just his luck for this to happen on the Protector II . His hands wrapped around the handles and he carefully drove the ship through the field with the worst of luck. Long hard dents and scratches were created. He pressed the button that he had seen Laredo press and the thrust mode had stopped. It had enough power to get out of the field. \"Come on, old girl,\" Peter said. \"Don't fail on me now.\" He tilted the ship on its side carefully going through turning the handle as though it were a steering wheel straight out of the twenty-first century vehicle. Peter had one back on Earth that he occasionally drove when he was very, very bored. He was sweating, profusely, through his fingers. He actually pedalled to the metal meaning this was difficulty driving let alone sky diving from earth's atmosphere. And that sweating profusely happened to make his hands get slippery. Which leads to another logical event. He turned the ship forwards. One of the mines struck the ship sending it falling down into space. Peter saw they were in the clear, at least for now, and he heaved a sigh of relief. They should have a new rule on this ship. Rule number-what-ever-the-hell-it-is: under no condition does Commander Taggart fly a starship. The ship lost power in the thrusters. Peter looked over from the station. \"Everyone okay?\" Peter asked. \"My gills, they ache.\" Came Lazarus's voice as he propped himself up feeling dizzy and his vision somewhat blurry as a florescent light went off above him making a cackling sound. \"Oh my god,oh my god, oh my god!\" Roc said, speeding over to Laredo's aid. \"Are you okay, sweety?\" And in came the alarmed but otherwise fine Thermians. \"Thermians, get them to sick bay and treat their injuries,\" Peter said, earning a concerned look from Mathesar. \"I am fine. I did not strain myself.\" \"Might I remind yoou-\" Mathesar said, but Peter interrupted with a furrowed brow and his hand raised. \"Do not.\" Peter said.[Chapter 12] They learned the beryllium sphere needed to be replaced, needless to say. Lazarus recovered from his injury, Tawny didn't complain as she had her head injury treated, Roc was all over Laredo, Laredo's arm was repaired in thirty-two minutes by a machine wrapped around his arm applied by the Thermian medic Betzalar who claimed he will be fine in a hour and will not need the brace afterwards. Several of the decks needed to be repaired; which according to the computer would take three months otherwise it could still run and the cannons needed a system diagnostics. Chen and his engineering friends had found a planet nearby where they could find a beryllium sphere. Peter was heading to Surface Pod Launch Bay. \"Commander, I know what you are thinking and you are not going alone.\" Tawny came alongside the commander. \"It takes a whole village to roll a ball.\" \"And there are Bluechilds on that planet,very deceptive and childlike, carnivores,\" Lazarus added, coming to the other side of Peter. \"The worst of your problems is Goriknak the rock giant. The last time the Thermians went there they lost one of their own thanks to the rock giant.\" \"And you need someone to fly the surface pod down to the ground,\" Laredo said. \"No offense but you make a terrible pilot.\" \"Yes, about that-\" Peter started to say. \"Remember that one time you couldn't distinguish between a beryllium sphere and a ball of dinosaur poop?\" Chen interjected. \"I remember like it were yesterday.\" Tawny said. \"Oh my god, that sounds yucky.\" Roc said. \"Not my fault it looked like a beryllium sphere.\" Peter said. \"And someone has to make sure those blue children does not kill you.\" Roc said. \"It is Bluechild.\" Lazarus said. \"Whatever.\" Roc said. Peter came to the doors looking over toward his crew. \"You are not just going because the Thermians freak you out.\" Peter said. They shook their heads. \"Good, because I don't want to hear you complain about not staying on the ship.\" Peter said, turning his head away then stepped forward where the doors automatically opened. The doors opened to reveal several surface pods lined up alongside in rows but in specific was in the middle with the back end opened. A fresh smile with confidence appeared on Laredo. Quellek held a mapper, a device commonly used to collect and record information used by the NSEA members on the planets they explored. Lazarus recognized the device. He commonly used it when they were exploring new planets. It brought back warm and fuzzy feelings on some of the adventures Lazarus had been part of on the Protector . The mapper was a lot like a wide flip-phone. \"Cooomander!\" Mathesar said, lacking his twin. \"We have been waiting for yooou.\" Peter grinned coming over to the surface pod. \"Change of plans,\" Peter said. \"The crew is coming with me.\" \"Excellent.\" Mathesar said. \"Here is your mapper, Mr Lazzarrus.\" Quellek said, holding the mapper out. \"Quellek, it is nice of you say to my name in its proper wording but it is Lazarus.\" Lazarus said. \"I understand.\" Quellek handed the mapper to Lazarus then made the Vil'el hand sign which was the peace out sign in reality. Lazarus reciprocated as Laredo entered the Surface Pod as did Roc,Tawny, and Chen. Peter smiled shaking the hand of Mathesar reassuring the Thermian he will be fine long as he had his crew and his trusty plasma pistol. Lazarus lowered his hand then looked over to notice all but Peter had was his Vox not his plasma pistol. It was a empty holster, now why was it that? Lazarus recalled seeing Peter with his plasma pistol before the group of five had a meeting about Peter going alone. Peter might believe this might be a easy errand which is so not true. Which is a reason why Peter probably left his plasma pistol in his quarters. Which was a stupid idea. Lazarus entered the surface pod. \"How long has it been since you flew a surface pod, Laredo?\" Tawny asked. Laredo buckled himself in using the seatbelt looking over toward Tawny. \"Four years,\" Laredo said. \"Piloting a auto-pilot surface pod is easy,\" He flipped a switch activating the surface pod. \"Just like making cake.\" The thrusters powered up and the forcefield lifted up then the surface pod zipped through space. \"They will be back.\" Mathesar said, watching the surface pod become a distant dot heading toward the planet.[Chapter 13] \"I am gay,\" Laredo said, earning surprised looks from Tawny, Peter, and Chen. Lazarus seemed not to be surprised. \"And Roc is in a relationship with me.\" Roc sighed, with relief. \"I always thought you were attracted to women.\" Chen said. \"I was a kid back then,\" Laredo said. \"Liking others was still new to me.\" \"Oh like the cooties you got and handed to Ruthra,child ruler of Tolemac,\" Tawny said. \"Everyone had chicken pox by the time we were two days from the planet. You kissed her on the cheek!\" \"It was polite,\" Laredo said. \"Everyone kissed her hand, and she asked me to kiss her on the cheek.\" Roc raised an eyebrow. \"You gave a entire planet chicken pox?\" Roc asked. Laredo grimaced. \"I was ten,\" Laredo said. Roc lowered his eyebrow. \"And it was not a entire planet. It was a kingdom. Steampunk style, as was the sword. It was more so of a energy blade than solid metal.\" \"How come you never told me?\" Roc asked, sounding hurt. \"Well, sweetie, if you told me about that trip to that strip club before I discovered it myself!\" Laredo replied. \"How long have you two been in a relationship?\" Peter asked. \"Four years.\" Roc and Laredo replied. \"And you decided to tell us now on the way to a alien planet,\" Peter said. \"Couldn't you told us afterwards when we are not careening down toward the atmosphere-\" The surface pod shook from side to side during turbulence. \"LAREDO, TURN ON THE BREAKS!\" \"This doesn't have breaks!\" Laredo said as the alarms were going off. \"I am haunting you if I die,Peter.\" Lazarus said. \"Join the line, Lazarus.\" Peter replied, grabbing onto a handle. The surface pod landed on its backside. \"Upside down,\" Lazarus commented, then he added another comment with a sarcastic tone to it. \"How cheery.\" Peter unsnapped his seatbelt then landed on the flat circular ceiling back first. \"Wow,\" Peter said, rolling over to his side. \"That hurt.\" \"My shoulder.\" Laredo complained, clenching at his left shoulder. With a soft and low click, Chen fell out behind Peter. Chen got himself upright then went over to where the back end is then he pressed down a leveler. The flat end came out from the top extending forwards. Chen was the first out. Second came Peter. Third came Roc. Forth came Tawny. Fifth came Laredo. Sixth came Lazarus. Laredo had the landing gear activate before he went out. The group rolled the surface pod over with the legs of the machine extended. Lazarus flipped open the mapper and inputted what they needed to find. Peter had his hands on his knees catching his breath. \"First time is the charm.\" Laredo said. \"Rolling a surface pod.\" Roc said. \"You rolled a car.\" Laredo said. Peter straightened himself then went back into the surface pod. \"Totally accidental.\" Roc said. Peter took canteens of water handing them to the rest of the crew, except for him. Lazarus took the last canteen from Peter's left hand raising an arched eyebrow noticing the right hand was edging away from the inside of the canteen replicator. There was another canteen left behind in the replicator. It was shaped like a brown circular bowl with a lid on the top. Peter's hand slipped from the canteen then went to the array of buttons alongside the water replicator. The gray lid closed over the replicator. It was odd for Peter to not get one for himself. Humans are known to lose half their water when the sun is beating against their skin. Most of the water comes out in the form of sweat. Lazarus came out of the surface pod then handed the last to Roc. \"Thank you.\" Roc said, with the side of his hand bruised from the landing. Reptiles are capable of retaining their water, and Peter is well aware of Lazarus's biology. Peter came out as Lazarus looked down toward the mapper. Lazarus looked up from the mapper. \"This way.\" Lazarus said, going away from the shuttle. \"Lazarus, how far are we to the beryllium sphere?\" Laredo asked. \"Close.\" Lazarus replied. Laredo briefly closed his eyes with a sigh. \"Man, you said 'close' two hours ago!\" Laredo complained. \"That was one hour and fifty-three minutes ago.\" Lazarus said. Laredo took a look over toward Roc who was gulping down what water was inside the canteen then he closed it with a relieved sigh and a pleased facial expression. Laredo noticed that, unlike the rest of the crew, Peter refused any offers for water. Which was strange but something not surprising that a man with a ego would totally deny that he was thirsty. Then again, Peter might have more experience being in the sun for hours on end than he did before. Laredo looked over toward Lazarus with furrowed eyebrows. \"I do not want to spend a entire day searching for this sphere.\" Laredo said. \"Nor do I.\" Chen agreed. The group resumed their trek. However, a hard rugged edged object wrapped around Roc's right ankle then yanked him down toward the ground followed by a quick high pitched girly startled scream. Tawny turned around to see what was a series of rocks wrapped around Roc's ankle pulling him toward a dark hole. Laredo darted over toward Roc then took out his canteen and opened the lid throwing what remaining contents of the water at the rocks. The rocks unwrapped around Roc's ankle snaking away into the scenery of rocks, boulders, and pebbles. Roc scrambled up taking the hand of Laredo. Roc's face was purely that of terror. Roc took a couple steps back. \"DID YOU SEE THAT?\" Roc shouted. \"Why yes we did-\" Chen started to say but was cut off by Roc. \"That came out of no where like a rattle snake!\" Roc said. \"Rattle snakes commonly shake their rattles and they are noisy,\" Lazarus said. \"This is a in-correct comparison.\" \"Oh, a mining station!\" Tawny said, going after the direction of the mining. \"Mining station?\" Peter and Chen said at once, curiously going after Gwen as did Laredo. Roc stayed away from the rocks with eyes pried and as he did, the curled up splattered piece of rock moved among the rocky scenery. The first detail that Tawny noticed is that it appeared to be abandoned. Second, is that every metal at this site were covered in metal. Third detail that was noticed was that there were plenty of beryllium spheres all over the place. Chen's eyes boggled at the sight of so many beryllium spheres. Roc was raising a eyebrow at the suspiciously deserted scenery. Lazarus closed the mapper then put it into his pocket. \"Naturally forming metal balls on a planet that is seemingly deserted,\" Roc said. \"I don't buy it.\" \"Bluechild's are likely to be shy.\" Lazarus said. Roc lowered his eyebrow. \"What do Bluechild's look like, anyway?\" Chen asked. \"Blue children,\" Peter said, earning glances from everyone. \"It is only logical.\" \"We have one Mak'Tar,\" Tawny said. \"Do not tell me you are becoming a Mak'Tar.\" \"Some species are named after their appearance,\" Peter said. \"Like terminators, humans,dogs, elephants, dogs,cats.\" \"You do realize Terminators are not real,Commander.\" Tawny said. \"That is just a example, Lieutenant,\" Peter said. \"Oooh look, is that the bluechild?\" Tawny said, as a couple blue child like creatures come forward out of the hole. \"They look so cute.\" \"They are carnivores.\" Lazarus said. Tawny started to move forwards but Lazarus and Roc both brought her back. \"Just because of one species dispute does not mean they are really carnivores!\" Tawny said. Peter looked over. \"Oh, one of them is hurt.\" Peter said. Lazarus and Roc let go then they looked over to see what the commander was witnessing. The Bluechild were crowded around a water crate of some sort that had water falling forward and one of them was limping toward it. Tawny 'dawwed' at it seeing the reactions of the others who, by her personal opinion, \"Appeared to be helping the little one.\" Roc pinched the bridge of his nose. Chen looked over toward Tawny with a 'really?' kind of facial expression. Laredo watched with anticipation. Peter had a curious expression. Lazarus had a stoic yet otherwise a 'it is going to die.' look in his eyes knowingly. The injured Bluechild collapsed and the rest of the Bluechild crowd jumped on him, teeth out, eyes and hands prepared for a feast. \"Yuck!\" Tawny said as they went back behind the large rock. \"Next we know, there is going to be a hundred of them.\" Roc said. \"Don't be so melodramatic.\" Laredo said. \"Melodramatic?\" Roc repeated. \"This is the best mood I can bring up! You have told me several of your adventures with your family and they don't end pretty! Where there is one; there is a hundred, and why don't you have a plasma pistol, Commander? Oh god, do we have a insane man?\" Peter took him by the shoulders. \"Are you?\" \"Loosen up,\" Peter said. \"Or you are going back to the surface pod without back up. We are all afraid, right now, but can you run?\" Roc nodded. \"Can you run the miles we just went in under a hour?\" Peter asked. Roc nodded. \"Fantastic.\" Peter said, with a all too familiar grin letting go of Roc's shoulders. Tawny recognized that grin. That grin. \"Wait, what are you thinking of?\" Tawny asked. \"Tawny and Laredo, you be our watch out over there on the boulder overpass,\" Peter said. \"Chen,\" Chen raised his eyebrows. \"You and Roc will be over there,\" Peter pointed at a rocky passage way leading directly toward the distant gray dot, \"The more hands we get during the rolling, the better we are. Lazarus and I will start the rolling soon as the Bluechild's are out of the way. Tawny and Laredo, if you see the Bluechild's coming our direction; tell us through Vox.\" Tawny nodded. The group split up in pairs going different directions. \"Lazarus, I have something to tell you.\" Peter said. \"And what is that, Commander?\" Lazarus asked. \"I haven't told anyone this,\" Peter said, as they both hid behind a a large hover-like car being cautious and wary for the Bluechild. He looked over toward Lazarus. \"But the Thermians are still generating my new heart,\" Lazarus's eyes went wide. \"I currently have a heart brace. I only have half a heart.\" \"Half a heart is deadly,\" Lazarus said. \"A human cannot live without half an organ.\" \"Humans can live without one kidney.\" Peter said. \"A kidney?\" The two darted behind what seemed to be a tipped over crate. \"A kidney isn't much important as it is for your heart!\" Lazarus replied. \"Wait, is that why you have been drinking that strange liquid when we were eating?\" He looked at Peter with a expression of disbelief. \"What is it for, anyway?\" \"It helps the heart,\" Peter said. \"And it is a lot like water.\" Lazarus raised an eyebrow. \"Free flowing purple liquid moves like water,\" Lazarus said. \"Everyone says eating is good for the heart. But everyone is wrong. There is a specific reason why carbohydrate's can instigate heart attacks! The carbohydrates build up in various parts of the heart and prevent the heart from beating.\" \"It makes the heart more easier to beat, Lazarus,\" Peter said. \"It takes the strain of the heart brace and loosens the grip. Just so I wouldn't be in pain, and regular water will just get in the way.\" Lazarus stared at Peter, studying the human, and the Mak'Tar's facial expression turned into realization. \"It hurts you.\" Lazarus said. \"Precisely,\" Peter said. \"Had to find out the hard way before coming to Earth. Betzalar reassured me the regenerated heart will be completed by the end of the day.\" \"Then why did you fall into my arms?\" Lazarus asked. \"Betzalar told me there were some complications as the metal heart brace is the first of its kind,\" Peter said. \"Non-fetal side effects.\" Peter looked from the edge of the crate. There were not a sign of Bluechilds in the open, strangely, not even near the watering hole. \"I do not see the Bluechilds. Let's go.\" Peter and Lazarus darted toward the middle berllium sphere then they went to the back end and started rolling. There was a series of beeps from Peter's Vox. Peter took out his Vox, then said, \"Peter here.\" \"They are all over the place!\" Came Tawny's voice. \"Run!\" Peter closed his Vox then put it back on its holster. \"Faster!\" Peter said. They rolled the beryllium sphere back the clear flat path. Eventually the group of six regrouped. Lazarus said, \"Do not look back.\" Roc looked over away from the sphere then said, \"Oh my god.\" at the massive crowd of short child like aliens heading their direction. Roc turned away with a scream, \"ROLL THIS SUCKER!\" joining the rolling. We watch the rolling speed faster and faster away from the crowd. Eventually they made it to the surface pod changing their positions to the back end. However,due to the chaos that had unfolded, Peter was still at the back. He got onto the top ordering the doors be shut. One of the Bluechilds grabbed Peter by the ankles. Peter's grip on the cracks in the sphere loosened. It was that instant look of horror that washed upon Peter's face did Lazarus know that something had grabbed his ankles. As did Chen and Roc. Laredo and Tawny were already at the controls when Lazarus,Chen, and Roc grabbed Peter by the hands (and the wrist) but he was slipping from their grasp. Roc's grip on peter's wrist was broken. Chen's hand let go of Peter's left hand. And Lazarus was the last one to let go of Peter's right hand shouting, \"Captain!\" Lazarus sounded afraid, scared, and concerned for the human. But mostly scared of losing him. The doors closed behind Peter. Lazarus went over to the window as the surface pod flew into the sky. His hand landed on the window watching Peter's figure being held at the top of the crowd likely frightened and Lazarus's eyes glared down at the Bluechild's in contempt and anger. \"We will get him back.\" Lazarus said.[Chapter 14] The crowd of Bluechilds dropped Peter to the ground with a hard thud and Peter's eyes faced the sky where he could see the surface pod flying through the atmosphere. The metal crashed against his heart. Peter winced at the god horrifying pain the metal was making against what remained of his heart. Screwitscrewitscrewitscrewitscrewit screw Sarris , Peter thought, opening his eyes to see the figure of the surface pod vanishing out of sight. \"Ow.\" Peter clenched at his chest. They spoke in a strange tongue. Unfamiliar. Odd. Strange. They tilted their heads at him then shared glances. \"What are you staring at?\" Peter asked, as one of them looked over toward him with a smile. One of the Bluechilds picked up a rounded rough edged gray rock. \"Oh no,\" Peter said. \"Not that !\" And then they hit him at the head making his world go dark.[Chapter 15] Peter's eyes opened to the chanting of 'Goriknack'. He got up feeling a pain radiating from his head, his eyes adjusted to the brownish yellow scenery complete with a blue sky that lacked clouds. He could see the mountain ridges from all around. He could hear a faint beeping from his holster that was distinctive. Low melodic beeping. Peter rubbed the side of his head feeling a soft pinch of pain. He lowered his hand down to his line of sight. He could see there being dark red blood on his fingertips. \"Goriknack!\" \"Goriknack!\" \"Goriknack!\" \"Goriknack!\" Peter took out his Vox then flipped open. \"Lazarus, so what about Goriknack?\" Peter asked. \"It means rock in the Bluechild's language.\" Lazarus said \"Hold on, I am going to attempt digitizing you.\" Came Chen's voice. \"Sir, we have never used the digitize conveyor on anyone before.\" Came a alien male voice. Two years after the destruction of the original Protector , Peter was humiliated in some way. Though he never talked about it with anyone afterwards. Peter stepped back at seeing what seemed to be an alien pig with huge jaws and a small curly tail, jeeze, it almost looked like a cross between a hog and a pig packed into a hunched back dog. Peter's eyes widened. \"Hold on,\" Came Tawny's voice. \"How come you never mentioned this to us before?\" \"We used pods and surface pods,\" Oh, that sounded a lot like Neru. Peter zipped his jacket down then took it off. \"We planned to have tech sergeant Chen do a diagnostics and test run after this mess was over.\" \"You had many chances to tell me,\" Chen said. \"Including after the problem at engineering I had to solve.\" \"It wasn't important at the time.\" Neru said. Peter lowered the Vox striking at the pig with his jacket stepping back. \"Now it is!\" Peter said. \"Chen, digitize the pig somewhere on the planet. Anywhere but here!\" The beast lunged at his legs. \"Not the legs!\" He struck at the pig's forehead making the animal flinch. \"Torro!\" The pig stepped back showing the sharp fangs. \"Torro!\" Peter shook the jacket making it act as a tug of rope striking at the pig. \"Torro!\" Peter heard a sigh over the line. \"I know my jacket isn't red,\" The pig caught the jacket then shook it from side to side shredding it into pieces. \"Doctor Lazarus, but I have been dying to say that to a pig.\" \"Digitizing.\" Chen said. The pig vanished into thin air as it lunged back at Peter. There was dead silence, at first followed by what sounded like squealing, \"What's happening?\" \"The pig has made it to the ship-\" Neru said. \"Oh good.\" Peter said. \"But a bit inside out-\" Then Peter heard a sickening sound. \"And it exploded.\" \"It exploded?\" Peter said. \"Uh,\" Peter noticed the cheering had stopped. \"Maybe that pig was for entertainment.\" \"Logically, that is correct.\" Lazarus said. Peter watched the crowd of Bluechilds flee. He turned around to see a mass of rock taking on a purely gigantic humanoid form. \"Cheeen!\" Peter said. \"Digitize me!\" \"I can't do this!\" Chen said. \"She could kill him!\" His voice started to sound distant. \"She killed a pig!\" Peter heard the voices of Tawny,Roc, and Laredo become distant. \"Well, Peter,\" Lazarus said. \"It looks like Chen is out of the question.\" Peter lunged forward getting out of the Goriknak's path where a boulder was crushed by the sheer force it had. \"Advise me, doctor!\" Peter shouted into the Vox. The Goriknak turned toward Peter. \"It is a rock, perhaps it has weakness.\" Lazarus suggested. The ground trembled below the Goriknak's feet, so Peter did the most logical option: run. \"ROCKS DON'T HAVE VULNERABLE SPOTS.\" Peter reminded Lazarus. \"You should have taken some water.\" A thought crossed Peter's mind briefly, and he considered the idea looking over toward the towering rock beast that lacked eyes or a mouth. It was terrifying and both fun, at the same time for the forty-seven year old man. Peter gulped at the Goriknak then went down the rocky path running fast as his legs could carry him. He could feel the metal braces surrounding his heart, pumping blood through the body, and his thoughts were all over the place. I wonder if Lazarus will feel my death. Perhaps he will. He could sense my near-to-being-killed by Sarris's personal assassin. Am I going to die here? Am I going to die being crushed to death by a rock monster? Am I going to die on a sandy planet? He was sweating, profusely. Damn, I always knew I was going to die alone. Let alone nearly drowning as a kid at a lake in Iowa while everyone was distracted if not for my big brother John Thomas Taggart. His heart expanded pressing against one of the fine sharp points to the heart brace. It pierced in to the side of his heart. I forgot to call mom about- Suddenly Peter collapsed to the ground his Vox still in his right hand. His eyes were open eerily staring at the direction of his hand that held the Vox. The Bluechilds looked over their protective hide outs. Some of them appeared to be disappointed that the human had become unresponsive during the chase. A few of them appeared to be concerned. A few were unsure, really, why the human had stopped. One of them smacked their hands on a small wide rock getting a cut on the side of their hand. The rock monster stopped in its path, scratching its head, looking around. Lazarus gripped on the metal sides to the digital conveyor console with a sharp gasp, his fingers clenching into the metal. \"Peter!\" Lazarus shouted. \"Are you there? Answer me! Peter!\" The rock monster turned away. \"If I do it, I will kill him!\" Chen protested. The rock monster started to walk away from Peter's body. \"You are the best tech sergeant we know,\" Laredo said. \"You wouldn't be on the Protector because you didn't know your stuff and trusted the machines to do their job.\" \"This is not NSEA certified technology.\" Lazarus said, casually. \"Not helping!\" Tawny said. Lazarus closed his eyes and prayed to Grabthar that he was wrong at first. Grabthar , Lazarus prayed, Please let me be wrong . Lazarys could not sense the psychic bond he shared with Peter. If Commander Peter Quincy Taggart dies today then nothing will ever be the same. If Peter is dead, allow him to entreat your heaven and live without ailment or pain, peacefully. If Peter is dead, I will be unpleased. I will avenge him! I will give it a go at Goriknak if I have to. Lazarus looked over toward the sizzling screen feeling a tear come down the side of his cheek. Bring him back to me. His eyes closed. Please. The tear landed on the screen. Peter's remaining heart deflated to its original size a bit with a hole that miraculously was getting filled up. The darkness in Peter's eyes faded. There was a certain brightness that began to return. The rock monster was fifteen feet away when he heard the sound of a shoe sliding against the ground. Goriknak turned in the direction of the sources sound. The screen on the digital conveyor returned. \"Did I hear a child crying?\" Came Peter's voice. Lazarus's eyes opened and his grip in the metal loosened, there was a look of surprise, delight,and overall a look of sincere happiness on his face. \"Peter!\" Lazarus shouted, a little too loudly. Peter looked over his shoulder to see the Goriknak running his direction. \"It is still coming after me!\" Peter shouted. Peter weighed his options, running or either collapsing again. \"Fascinating.\" Lazarus said. \"I am all ears, Lazarus!\" Peter said. \"Throw a rock, any rock,\" Lazarus said. \"And do not strain yourself. Stand still.\" Peter picked up a couple of rocks then gave them a good throw one by one. One of them hit the remains of a hover car breaking into the glass. There were what seemed to be Bluechild's inside the car, their eyes widening in horror, and two of them grabbed at the handles to the doors trying to bust them open. Three of the bluechilds banged on the window shield that apparently was bullet proof. The Goriknak smashed his rocky fists into the car through the roof where screams were heard inside. Goriknak did this numerous times until the hover car was flattened to the ground and the screams had ceased. His wrist was covered in green blood. Peter picked up another rock then tossed it into the distance. The Goriknak went after the direction of the rock where it collided with a behemoth of rocks making quite the tumble. \"Yes!\" Peter said. \"Now one of you digitize me up from this wasteland!\" There was a pause. \"I do not know how to operate the machine.\" Lazarus said. Peter sighed, his eyes wincing with much pain. \"Cheeeen!\" Peter said. The rocks started to move from the planet surface taking shape on the surface. \"Yes?\" Chen asked, sounding far from the active Vox. \"You are the best man in the NSEA who can pinpoint a moving figure no matter the situation.\" Peter said. \"But that was with THE Protector ! This is a knock-off!\" Chen said. \"Respectfully, she may have the looks and the equipment of the original, but the will to beam aboard a living being such as you?\" Peter watched the rocks start to come up. \"No disrespects, Commander,but I like the original much better. I could kill you! She could kill you!\" \"I don't understand,\" Peter said, as Goriknak stood up flexing his hands out. \"I am not moving, I-\" He stopped mid-sentence, eyes wide, his mouth gaping. \"Oh no.\" It was logical. Totally logical other than sound being a form of weakness to the rock monster. \"My heart.\" From the Goriknak's perspective, it could hear the heartbeat to Peter's heartbeat like a heart on adrenaline going, th-thump tha-thump . It started to form through the cracks the shape of a smile. Peter's hand clenched around the Vox. The hair on the back of his neck went up. Goosebumps went down his arms. He could feel certain doom upon him. \"Chen!\" Peter shouted. \"This is based off the original Digital conveyor! She has had her faults, remember the one time where Doctor Lazarus came back as a guy with black hair, pointy ears, blue uniform, and he was still our Lazarus? That time I was also different. Blonde hair and yellow shirt. We were still us in different bodies!\" He just stood there feeling the ground tremble. \"And you found the time to save our butts-\" The Goriknak tossed him against a rocky wall. \"By replicating the situation and bringing us to our rightful bodies.\" Jim finished with a cough. Tremble . Tremble . Tremble . \"I remember that day clearly,\" Laredo said. \"Those eyebrows.\" He snickered. \"Man. Those slanted eyebrows.\" \"Yes, yes, yes I remember it,\" Chen said. \"But this is nothing like it, captain.\" He shook his right hand swaying it from side to side. \"It was hurting the doctor to experience emotion and you just looked unnatural in that young man's body. It was like being stuck in a paradoxical Protector with us and a different leading body.\" \"The digital conveyor is based on the original!\" Peter said. \"She brought us back, intact-\" \"What about the time you were brought into the mirror universe?\" Chen asked, now sounding closer. \"Well, that's different!\" Peter replied, now upside down being held by the Goriknak. \"Chen, I know you, you can do this.\" The Goriknak swung Peter in the air. \"If I am going to die, then at least let me die by one of my best man trying to save my life.\" There was a sob heard coming from Chen. \"Dying by the Goriknak? Now that is horrible. I rather die inside out than being crushed to death!\" Peter was tossed through a glass window to what once was a green house. \"Ow,\" Peter said, turning over. \"And as I was saying. You can do it!\" Chen sounded as though he were saying, \"She killed a pig, captain. Not me.\" in defense. Peter ran through the doorway then looked over his shoulder to see rock monster crashing through leaving a wreckage being a mess of vines, pottery, and glass. \"She can do it! I believe in the Protector II !\" He ran out of the doorway heading to the tipped over hover-jeep. \"She may not be our Protector , but she is the Protector 's daughter.\" \"The old girl's daughter?\" Chen said. \"Yes!\" Peter said. \"You love the ship to death and if she is her daughter, then well, we are in luck! She has the Protector 's luck. You pulled us out of the tightest situations. You got us home safe and sound. You installed the Omega 13. Frankly, what you do for the rest of us is the kind where you get a medal. I don't know how you can stand me breaking some of the machines and still go around to fix them every time. She adores you. You adore her back. Perhaps the old ship is all around us . . . After all, she is the Protector . Our Protector . Just brand new. One to digitize!\" The Goriknak was fast approaching Peter. \"Preparing to digitize.\" Chen said. Peter prepared to shield himself for the oncoming fist. However, his figure began to break apart pixel by pixel in a shade of blue. He almost looked like a video game character being downloaded into a data like screen where animators played around with the characters. The Goriknak's fist goes through the digitizing figure landing where Peter had once been. The Goriknak raised an rocky eyebrow staring down at what had been there. The Goriknak was left with a environment with plenty of vibrations, movement, really.[Chapter 16] Apparent doom did not come. Instead Peter opened his eyes to see his crew headed toward him. Lazarus was the one happier among the group. The floor was caked by disgusting insides and outsides to a pig complete with a few sets of fangs on the consoles. One of the fangs was on Neru's shoulder. They all had big smiles on their faces. Chen patted on the console, his shoulders relaxing, and his face generally showed relief while he was drenched in sweat. Tawny was the first to bring Peter into a hug. \"And you didn't get your shirt torn off.\" Tawny said, jokingly. \"Don't insult the shirt.\" Peter said in a not-so-serious-tone, earning a laugh from Tawny and half of the others except for Roc. Peter ended the hug. \"Welcome back, Commander.\" Neru said, as Peter hugged Lazarus. \"Its good to be alive.\" Peter said. Lazarus tightly hugged Peter. Thank you, Grabthar, Lazarus mentally thanked one of his gods. There is Mokthar (which is like Mak'Tar's version of Jesus) and Ipthar (spouse of Mokthar). Grabthar is the creator of the Mak'Tar gods, one with a hammer. The Lucifer to the Mak'Tar gods was Hellthar. To Terran outsiders, Mak'Tars had a million gods but in reality they had a few. Not many people knew the complete list of Mak'Tar gods except for Peter, T'Spol, and Lazarus. Speaking of T'Spol, she is currently residing on Earth headed to school at the moment. T'Spol knows how to cook the easy dinners as it was not the first time Lazarus had been out so last night wasn't much of a problem. It was a easy dinner but it didn't taste as good as Lazarus made it. He would cook the Kep-Mok for an hour, then four minutes before it was served, for her favorite dish, he would dump in a packet of cheese. It would normally take a few stir, two to three minutes to settle, then he would serve it in a bowl. Normally Kep-Mok bloodtick soup was hot and full of water filled in insects (and sometimes he spiced the serving with meatballs that made it even more delicious in her own opinion) placed on top a plate. T'Spol cooked for thirty-five minutes. \"Hey Lazarus, you can let go of me now.\" Peter said. Lazarus's grip on Peter broke and the hug ended there as Lazarus stepped aside. \"That was the longest hug I have ever seen between you two,\" Laredo said. \"Ever. In a long time.\" \"Easily fifteen Mississippi's.\" Roc said. \"You got it right, bro.\" Laredo said. Roc and Laredo had a fist bump. \"Okay, Neru,\" Peter said. \"We can go back home send and send you back to your home planet-\" The look on Neru's face turned into a saddened one. \"It is not even a long goodbye.\" \"We do not have a home planet,\" Neru said. \"Sarris destroyed Thermia after we ditched him. We are all that is left.\" \"Four hundred. . .\" Chen said, horrified. \"I don't know about you, Commander, but they could go extinct!\" \"On the edge of extinction,\" Lazarus said. \"Sergeant.\" \"I am so sorry,Neru,\" Peter said, as his shoulders sulked. \"I am so sorry.\" \"Don't be,\" Neru said. \"We have you.\" The doors opened to reveal a group of Fatu-Krey holding disruptor pistols in their hands, fingers wrapped around the triggers, and they did not pay attention to the room covered in intestinal/inside body parts. The few Thermians who were in there had stopped in their tracks apparently afraid and frozen in fear. Neru had the same reaction. One of the Fatu-Krey that stood out had a black eyepatch covering his left eye while his left arm seemed to be replaced by a metal cyborg body part. \"Commander Taggart,\" Lieutenant Kancar said. \"My general would like to speak with you.\" His men raised their pistols up. He turned his head in the direction of the other crew members. \"Raise your hands up and do not move.\" His eyes landed on the Thermians. \"You will be taken to your barracks where you will face your punishment for attacking us. General's orders.\" Peter looked over toward the rest of his crew who seemed to be at once: panicked, afraid, and concerned. \"Don't be afraid,\" Peter said. \"We will get out of this,\" earning scowls and at least on hopeful look. Then Peter turned in the direction of Kancar with a serious demeanor. \"Take me to your leader.\"[Chapter 17] Tawny paced back and forth in the wide cell, her arms folded, and her facial expression was that of worry. Laredo and Roc were situated together on the same bench holding hands. Lazarus was standing still, his eyes on the wall lost in thought. Chen was just Chen, standing there, sweat free. Chen's fingers were fidgeting. \"It has been thirty-two minutes,\" Tawny said. \"And he has not come back.\" \"Is this what it feels when you and the Commander are stuck in a cell?\" Chen asked. \"A majority of the time I chose to block out my feelings and focus on the problem,\" Lazarus said. \"I feel nothing.\" Laredo gasped, mostly in shock and validation. \"So you do feel.\" Laredo said. Lazarus raised an arched eyebrow then he lowered it down. \"Mak'Tars do not need to rely on emotion,\" Lazarus said. \"It is illogical.\" \"For once, I want to hear that Mak'Tar's rely on emotions,\" Laredo said. \"You hugged the Commander for five minutes ! The Commander is the only person in the entire universe who makes you smile. And I saw you smile, that is rare coming from you, and you were happy .\" Laredo stood up letting go of Roc's hand then approached the Mak'Tar. \"I have known you for four years, Doctor!\" Laredo shook his index finger at the older man. \"In those years you have totally gone against your own saying 'Mak'Tars are emotionless'. I theorize that emotions is your greatest weapon and your kind have restrained them to be used wisely hence becoming their strength. Now that part: I do understand,Doctor Lazarus.\" Laredo nodded. \"So you are not fooling me about lacking emotions.\" Lazarus raised an arched eyebrow. \"What if you were right?\" Lazarus suggested. Peter was strapped to a table, barely lucid, his hand covered in burns, and his eyes winced. \"The Commander. . .\" Sarris said, walking alongside the man strapped to the table with forearms burned. \"The one Mathesar talks so highly of,\" His fingers trail alongside a rounded button with a keyhole in the center. \"I wonder how he will react to the commander being strapped to a table just like him?\" Peter's eyes became widened in fear and horror. \"His injuries are more thorough than yours.\" Peter's hands clenched into fists. \"What did you do to him?\" Peter asked. Sarris grinned. \"What I had to do while you were away,\" Sarris said. \"You make them think that they can get away from me. But they can't. I will always find them.\" \"You make them sound like they are game.\" Peter said, in disgust. \"They were always my hunt from the beginning,\" Sarris said. \"Bickering politicians, naive, and so innocent.\" He rubbed his fingers together. \"They were on the verge of becoming corrupted and pointless devastation, so I did the Thermians a favor by striking first.\" His menacing voice matched his demeanor as Sarris held up his fist while the other was on the torture device. \"Their women make quite the sex slaves.\" \"And you destroyed their home planet?\" Peter said. \"Half of it was left: enough of them survived to be my miners.\" Sarris said. \"Slave miners.\" Peter said, feeling disgust in his throat. Sarris smiled lowering his fist down. \"Of course.\" Sarris said. Peter looked up toward Sarris, his eyes narrowed, and his eyebrows laced together. \"Doesn't that strike you as wrong?\" Peter said. \"No,\" Sarris said as the look of disgust is replaced by horror on Peter's face. \"But I am prepared to do what I should have done in the beginning.\" \"No!\" Peter said. \"I can always get more of my sex slaves.\" Sarris said. \"Don't you understand? There will be another civilization that will rebel against you,\" Peter said. \"They will find their heroes, they will ask for help, and there will be another group just like my crew and a person like me! Kill the Thermians . . . . and NSEA will be hot on your tail.\" \"You do realize they don't have powerful ships anymore.\" Sarris said. \"Yes. They. Do.\" Peter said. \"You expect me to believe the man who destroyed the powerful ship in the entire galaxy is assured that NSEA built another.\" Sarris said. \"It is the truth.\" Peter said. \"The truth is always hard to believe, and I just do not expect you to be telling the truth so easily,\" Sarris said. \"Pain level: ten.\" There was a whir of clicks. \"Burn level: eight.\" There was a beep. \"Location. . . .\" Sarris grew a sadistic smile. \"In the torso.\" Peter looked over toward Sarris in horror. The machine had a soft beep and Sarris placed his fingers on the raised elevated surface then he pushed it down. Lazarus collapsed to the ground landing on his side \"Lazarus!\" Tawny came to his side. \"What is wrong?\" Lazarus could feel the hot burning pain in his chest. \"My chest!\" Lazarus said. \"It burns!\" Lazarus's eyes closed as he could feel another frenzy of burns on his chest. He could hear the sound of a zipper being pulled down and the panicked voices of the others. \"I don't see any burns.\" Tawny said, sounding confused. \"Maybe he is burning by the inside!\" Roc suggested. \"There would be signs if his blood was boiling,Roc.\" Laredo said. \"Internal Human Combustion is rare but not unheard of. If he were burning by the inside then there would be designs of burn marks all over his chest rippling and shredding like paper in a fireplace.\" Lazarus could hear a familiar scream that was not his own. A shred of pain rippled through Lazarus's chest. He could feel the stress in what remained of his heart-wait, he had his heart intact. This is not his heart. This is not his own pain he is experiencing. His eyes squeezed. He could feel horror, fear, and anger. Those were not his emotions. It became painfully obvious that Sarris is torturing his close friend. \"It is coming from Peter!\" Lazarus shouted. \"By Grabthar's hammer, this is horrifying . . .\" Lazarus blacked out due to the sensory overload. \"Lazarus . . .\" He heard Tawny's voice before sound became mute. Peter's eyes adjusted to the scenery feeling pain and anger. He could see a limping figure being brought in with a slightly taller figure. The white light contrasted behind their figures. His eyes squinted to see there being a pretty banged up Mathesar aided by his brother Martinsar with a right black eye. How dare Sarris do this! Mathesar appeared to be in a good deal of pain but the look on his face brightened up a thousand watts. \"Cooommander!\" Mathesar said. Peter cleared his throat. \"Mathesar. . .\" Peter said. \"I am so sorry.\" Mathesar looked over toward Sarris. \"What have yoou dooone tooo him?\" Mathesar asked. \"It is what he has done to himself,\" Sarris said. \"Your idol is weak. Pathetic. He is not invincible.\" \"Yooou have hurt him.\" Mathesar said. \"And what are you going to do about it?\" Sarris asked, glaring down upon the shorter Thermian. \"Oh,\" A grin spread on Sarris's face. \"Right,\" He stepped back from Mathesar and Martinsar. \" Die .\" \"We will never give up! We will never surrender tooo yoou,\" Mathesar said. \"And we will haunt yooou froom the grave. I curse yooou with oooour dead, may yooou never find happiness: we never fooorgive, never fooorget.\" \"You are just saying that to be brave.\" Sarris said. \"Our historical documents show this is a wise choose,\" Mathesar said. \"The undead will cooome back after we die.\" \"It is true.\" Martinsar added. Sarris had a laugh. \"Take them back to their barracks.\" Sarris said. Martinsar shot Sarris a dirty look as the ugly pair of Fatu-Krey ushed them out as Mathasar declared, \"Never give up! Never surrrreeender!\" \"Sure you are okay, Lazarus?\" Tawny asked, as Lazarus got off the bed. \"You have been out for two hours.\" \"The pain is no longer a bother,\" Lazarus said, zipping up the jacket. \"For the torture has ended.\" \"Wait, they tortured the commander?\" Roc asked, sounding afraid. Lazarys nodded. \"Oh god.\" Laredo said, in disgust. \"I am getting sick.\" Chen said, stepping back. \"How is it that you feel the commander's pain?\" Tawny raised an eyebrow. \"We have a psychic connection,\" Lazarus said. \"I believed it had snapped or faded long ago. But apparently, much to my discovery, it has not.\" Tawny raised the other eyebrow. \"It is rare to come by with beings that are not Mak'Tar. One in a million.\" Tawny lowered her eyebrows. \"Interesting,\" Tawny said. \"And when were you ever going to tell us this?\" \"I at one point tried to dissolve the psychic connection,\" Lazarus said. \" I failed .\" \"Oh, oh, oh, what happened?\" Roc asked. \"I fainted,\" Lazarus said. \"It was straining. Required mental discipline and complete focus. Even with the focus I had: it was useless.\" \"So why did you try to 'dissolve' it, doctor?\" Laredo asked. \"Please, I am not a doctor.\" Lazarus said. \"Why did you try to dissolve it, Lazarus?\" Tawny asked. \"There are chances it can bind the commander and I as a item,\" Lazarus said. \"Becoming the equivalent to the human marriage.\" Their eyes widened. \"That is why I had tried to spare the commander of what could hurt him if I die . . . he will feel it and he will die in pain without the proper mental treatment.\" Chen stepped forward. \"It has become a marriage bond,\" Chen said, rubbing his chin. \"Is that it?\" Lazarus did not respond. \"The commander does not know.\" Laredo said, in shock. Tawny's jaw went slack as she read Lazarus's face. \"YOU ARE ALREADY MARRIED TO THE COMMANDER AND YOU HAVEN'T TOLD HIM?\" Tawny's voice had become loud. Lazarus sighed. \"I did not expect it to happen yesterday,\" Lazarus said. \"The marriage bond makes Mak'Tar care more about the other partner than before. Pain is more noticeable and sensitive to the Mak'Tar on the other end of the connection.\" \"You have to tell him.\" Tawny said. Lazarus raised an arched eyebrow. \"When?\" Lazarus asked, looking back at Tawny. \"After this.\" Tawny said. Lazarus lowered his arched eyebrow. \"The chances are rapidly declining of our survival,\" Lazarus said. \"The longer we are here. . . the higher chance we will die grisly.\" \"Well then,\" Tawny said. \"This is the Protector II. The chances of dying are against us surviving this. You know when we got into a tight spot? We would overcome it. Always. Perhaps the commander is formulating a plan right now.\" \"I doubt that,\" Chen said. \"After being tortured for so long . . . A tortured man would be clinging to hope.\" \"If he cannot live, we will have to save ourselves,\" Roc said. \"It is only reasonable.\" \"It is correct.\" Lazarus said. The doors opened to reveal a pair of Fatu-Krey holding disruptor pistols. \"You five, come with us,\" The first Fatu-Krey said. \"Sarris wants you to see your leader.\" Peter . Fifteen minutes later, they came in to see their commander had burns along his neck, his forearms, and his hands. His shirt at the chest had been rounded holes. A thought entered the man's head. Peter . Dread. Worry. Fear. Anger. That was not the only emotion. It was anguish. His eyes opened to see a familiar scenery. Peter could see the looks of concern plastared on everyone's faces. The crew reluctantly came into the room. \"This is your 'prized' commander,\" Sarris said. \"The one who refuses to give me the Omega 13 over your lives.\" \"L. . . Lia . . . \" Peter said. \"Liar!\" Sarris pressed a button sending electricity through Peter's body. \"Stop it!\" Tawny demanded, stepping forward. The two Fatu-Krey stopped Tawny from going any further toward Sarris by getting in the way. \"I am just finishing, darling,\" Sarris said. \"You would be next, but. . .\" A grin spread on Sarris face. \"I want your crew to see why they have failed at this. Request historical documents to be turned on, Lieutenant.\" Tawny looked over toward Peter, frightened and confused. \"Do it.\" Peter said. Tawnt turned her head away. \"Computer,\" Tawny said. \"Turn on historical documents.\" The crew watched a image of the NSEA Protector go through the screen along with the text 'Galaxy Quest' followed by theme music. \"That's my girl!\" Chen said. \"The Protector .\" Laredo said, feeling a rush of emotions. The first to appear was a image of younger Peter brushing through his hair then a line of white text appeared below reading 'AS COMMANDER PETER QUINCY TAGGERT'. \"There is no 'E' in Taggart.\" Lazarus noted. The whole music played out showing, genuine look alikes, doing what the Protector crew did in their past. Laredo's jaw dropped seeing a nine year old version of himself at the helm-station. Chen saw his younger self with make up on and he genuinely said, \"I did not wear make-up back then.\" Tawny saw herself flip over a attacking opponent then do a self defense pose. Lazarus saw himself look at the camera raising a arched eyebrow (as did he). Then came the last scene of the Protector darting off into the next galaxy as it seemed. At the end came the credits: JASON NESMITH AS PETER QUINCY TAGGERT, ALEXANDER DANE AS DR LAZARUS, GWEN DEMARCO AS LIEUTENANT TAWNY MADISON, FRED KWAN AS SERGEANT CHEN, AND TOMMY WEBBER AS LIEUTENANT LAREDO. \"I came across this while playing torture with your so-called-commander,\" Sarris said. \"You are all fakes.\" \"How dare you say that about us,\" Lazarus said. \"I am a Mak'Tar. You are saying I am a human which I am not. Your logic is invalid as this document is not from our given universe.\" \"Fakes!\" Sarris repeated. \"The Thermians should know their efforts are in vain. Their heroes are liars!\" Laredo and Chen flinched. Sarris laughed. \"You have done more damage than I can ever could do to them.\" He came alongside the strapped commander with eyes intent on the man. \"You are not even a commander ,Jason Nesmith of Planet Earth,\" His hands felt along for the electrical shocker. \"You are all actors .\" Laredo's hands had become fists. Roc took Laredo by the shoulder stopping him from going any further. Lazarus and Chen did not seem to be happy, as did Tawny. \"We are real as you are,\" Gwen said. \"So do not accuse us of lying about our identity. We never knew about these historical documents until now!\" \"They are not historical documents,\" Sarris said. \"They are episodes. All of your heroic actions are based on low-life villains who were not as smart as I, and this time, you will not succeed. For I will win.\" He looked over toward Peter. \"Say goodbye to your castmates, Jason.\" Peter clenched his jaw and his hands had become fists. \"And last words you have?\" \"My name. . . My name is Peter Quincy Taggart,\" Peter said. \"Never surrender! Never give up!\" \"Send them to the air lock,\" Sarris said. \"Commander, watch the Thermians suffocate.\" Lazarus looked over toward the screen showing the oxygen being taken out of the barracks. Tawny gasped when she saw Mathesar slumped against the wall, barely breathing, along with his brother. \"You will be the last to go, Jason. I will make sure of it. Self-destruct will be very soon.\" Tawny looked over in the direction of Peter with horror on her face as the two guards began to guide them out. She could see the faintest of all smirks on Peter's face, almost as though . . . He knew they were going to stop it. There was that bold and defiant look in his eyes. That smirk faded when Sarris looked over toward Peter and the doors had closed behind.[Chapter 18] \"Doctor Lazarus, how does it feel to leave your little sister parentless?\" Tawny asked. \"Shut up.\" Lazarus said. \"She is going to go through life without ever knowing why her brother never came back.\" Tawny said. \"Shut up.\" Lazarus said. They came into the room where the cargo bay is air-locked and everything inside is thrown out. Chen,Laredo,and Roc remained in the background as the argument escalating fight separated Tawny and Lazarus away. The two guards put distance between the others and the two. It was odd for Lieutenant Tawny to be picking a fight with Lazarus. \"You can't retire being a doctor,\" Tawny said. \"Doctors save people. Like how you can't save the commanders life!\" \"Shut. up.\" Lazarus repeated. \"Grabthar would be disappointed, as would Apollo, and you know what . . . I knew you had it out for Peter all this time!\" Tawny shook her hand at the Mak'Tar. \"You emotionless green skinned asshole!\" Lazarus turned his head toward Tawny. \"You narcissistic bitch!\" Lazarus shouted back in rage. Pure blooded rage. Tawny's hand balled up into a fist. Tawny was the first one to throw the punch at Lazarus's face rather than a slap. Chen gasped covering his mouth. Laredo covered his eyes. Roc brought Laredo close with eyes wide staring at the two fighting friends who normally did not fight. The two guards brought them into the room that was the air-lock. Lazarus threw the next punch at Tawny's face. They both had some good punches at one another. Tawny stood up, the side of her forehead bruised from the fall hours ago and a black eye developing on her left eye. Lazarus's fist started to go toward Tawny's direction but then it crashed into the face of the alien guard to her left. Tawny took out the other guard swiftly with a kick straight to the face. Lazarus and Tawny got out of the room then Chen pressed a button on the console hooked into the wall and then another. The doors closed on the two guards as they started to get up on their feet. The supporting wall behind them slid right up. Their faces were priceless as the suction of outer space started to drag them out. The barrels, of course, followed soon afterwards. Their bodies were coated in green icicles as they fell out of sight. \"Narcissistic bitch?\" Tawny asked. \"Is that the best you could come up with?\" \"My skin does not turn green,\" Lazarus said. \"I would have argued with your assessment but you were busy provoking me. It became clear that you were planning on ejecting them out of the ship after the green skinned insult.\" A smile spread on Tawny's face. \"I came to the conclusion that you had a plan. And you had a logical reason to attempt insulting me.\" \"You got quite the arm there throwing punches.\" Tawny said. \"My father,Luchien, taught me.\" Lazarus said. Tawny raised an eyebrow. \"Oh really?\" Tawny asked. \"My other father, a human, was insulted at school during my childhood.\" Lazarus said. Tawny lowered her eyebrow. \"Why am I not surprised you were born from a gay couple?\" Tawny asked. \"Because our biology suits us to deliver our siblings at a later hormonal date and we are built to deliver, no matter our genders.\" Lazarus said. \"Damn, your entire family is wired different!\" Tawny said. \"Thank you.\" Lazarus said. \"So, what, is there a chance your sister is gay too?\" Tawny asked. Lazarus nodded. \"Affirmative,\" Lazarus said. \"She has already come out to me as bisexual.\" Tawny appeared to be surprised lowering her eyebrow. \"Nice punches.\" Tawny said. A nice shade of green appeared below Lazarus's eyes on the cheeks. \"No need to compliment me.\" Lazarus said, shaking his hand. \"We got a ship and a whole species to rescue!\" Chen said. Lazarus nodded. \"Computer, stop self-destruction.\" Tawny said. \"Negative,\" The computer replied. \"There is a over-ride in place.\" \"Damn it.\" Tawny said. And the group left the room. \"Nice fight.\" Roc said, following.[Chapter 19] They made it to the room Peter was held in. \"About time you showed up,\" Peter said, noticing the long-looking expression on Tawny's face. \"Let me guess: override?\" \"Yes, commander.\" Tawny said. \"Damn,\" Peter said. \"We'll just have to do it manually.\" Chen and Laredo worked on the binds wrapped around Peter's wrists, while Roc removed the binds around Peter's ankles. Peter had a sigh of relief once the straps were off. Peter got himself upright wincing his eyes feeling pain at his burned arms, wrist, and chest. The pain was disturbing but tolerable. He opened his eyes to see his crew were mere figures of blurs but the distinctive colors made it easy to tell who was who. Peter felt a hand place itself on his shoulder, steadying him. For some reason Peter knew it was Lazarus. \"Tawny and Lazarus, go stop the self destruction,\" Peter said. \"Laredo, you must practice driving a starship.\" Laredo sighed. \"Chen and Laredo, you are bringing oxygen back into those barracks. Me? Well, I need time to rest on this.\" He briefly closed his eyes feeling tired. \"And some burn treatments.\" \"Commander,\" Lazarus said. \"It was Lieutenant Tawny's idea.\" Peter smiled toward Tawny. \"You should really get a promotion one of these days, Lieutenant.\" Peter said. Lazarus took his hand off Peter's shoulder. \"Let's go.\" Tawny said. \"I will take him to the medical quarters.\" Lazarus said. The group split up leaving Lazarus and Peter behind. Lazarus helped up Peter. \"Lazarus. . .\" Peter said. \"Fourteen years ago. . . I used the Omega 13.\" \"But you never did.\" Lazarus said. \"If I had not given up and surrendered, we would have all died,\" Peter said. \"I chose my crew over my ship.\" They came out of the room together. \"Lazarus. . . I used the machine eight hundred times.\" \"Eight hundred times?\" Lazarus asked, raising an eyebrow. \"Of all the ways I could attempt to save my crews lives,\" Peter said. \"It didn't hit home until you died .\" \"Peter. . .\" Lazarus said. \"You surrendered to save our lives. You did use Omega 13. You were hurt from what you did.\" He propped the commander against the wall, his hands clenched around the man's shoulder, his eyes appearing to be concerned toward the human. \"I understand now. You were feeling guilty then and you have forgiven yourself.\" His hands clenched around Peter's shoulder. \"Peter, remember the psychic bond?\" \"I do.\" Peter said. \"Well,\" Lazarus said. \"As of yesterday, it has turned into a marriage bond.\" Peter's jaw dropped. \"We are officially married under Mak'Tar law.\" \"How. . . shocking,\" Peter's vision became blurred. \"Hey,\" Peter looked over toward Lazarus. \"At least you get to be the hero.\" \"I am a doctor, not a protagonist.\" Lazarus said. Peter smiled, placing one hand on the side of Lazarus's face gently. \"Yes, you are,\" Peter said. \"Leave me in the other quarters. . . I can walk on my own.\" The smile faded on Peter's face. \"You are burned, Peter.\" Lazarus said, taking Peter's hand off the side of his face feeling his fingers meet Peter's skin sending a warm feeling through his body. Peter had a weak smile toward the Mak'Tar. \"That never stopped me.\" Peter said. Lazarus found a nearby room. \"I will come back for you,\" Lazarus said. \"And you will be treated for the injuries before we return to Earth.\" Lazarus let go of the man's shoulders then he proceeded to guide him down the hall until they came into the room. \"Fourteen years . . .\" Peter's smile had faded. \"Had it ever come across your mind that you could have told me?\" Lazarus came to the doors of a spare quarters, \"Open.\" The doors opened then Lazarus went in. \"The thought did,\" Peter said. \"But you were busy raising your sister. I took my hand back every time. After all, the 800th time. . . I nearly lost all the souls on the command deck.\" Lazarus placed Peter down onto the couch. \"Not my family.\" Their hands were intertwined and they had a fixed gaze to one another. Peter could see Lazarus's eyes. Lazarus wanted to hug the man but here he is, burned, and likely weak. \"And this time: my family is not going to die because of my stubborn motto .\" TEN MINUTES TO DETONATION . \"I will be right back,Peter.\" Lazarus said. \"Go get them, tiger.\" Peter said, letting go of Lazarus's hand. Lazarus walked toward the door, with a mutter as he left, the doors closed behind him.[Chapter 20] When Peter believed that Lazarus was out of sight and out of the hall, Peter fell off the couch. Peter knew exactly where the main barracks were. Peter got up using the couch as his guide feeling the slightest of all numbness in his legs. A limp, really. If he needed treatment then let him be dammed for at least being present for the one of many other doctors who will not be busy saving the ship. Peter found a long wooden like bamboo on the table across from the couch. His wrist still hurt but he can live it. \"A bamboo stick,\" Peter said. \"How convenient.\" The bamboo stick acted as a support leading him toward the door (which he knew was there even though it was blurry) then he requested the door open. The door slide open revealing a gray blur. Peter walked out of the room then went in the opposite direction that Lazarus had gone. Even though he is not going to be the hero, he just wanted to help. After all, that is what he did even on Earth and in space: he helped people. Saving lives was just a bonus. He came to the corner of the hall then leaned over to notice a guard at the door holding a disruptor pistol. Unlike fourteen years ago, this was not a no-win scenario. FIVE MINUTES TO DETONATION . \"Coooommander?\" Came a familiar voice from above. Peter looked up above to see a purple squid like being attached to the wall holding a long pipe in his tentacles. \"Mathesar?\" Peter said, confused. \"But you are-\" With a poo-ooop , Mathesar landed on the ground returning to his human form and picked up the pipe appearing to have the looks of Quellek. Mathesar even had the Mak'Tar head design, gills, purple wiggly hair like parts beside his ears, and the purple like ridges along his gills. \"Quellek and I exchanged appearance generators due tooo a bet,\" Mathesar said. \"I was using the Mak'Tar stealth haze to hide frooom Sarris's men. Quellek and I share a fascinatioooon in the Mak'Tar culture.\" He had a grin, appearing to be unharmed, and very well pleased until he noticed the injuries Peter had. His eyebrows shot up. \"Cooomander, yoou have been hurt.\" \"I am fine, Mathesar.\" Peter said, shaking his free hand. Mathesar appeared to be concerned. \"Your burns will be treated by Betzalar,\" Mathesar said. \"The heart will be completed by Earth night.\" Peter nodded. \"Lazarus and Tawny are stopping the self destruction,\" Peter said. \"Are you skilled in tackling?\" Mathesar nodded. \"I have studied your fighting style and have, at one point, used it against one of Sarris's men successfully.\" Mathesar said. Peter looked over toward the guard at the door then back to Mathesar appearing to be confident. \"Good,\" Peter said. \"You are my back up.\" Roc looked into the window of the life support room where in the center were Sarris men watching the cameras and some were not. Some of the warriors had their weapons on the table and some were holding them leaning against the wall while a few were on the catwalk chatting. It made Roc gulp. \"How the hell are we going to stop them?\" Roc asked, turning his head in the direction of Chen. Chen looked over toward the window then back to Roc. \"Goriknak.\" Chen said. Roc's face became pale. \"You are gonna crush them to death and the equipment!\" Roc said. \"Then the Thermians will all die.\" \"Not if the troops run out of the room themselves.\" Chen said. Roc gasped as the idea solidified in his head. \"Oh, I see!\" Roc said. \"That sounds pretty genius.\" Chen nodded. \"Right you are,\" Chen said, as they turned away from the door. \"What is your rank again?\" \"Lieutenant,\" Roc said. \"I am currently awaiting reassignment.\" They came into the digital conveyor room and Chen went to the console. He set in a different destination then moved the handle pointing the target at a figure on a rocky scenery. There was a slowly growing smile spreading across Chen's face. He was confident. It had to work. This here is the direct relative of the original Digital Conveyor. He saw a patch of rocks moving in sync. He could feel victory coursing through his body. He knew it would work. This was rock. Rock wasn't organic material. Chen pressed the side buttons to the handle locking on Goriknak. Our scene shows Goriknak appear in the life support room then stand upright towering over the smaller figures on the computer screen. VIBRATIONS ! The beast swung his fist knocking over Sarris's men. \"I love my job.\" Chen said, beaming proudly. Roc pat on Chen's shoulder. \"Good job, sergeant!\" Roc said. \"Now we watch for the best part.\" Chen said. Our scene watch Sarris's men flee the room with the Goriknak close behind them. They shot back at the beast only for the disruptor pistols to become jammed. They dropped their weapons in their flee. Roc took his hand off Chen's shoulder staring into the screen watching the frightened hysterical looks on their face. The door was pushed up by Goriknak chasing after these vibrations. Eventually they made it to the air-lock where one pressed a button out of desperation. What remained of the group and Goriknak were jetted out. Peace. Finally, peace and quiet . No more vibrations. Goriknak was happy. \"We have been saved by the crew of the Protector!\" \"YAY!\" \"Finally.\" Peter said, happy to hear someone cheer someone else for saving their lives for once. Quellek and Mathesar exchanged appearance generators, apparently Quellek had deliberately spoken different like Mathesar to not alert Sarris that at least one Thermian was on the loose. Peter was genuinely happy. Peter heard a shot. He turned around to see Mathesar standing at the doorway with a hole in his chest, eyes wide, then he looked down and turned his head toward Peter. There were fear in those alien eyes. Peter could hear his own heartbeat as his jaw dropped and horror sunk in. \"I have been shoooot.\" Mathesar said. \"Brother!\" Martinsar shouted. Mathesar collapsed to the floor forwards rather than backwards. The two closets Thermians brought Mathesar into the room followed by the firing of Sarris men. The firing came to a stop as they had gotten to safety. Peter came over to the injured Thermians side. He could see the injury was located right where the heart should be. Peter had seen blood before, oh that he has, not the first time. He was brought alongside the first metal bed. \"Damn Sarris's men.\" Betzalar said. \"Cooomander. . .\" Mathesar said. \"Will you. . . Will yooou help my peoooople find a new hoooome?\" Now everyone's attention were on Peter. \"I will,\" Peter said, taking the hand of Mathesar. \"I promise.\" Mathesar smiled. \"Never give up . . . . \" Mathesar said. \"Never surrender.\" Peter said finished for Mathesar as he looked down toward Mathesar sadly. \"I am hooonnooored tooo be in your presence.\" Mathesar said. \"You can go, Mathesar,\" Peter said. \"I can handle it from here.\" By Grabthar's hammer , Peter thought watching the life draining from Mathesar's face, under the suns of Warvan ,life vanished from Mathesar's eyes, YOU SHALL BE AVENGED . He closed the eyes of Mathesar. Four years around the Mak'Tar Peter had heard the phrase, it didn't fully come to meaning for fourteen years, and the phrase finally came to full meaning. He could feel pure utter rage and vengeance. He laid down Mathesar to the floor then picked up the long bamboo stick that he had dropped while using it to jimmy open the door with Mathesar. Peter slowly stepped into the hall, his grip tightening around the middle of the long staff like weapon. He came into the middle of the hall where he faced the first of what could be determined as one of many troops staring back at him. The guard could clearly read the look of malicious intent on Peter's face and his grip on the plasma pistol loosened. \"Mother.\" The guard said. Then Peter charged right toward the paralyzed Fatu-Krey.[Chapter 21] Betzalar had Peter go to the medical quarters and be treated for his burns, after Peter finished off the Fatu-Krey by a kick to the face which ended up breaking his neck. \"Done?\" Betzalar asked, one hand on the man's shoulder. \"Done.\" Peter said, leaning against Betzalar. Betzalar, with help from Nurse Glath, and Peter's eyes closed. When Peter's eyes reopened he was in the commanders chair, his arms covered in white gauze, and Betzalar was informing him not to remove the fabric without a doctor or a nurse present. Peter simply nodded feeling the slightest of all lethargic. Laredo's station had been repaired, apparently, in nifty time. His wrists were covered in gauze as well. The doors opened to reveal Tawny and Lazarus with Roc right behind them Peter looked over,his vision clear, toward Lazarus with a thousand watt smile. \"You should be resting.\" Lazarus said, as Tawny went to her station. \"Rested long enough,\" Peter said, then he turned his head in the direction of Laredo. \"Laredo, take us out.\" The Protector II shook from side to side. \"The lower decks are rid of Fat-Krey,\" Tawny reported. \"Commander.\" \"They will pay.\" Sarris said, his wings of doom had folded and his hands were packed into fists. \"Yes, General,\" His Lieutenant Commander said. \"And so will we.\" Sarris looked over to his advisor. \"Did I hear doubt in your voice?\" Sarris asked, intimidating the shorter Fatu-Krey with vicious eyes. The Lieutenant Commander shook his head. \"No, General.\" The Lieutenant Commander said. \"Follow after them!\" Sarris shouted. \"And fire at will, continuously!\" \"Think you can get into the Tothian Mine field, Laredo?\" Peter asked. \"What kind of question is that?\" Laredo asked, head turned toward the commander. \"Can you get us close to the mines?\" Peter asked. Laredo gasped where a look of understanding came on his face then a grin spread on his face. \"I can try, Commander.\" Laredo said, turning his head back in the direction of the screen. The Protector flew along the Tothian Mines. From behind Sarris's ship is being pelted by the mines striking the wing blades. The firing from Sarris's ship had stopped. The Protector flew out of the field landing on the other side of the field with Sarris's ship close behind. The screen glowed to life to display a ugly Sarris, a Fatu-Krey, with a menacing frown. Peter stared right back at the general. \"Are you ready to surrender?\" Sarris asked. \"I will never surrender,\" Peter said. \"Never give up, against you.\" \"You are a stubborn human being.\" Sarris noted. Peter grinned, as the Protector darted out of the Tothian mine field. \"I will take that as a compliment, General.\" Peter said. \"You will regret ever helping the Thermians.\" Sarris said. \"I believe not,\" Peter said. \"Turn the ship around, Laredo,and let her loose.\" \"Aye, Commander.\" Laredo said. Sarris had a confused reaction on his face. \"Already on the verge of suicide?\" Sarris asked. Peter looked toward the screen with a grin. \"No,\" Peter said. \"I got mines. What you got? Right, slow reacting Fatu-Krey.\" The Protector flew to the left darting out of the way. Sarris's eyes grew wide then he headed toward a machine across from the view screen. The other Fatu-Krey stood there contemplating what to do next. A few were already putting their arms up to defend themselves from the oncoming triangle exploding onslaught. Our view returned inside the Protector . Sarris's large vessel exploded. \"We did it!\" Roc cheered. \"Yes!\" Laredo cheered. \"Burn in hell, Sarris.\" Peter said to himself. \"By Grabthar's hammer, we live to tell the tale.\" Lazarus said, pleased. \"You have saved us.\" Quellek said, leaning along the side of Martinsar. Peter looked over with a smile toward Quellek then back toward Laredo. \"Take us home, Laredo.\" Peter said. \"Aye, Commander.\" Laredo said. The Protector dived in through the wormhole.[Chapter 22] \"Strange,\" Tawny said. \"There was a massive power surge from Sarris's ship.\" \"That is unusual.\" Lazarus said. Peter got up from his chair then turned toward the Thermians. They were all beaming, brightly. He saw the door open to the command deck to reveal Chen holding what seemed to be a plasma pistol in his hand. Peter raised a brow approaching Chen while Laredo was sighing in relief that they made it okay through the wormhole. Lazarus's shoulders had relaxed. Tawny was confused at this strange log on the computer screen. \"Hey Chen,\" Peter said, approaching Chen. \"You can drop the plasma pistol.\" Chen raised the plasma pistol at Peter's chest then pressed the trigger. B-blast . Peter landed on the ground feeling a hot burn in his chest and his heart, oh god, it was burning up! Terrible hot wrenching pain. He could feel the hot wrenching pain occupied by what felt like metal plunged into his chest. Peter's head faced the direction of Roc's station. Lazarus could feel the pain instantly, but he knew Peter wouldn't live long, as he at first leaned forward on his science station. Lazarus's eyes darted from his station to the left where the commotion was coming from. Lazarus saw Peter resting on the floor while Sarris was on his rampage. \"Peter!\" Lazarus shouted turning away from his station. The Mak'Tars eyes rested on Sarris with conviction. Lazarus lunged toward Chen with a pained vicious expression. Chen then turned into Sarris dropping a rounded item to the floor and shot at the Mak'Tar. The Mak'Tar collapsed to the floor, dead, lifeless. Sarris aimed his plasma pistol at every Thermian in the room one by one firing the fatal shots. Bodies collapsed to the floor landing on their sides and some on their backs. Laredo started to get up but he too was shot down by Sarris. Peter dragged himself to the chair. Peter shared a look over to Quellek who was beside a dead Martinsar. \"Quellek,activate Omega 13.\" Peter said. A rather shirt Thermian tacked Sarris to the ground. \"Get off my you overgrown squid!\" Sarris snapped, punching a hole into the Thermian's chest taking out what could be arguably their most important organ coated in blue liquid. Quellek went over to the station then he pressed a few buttons then he did a hand print. On the right hand part of the arm rest a metal part retracted. B-Blast! Th-Thump went Quellek's body to the floor. The view screen displayed Earth oncoming, quickly, and not very reassuringly. \"YOU ASSHOLE!\" Roc got onto the back of Sarris making him turn away from Commander. \"Stop hitting yourself, crybaby!\" Roc made Sarris hit himself multiple times getting further and further away from Peter. \"Stop hitting yourself!\" Sarris flipped over Roc to the ground then fired the plasma pistol multiple times into Roc's chest. \"Long enough to correct one mistake,\" Peter said, his hands wrapped around the handle. \"Let's do this.\" He looked over toward Sarris. \"You attacked the wrong ship.\" Peter pulled down the switch. Blue bubbles appeared all over the place and time froze momentarily where one bubble was right above Peter's hand. Sarris was frozen in place heading in the direction of Peter aiming the plasma pistol at the commander's head. Tawny's body was laid on the floor staring in the direction of Laredo's station. Lazarus's body was on the floor with his eyes aimed at the direction of the doors. Quellek's body was slumped against the control consoles. Martinsar's body was on the floor. Laredo was on the floor beside his station with his eyes aimed at Lazarus's station. The bodies of Thermians were decorated around the command deck. Then all the bubbles moved forwards right into the center. Peter was back in the chair, everyone alive for now, unhurt. \"Strange,\" Tawny said. \"There was a massive power surge from Sarris's ship.\" Peter got up from his chair then headed in the direction of the doors. \"That is unusual.\" Lazarus said. The doors opened to reveal Chen who stepped out of the doorway holding a plasma pistol. Not . This . Time . Peter delivered a hard punch to Chen's face then a sharp punch to chest followed by the Chen-look-alike falling over to the floor. \"Peter!\" Tawny shouted, as she and Roc separated Peter from Chen. \"What is up with you?\" \"That is Sarris!\" Peter said. \"He is going to kill us!\" The-Chen-look-alike dropped the appearance generator dropping it to the floor where it broke into pieces. Roc looked over to see Sarris being the source of the sound. Tawny let go then saw what was bringing their attention. Quellek picked up his crutch approaching Sarris, his grip tightening around the handle, as the three were paralyzed. He then, golfing style, swung the crutch below Sarris knees knocking him down to his knees then struck him at the head and hit him twice with the crutch. \"And stay down.\" Quellek said, swinging the crutch over his shoulder looking down toward Sarris. \"Nice swing.\" Tawny said. \"Commander, the auto-pilot is stuck!\" Laredo said. \"If this ship goes down in together then there will be no chance of survival,\" Martinsar said. \"We must separate.\" \"I would like to visit Earth sometime,\" Quellek said. \"Perhaps we will visit sometime after our procreation boom.\" \"I would not be bothered by such a visit.\" Lazarus said. \"You will LOVE the beaches, Quellek!\" Laredo said. Peter nodded to Martinsar. \"You have the lower half,\" Peter said. \"Martinsar.\" \"But-\" Martinsar started to say but Peter cut him off. \"Someone has to command this part down to Earth.\" Peter said. Martinsar closed his mouth then he nodded. \"We will contact you for when the operation is prepared.\" Martinsar said. Martinsar spoke in Thermian to the rest of the Thermians in the room. The Thermians evacuated the command deck. Our view pans over to the outside where the top half, being the primary command deck, ejected from the Protector II . The lower half of the Protector II flew into orbit around the planet and came to a cause while the primary command deck being the shape of a saucer flew down. Our view pans back into the primary command deck. We see Chen digitize at a tech station appearing to be unfazed raising both eyebrows. His eyebrows shot even higher at the sight of Sarris who was unconscious on the floor. \"Hang on!\" Laredo said, as the ship dove through the atmosphere. \"Damn it, why don't you cooperate with me?\"[Chapter 23] Our scene turns down into Starsearcher Academy into a lecture room with rows of seats, a stage, purple curtains, and a LED screen at the back. We can see some of the cadets here are getting impatient. A few of them are listening to music using small items plugged into their ears and nodding their heads pretending to be listening to their partner who is excited about listening to the legendary Peter Taggart. Our focus goes into the front of the array of seats where a certain group catches our attention. \"Where is the retired commander?\" Cadet Toyota Zuhura asked, sitting down in a chair. \"Likely assimilating the presentation,\" Cadet Shirk of The Tulvan race said. He had light purple skin, a pair of four eyes that were spider like, including fangs that stuck out like vampire fangs, and his hair was dark with fine little hair on his shoulders. There was something definitely odd about him. He had light blue eyes and freckles. \"This lecture about being a leader is a requirement in the commander's exam.\" \"The Hikaru Chulu is the most . . .er.\" Zuhura said. \"Challenging?\" Shirk asked, raising a eyebrow leaning forward. \"No, I have heard it is the most 'annoying' and 'scary' exam.\" Zuhura said. Shirk leaned back with a frown. \"I actually heard it is a test to see how much trust the commander could have with his/her Lieutenant Commander and his surrounding officers,\" Came Tavel Russiove, beside Shirk. \"My class is part of the helmsmen and being helmsmen is very important to a starship and the commanding officer. If the Commander then Lieutenant Commander is out then it falls to the lieutenant to take command of the bridge.\" \"There is normally more than one lieutenant on a ship, cadet.\" Shirk said. \"I realize that,\" Russiove said. \"I just need to be prepared in case someone mentions a Taggart leadership move.\" Zuhura had a short laugh shaking her head. \"The commander must be having a better time than us waiting here,\" Zuhura said. Shirk folded his arms with a sigh. \"Hope he is.\" Shirk said. Roc had the large disruptor pistol aimed at the direction of Sarris. \"Uh, Commander,\" Roc said. \"What if he wakes up?\" \"Shoot him dead.\" Peter said. Roc looked back over toward the unconscious figure of Sarris. \"Okay.\" Roc said, turning the disruptor pistol over to check on the disruptor fuel and then he looked back toward Sarris noticing a tinge of movement. Sarris's eyes flickered open and he started to get up, Roc repeatedly pressed the trigger aiming it at Sarris. \"Damn, why must this always happen?\" Sarris tossed the human male across from him then lunged in the direction of the commander. Roc let go of the empty plasma pistol letting it fall to the ground. Peter got out of the chair then threw the first punch at the ugly praying mantis Fatu-Krey resembling alien right at the nose. Sarris stepped back at first then the general struck the next blow (or at least tried to) narrowly missing the commander's head. Peter flinched using his forearms for defense but pushed back the Fatu-Krey then delivered a upper cut into Sarris's chest hurling the Fatu-Krey over. Sarris regained his footing. And he lacked his disruptor pistol. \"A African American commander,\" Zuhura said. \"But a woman? That is history making!\" \"Actually, there are countless African American commanders-\" Shirk started but Zuhura interrupted. \"All of which were men.\" Zuhura said. \"Most women were not able to reach the captain's chair because they were not proud of their gender and did not embrace who they were, hence, making them less . . .\" Shirk noted. \"Professionally fit.\" Zuhura jabbed Shirk in the elbow. \"Ow!\" Shirk's long fingers wrapped around his right shoulder looking back at her with hurt in his eyes. \"That hurt .\" \"I will be the first woman of color to be a captain.\" Zuhura said. \"Zuhura,\" Shirk said. \"There was a Latino female captain commanding the Excellencia .\" Zuhura glared in the direction of Shirk. \"Why do you need to know about the unimportant captains?\" Zuhura asked. \"Captain Falicia was the one who discovered my species being the Tulvanians on the planet Tulvan that is roughly twice the size of planet Earth,\" Shirk said. \"She was the one one to shake the hand of my maternal grandfather Lowlek. You are,unlike many women before you, quite suitable to be a commander.\" \"Awww, that's sweet of you, Shirley.\" Zuhura said. Suddenly there was a crash from the stage. The cadets shielded themselves, but mostly Shirk acted as a shield for Zuhura with his backside facing the rubble that collapsed from the ceiling. He turned away once the commotion had ended appearing to have some dust in his perfectly raven black hair except for pieces of ceiling on his head. The cadets coughed looking in the direction of what was apparently part of a starship that had burn marks all over the place, inward dents, shattered windows, and it seemed as though this had quite the punch on the ship. The doors, that still operated, opened up to reveal a tumbling figure the first being Roc. The announcer was on stage, puzzled, but surely recognized him. \"Lieutenant Victor Rockwell Ingersol,\" The announcer, Phil Hardy said. \"Give him applause!\" Without hestiation there were some clapping as Roc stumbled forward squinting his eyes at the large crowd of cadets who were sitting down. Roc had a small smile as he went over to the side where his eyes adjusted to the sudden change in brightness from space to Earth. Next came Tawny. \"Lieutenant Tawny Madison!\" Hardy said. There were more cheers as she appeared to have gone through hell, her jacket torn at the sides, and her hair a mess! Tawny had a little wave at the crowd of cadets. Zuhura blinked taking in the scenery that was very unfamiliar. What wouldn't be familiar? A starship that crashed into the academy, that's what. Russiove stood up whistling and clapped. Out came Chen who seemed to be otherwise fine, his jacket zipped down to the middle of his chest, and he came over to the two. \"Tech Sergeant Chen!\" Hardy said. Russiove sat back down joining the applause. \"Hi.\" Chen said with a weak pathetic wave. Out came Laredo. \"Lieutenant Laredo, the legendary and youngest helmsmen in NSEA history!\" Hardy boomed. The cadets went wild as Laredo's eyes squinted at the crowd shielding his eyes. \"What a welcome back.\" Laredo said, going to the side. Laredo seemed to be relieved to be back on the ground, which he practically then kissed the floor repeatedly. \"I love you, Earth. I love you, Earth. I love you, Earth!\" Roc came over and had to help Laredo up as the dark man cried out to the crowd, \"I love Earth!\" Out came Peter with the help of Lazarus, with one of Peter's arms wrapped around the Mak'Tars shoulder appearing to be injured. \"Semi-retired Commander Peter Quincy Taggart, and his most trusted friend Doctor Lazarus!\" Hardy said. The crowd went wild. Peter had a short wave at the crowd as Lazarus moved away from the starship. Then a figure came out of the starship holding a disruptor pistol with a grunt. Peter took out Lazarus's plasma pistol then set it to lethal mode and fired it at Sarris. He pressed the trigger. A streak of red beaming struck Sarris. The Fatu-Krey had a final silent scream, his head tilted up toward the ceiling, and his body vanished into thin air. The cadets stood up making a applause. This had to be some announcement that the Protector crew were returning to space for all the cadets were concerned.[Chapter 24] It was dark out this night outside Lazarus's house. There were questions, many of course, mainly concerning who and what the alien was. Lazarus now knew what Peter must have felt being asked a annoying question over and over again. He was outside sitting on a lawnchair of spikes aimed at the sky with a cupholder of spikes clutched around a cup. The chair was right across from the outside pool that had a body of water that made the darkness a little brighter. He heard the door bell ring. \"I will get it!\" T'Spol said. Lazarus took a sip of his drink through a straw then he put it back down into the cupholder. \"Oh, hello,\" T'Spok said. \"Commander.\" \"You look a lot like your brother.\" Came Peter's voice. \"Thank you,\" T'Spol said, sounding as though she is stepping to the side. \"My brother is outside.\" Lazarus heard Peter walk in with a limp, his left foot steady, his right foot not-that-much. Quehal was outside curled up in a ball fast asleep purring beside Lazarus's chair. The porch door was open. Out of the house came Peter, a small smile on his face, and he seemed more relaxed than he had been in years. It was as though he was young again. His blue eyes were lighter than the pool, gentler, really. Friendly? Yes. Kind? Of course. Wiser? Yes. \"I am going up there with the Thermians,\" Peter said. \"Six hundred. . .\" \"But wasn't there four hundred?\" Lazarus said. \"Martinsar explained to me that just because it seems there is four hundred, there is more than that.\" Peter said. Lazarus looked over toward Peter with a raised arched eyebrow. \"Did you tell anyone else you are leaving?\" Lazarus asked. \"I canceled my other lectures,\" Peter said, hand in his pocket. Lazarus took that as a yes. \"Martinsar told me it would take a year to find a suitable M class planet. Maybe more.\" He approached the pool of water taking out his vox. \"I told them I would help and I intend to keep my word.\" He looked over toward Lazarus. \"But I can't get that video off my mind. I just can't. Where did Sarris get it?\" Lazarus got up then approached Peter. \"Logically,\" Lazarus said. \"He must have picked up on a transmission coming from a hole in time within space.\" Peter turned his head away shaking his head. \"What if he was right?\" Peter asked, in a low voice. \"We are not real.\" He looked down toward the pool. \"Never were. Just fakes.\" \"Peter. . .\" Lazarus said, putting one hand on Peter's shoulder. \"Either way, we proved him wrong. You are real as day speaking with me.\" He took his hand off Peter's shoulder. \"Those people are not us. They pretend to be us for the sake of entertainment in this other world. A world that may have had a hand in creating our universe. Theoretically our worlds are inspired to exist by other universes. Created from a grain of sand. From wood.\" He pointed toward the stars. \"From the constellations.\" He pointed to a constellation. \"What does that one look like?\" Peter squinted. \"A weird garden shovel.\" Peter said. \"And that?\" Lazarus said, pointing to another constellation. \"A tray with a saucer.\" Peter said. Lazarus lowered his hand down \"You see,Peter,\" Lazarus said. \"There could be a universe where there are such starships designed that way. Our universes are separated and never meant to touch, interact, but they do get bruised. When two bubbles collide, they bruise each other.\" Peter's eyes widened. \"Our universe has been bruised more than three times.\" \"The possibilities. . .\" Peter said. \"Hey,\" His eyes caught the shape of a constellation. \"That one looks like a batter beater with a rounded ball. . . That would be a interesting starship.\" \"That would be illogical to design a starship like that.\" Lazarus said. \"And that constellation looks like a jellyfish with a strange design.\" Peter said. \"I see the jellyfish.\" Lazarus said. Peter turned his head toward Lazarus. \"I am getting the heart tonight,\" Peter said. \"The heart reproduction has been completed.\" \"I am happy for you,\" Lazarus said. \"This adventure. . . has . . . made me to reconsider. I have allowed my sister to have the memories of our ancestors and the lessons from the Mak'Tar Academy. She took it well.\" Peter raised an eyebrow. \"I thought you were taking it slow with her.\" Peter said. Lazarus shook his head. \"This adventure reminded me life is short,\" Lazarus said. \"And I will not always be there for her.\" Peter lowered his eyebrow. \"So you mind melded with her.\" Peter said. Lazarus nodded. \"Yes.\" Lazarus said. Peter flipped open his Vox. \"Prepare for one pod.\" Peter said. \"Yes, Commander.\" Came Neru's voice over the Vox. Peter briefly closed his eyes and started to fall forward. Lazarus, quick as he was, became close to Peter letting the commander land on the Mak'Tar's chest and Lazarus's arms landed on Peter's backside. The Mak'Tar closed his eyes ever so briefly then he reopened them. Lazarus had made his choice hours ago. He was only waiting for Peter. \"I love you, Peter.\" Lazarus said, as a white pad appeared underneath them. Our scene backtracks into the household where T'Spol is doing some of her schoolwork. She heard the sound of what seemed like something had lifted off. She ran outside only to see a gray darting figure headed toward the stars. Quehal got up looking around confused at the sudden sound of a life off. T'Spol had a smile growing on her face as she looked upon the stars standing across from the burning cement that had a rounded shape. In the mind meld, T'Spol had seen the intentions her brother had for this mass of lessons being spilled upon her and the history of her race. Pictures of their family before they were annihilated by the Meechan race including their home planet. Throughout her childhood, she would catch her brother looking at the night sky or in the blue sky. Almost as though he was yearning to return right into space where he left off. He had missed it. Quehal was now staring at the sky as T'Spol was. \"Take care of yourself, brother.\" T'Spol said. It made perfect sense why he had told his sister she would be staying with Aunt Madison for awhile.[Chapter 25] . . . 2400. . . . . . August 17th. . . 7:48 AM. . . \"Aunt, I am going into Starsearcher academy.\" T'Spol said. \"But you are only fifteen!\" Tawny said. \"The younger we get to the academy, the more likely chance we will learn quicker,\" T'Spol said. \"I am likely to be alone with you being assigned to a new ship starting today.\" Tawny had recently accepted the promotion to becoming Lieutenant Commander. Chen had gotten a new rank. Staff Sergeant. And he was so happy about that, too! Though he preferred to be called Sergeant. Tech Staff Sergeant was a mouthful to say, Chen claimed. \"I don't even know what the name of the ship is,\" Tawny said. \"Or who my captain is.\" T'Spol had her belongings packed. Her Quehal had died a few months ago due to a hover-car accident when it shoved her out of the way and took the massive fatal blow. T'Spol was crying, that day, and Tawny was there for her. They grieved together for the death of the Quehal. Though days afterwards, Tawny would find the shape of a large furry ball curled at the foot of T'Spol's bed being solid and visible to her eye. The next second it was gone. \"It is going to be just fine, Aunt Madison.\" T'Spol said, wheeling what luggage she had from out of her temporary room. \"Do you have the portable spike bed?\" Tawny said. \"Yes.\" T'Spol said. \"Do you have your clothes packed?\" Tawny asked. \"Yes.\" T'Spol said. \"Birth control?\" Tawny asked. T'Spol raised a slanted eyebrow. \"Birth. . . control? Why would I need that?\" T'Spol asked. \"Nevermind.\" Tawny said. \"Humans are weird.\" T'Spol said, lowering her eyebrow. Tawny nodded, adding \"So are the men.\" \"Do you have everything packed?\" Tawny said. \"Yes,\" T'Spol said. \"All in one luggage.\" Tawny narrowed her eyebrows. \" One luggage? Missy, you need more than one luggage!\" Tawny darted into the room to see a messy bedroom with her belongings all over the place. Her portable bed of spikes were covered by T'Spol's attire. \"T'Spol!\" The house rattled while the endless hall echoed back Tawny's voice into the living room. \"I KNEW YOU DIDN'T PACK ANYTHING!\" T'Spol fought back a smile but it won out and she had a sigh of relief then turned back in the direction of her room and headed back in. Safe to say she orchestrated this. . . . 2400. . . . . . August 17th. . . 12:48 PM. . . \"Chen?\" Tawny said, recognizing the man in the line boarding the surface pod. Chen turned away from the surface pod. \"Ah, Tawny!\" Chen said, his expression turned into a happy one. \"Nice to see you again.\" Tawny came over to the side of the surface pod then she came back to the back end puzzled and turned her head in the direction of Chen. \"You are assigned to the same ship, too?\" Tawny asked, her hands around the portable luggage she had opted to take aboard the ship while her other belongings be digitized to the ship. She had opted to meet her crewmates first rather than being digitized to the ship. She had her eyebrows raised. \"Yes.\" Chen said. Tawny lowered her eyebrows and Chen got inside the surface pod. She heard a pair of familiar voices heading her way. She looked over to see there being Laredo and Roc, hand in hand, both wearing wedding rings. Roc appeared as though he had recently shaved but decided to keep his goatee. Laredo looked over in the direction of Tawny with a wave. Why were the crew of the Protector being assigned to a different ship? \"Hey Tawny!\" Laredo said. The two couple had their belongings towed in their free hands. \"Why this is a surprise.\" Roc said. \"You are going too?\" Laredo asked. \"I am,\" Tawny said. \"You finally tied the knot.\" \"My parents had one objection to our wedding,\" Roc said. \"They did not want NSEA genetic engineers to attend it.\" \"Congratulations!\" Tawny said. \"I finally got myself a last name,\" Laredo said. \"Laredo Ingersol!\" Tawny raised her eyebrows as Roc put in their belongings into the side compartment. \"You didn't have a last name all this time?\" Tawny said. \"Affirmative,\" Laredo said. \"I was named after the L.A.R.E.D.O. Program.\" Tawny raised an eyebrow as they went into the surface pod. \"I never heard of the program.\" Tawny said. \"Language Archeology Existential Deficiency Operation,\" Laredo said, going into the front right into the pilots chair. \"It was really popular in the 22nd century.\" He sat down down into the chair then turned on the auto-pilot mode. They saw two other crew members in purple uniforms coming over without any belongings. \"I only know of it because the head genetic engineer told me when I was eight about who and what I was, also how important I was to NSEA.\" Tawny recognized these two as Tulvans both of whom were science officers. \"Which I still remember to this day.\" Tawny sat down into the seat then buckled herself in. \"That is interesting.\" Tawny said. Laredo looked over toward Tawny. \"You heard anything from them?\" Laredo asked. Tawny shook her head. \"Not at all,\" Tawny said, her voice low. \"I miss them.\" The two science officers sat down into the back, where Lazarus and Peter would sit. She looked over her shoulder toward the two Tulvans who were sharing a light hearted conversation about who their captain may be. Tulvans were excellent listeners and obeyed the rules that were set. Just like the example that Lazarus set. Tawny turned her head away lowering her head toward her hands set on her lap. The door behind the two Tulvans shut. T'Spol reminded Tawny of Lazarus. Lazarus hadn't told her that he was leaving his sister with her for a year plus more. Nor did he call Tawny after Peter paid her a visit before heading over to Lazarus's place. Lazarus didn't answer his Vox that day. In fact, T'Spol came with her brother's Vox claiming he left with Peter \" To the stars. Where he belongs .\" Either one of the two Tulvan science officers could be the head science officer on the starship. \"Sometimes I try to call Lazarus and all I get is a static reply,\" Laredo said. \"Then I am reminded they are missing. Purposely.\" \"Not even NSEA knows where they've gone,\" Tawny said. \"If they knew, they would have told us.\" \"NSEA would tell us!\" Laredo said. \"They never keep secrets.\" The two Tulvans were Shruk and T'Vienne. \"There are known occurrences were the NSEA lies for the safety of the planet,\" T'Vienne said. \"So you are wrong.\" \"She is correct,\" Shruk said. \"The first encounter between our races was deemed classified for fifty-two years on our planet before the leaders of our planet bothered coming over and joining the Galactic Peace Accord.\" The surface pod's landing gear lifted up. \"Lifting off.\" Laredo said. \"I can't want to meet the commander!\" T'Vienne said, her hands clutched around her seatbelt. The surface pod went through the atmosphere. Ever since seeing Lazarus and Peter together for the first time in year,as natural as they were, it was reassurance that everything would be fine. Just them together by each others side was enough evidence. It made her feel better, honestly. She had kept contact with Lazarus for the past fourteen years but this year: it was like Lazarus fell off the grid. All together. Seeing them together reminded Tawny how she missed them. Seeing Lazarus without Peter felt odd and unusual, not quite right, but she was always glad to see him. \"Oh my god,\" Laredo said, suddenly. \"It is her!\" Tawny's attention turned toward the screen where they could all see a replica of the Protector in spaceport. It was balled: NTA- 3120, NSEA- Protector III . NTA stood for New Terra Engineering. Their jaws came to a open while a gasp escaped from the two Tulvans. Roc had a groan, muttering \"Oh no, not the Thermians again\" almost as though he had expected for this to have been created by the Thermians. Chen had a smile on his face seeing the old girl in tact. Laredo piloted the ship right into the surface pod bay where there were other officers getting out. They were the last of the officers to be brought aboard the ship. The back end retracted. Tawny unbuckled herself, got her belongings, and went out of the surface pod. \"What's up with her?\" Shruk asked. \"Maybe she has to use the ladies room.\" T'Vienne said, with a shrug. After finding her quarters and putting her luggage beside the desk, Tawny immediately went out of her quarters then strolled down the hallway. The design of the hallways were different: the shade was darker, the once brighter colors were duller, and she could almost see her reflection in the floor. She was joined by Laredo and Roc both heading to the command deck. She had a inkling, or rather,a guess of who the commander might be. Tawny could hear her heart beating. \"I am chief of security,\" Roc said. \"I must know who the commander is.\" \"I am dying to know who he/she is.\" Laredo said. \"I have a feeling who it might be.\" Tawny said. \"NSEA would have told us.\" Roc said. \"They never said a word about building a new Protector.\" Tawny said. \"Good point.\" Chen said, suddenly appearing behind them. \"Nice that you could join us, Chen.\" Tawny said. \"Guys like me who are the head of the technology department must meet the men who's going to break them.\" Chen said. The doors opened to reveal the command deck that seemed as though it had been left intact, virtually rebuilt. Tawny saw a familiar nurse by the captain's chair with her arms folded, her hair brown and short, she had hazel eyes, and African American. She had a gray uniform with blue shoulder pads. She had her eyes narrowed down upon the figure sitting down in a chair with a set of hair that seemed to be clearly cut with precision. The group came into the command deck. \"Commander, Doctor Zirenge has concerns about Lazarus's health.\" Nurse Church said. \"He is fine, Nurse,\" Peter said. \"He is a Mak'Tar. If he were pregnant again he would have told me. Which I doubt he is.\" Nurse Church sighed. \"Henry must have his shots before we break orbit from Earth,\" Nurse Church said. \"Doctor's orders.\" \"Which doctor?\" Peter asked. \"Both.\" Nurse Church said. \"And Lazarus has just recently been there for Henry to get the shots in the medical quarters,\" Peter said, earning a raised eyebrow from Nurse Church. \"Sometimes you just gotta love a fatherly doctor,\" He smiled then shook his hand. \"We have a bond: that is how I know.\" He took the padd from her hand then he signed it with a pen and handed it back to her. \"There's my signature for the shot.\" Nurse Church went past the crew holding the padd in her hand then went out the door. \"Peter?\" Tawny said. Peter turned the chair in the direction of his crew with a grin. \"Nice to see that you could make it!\" Peter said. \"Do you like Protector the third?\" He waved his hand to the side with his elbow on the arm rest. \"They were already building her last year! They just had to change the label.\" He had a short laugh standing up from his chair walking forward. Roc fell back fainting with a thud on the floor. \"Now,\" Peter came to a stop spreading his arms out with a smile. \"I know you are dying for a group hug.\" What many crewmembers on the bridge would say is that he was given a group glomp to the floor more than a decent hug. Peter, however, was amused. So amused that he had a good light hearted laugh. He had a human heart under his chest lacking the metal brace that surrounded his miracle partial heart that had managed to beat. He was no longer the subject of pain by the metal brace. In fact the metal brace was destroyed shortly after being taken out of his chest including the partial heart. The group got back up then Laredo went over to Roc's side and he shook the man awake. \"Where have you been for the past year, Peter?\" Tawny asked. \"Finding a new home planet for the Thermians,\" Peter said. \"Settling takes a lot of work and the natives,\" He shook his head. \"Biased natives,\" He had a sigh. \"They were the most difficult race I ever came across. The new home planet is Alpha point twenty-zero-thirty. Though the NSEA refers to it as New Thermia.\" \"And why didn't you contact us?\" Chen asked. \"We were very busy, Chen,\" Peter said. \"Negiotating peace, raising a child, helping the Thermians build their new housing, and the Voxes didn't work with sending messages to you guys so we were lucky NSEA was able to get Lazarus's messages. We just got back last week via surface pod. Or what remained of a surface pod.\" \"No wonder I heard static.\" Tawny said. Laredo helped Roc up. \"Congratulations on your marriage, Mr and Mr Ingersol,\" Peter took out a pair of long wide boxes from out of no where. \"I bought this for you two.\" The pair ripped open the boxes and took out a pair of electronic guitars with jaws dropped. \"Ohmygodohmygodohmygodiloveitiloveitiloveitiloveit!\" Laredo said. \"Guitarheroguitars! Guitarheroguitars!\" Roc said, with speed. \"Thankyoucommander, thankyou,thankyou,thank you!\" Laredo said, shaking the hand of Peter quickly. \"Letstakethesetoourquarters!\" Roc said. \"YES!\" Laredo said. The pair left with their trash and guitars out of the command deck. \"How the hell did you know they liked guitar hero?\" Chen asked. \"I didn't.\" Peter said. Through the doors came Lazarus with a little one year old boy by his side. The little boy darted over Peter with a squeal, \"Daddy!\" Peter picked up the little boy into his arms. Tawny gasped. The little boy was a human with curly blonde hair, blue eyes, and it seemed as though he resembled both parents but he had the distinctive facial features of both parents. The arched eyebrows of Lazarus. The cheeks of Peter. Lazarus's nose. Peter's eyes. Human set of ears. \"This is Henry William Taggart,\" Peter said. \"He is soo human.\" \"Dad told me we are go-eeng spelunk-eeng.\" Henry said. \"There is a major difference between spelunking and exploring, Lazarus!\" Peter said. \"Awww, I can't tell which one of you he resembles.\" Tawny said. \"And he is one year old.\" Chen said, in shock. \"He resembles Peter,\" Lazarus said. He turned his head in the direction of Tawny with a smile. \"Hello Tawny.\" \"I got my flu shot,daddy,\" Henry said, pulling his right sleeve up to his shoulder where a band-aid is shown. \"I was a brave little boy.\" Peter rolled down the sleeve. \"Who are they?\" \"These are two of the people I told you about,\" Peter said. \"Tech Staff Sergeant Chen-\" \"Sergeant Chen.\" Chen said. \"Sergeant Chin,\" Henry said. \"Kool name.\" Chen raised an eyebrow at Peter. \"Lieutenant Commander Tawny Madison.\" Peter said, gesturing over toward Tawny. There was a look of recognition on Henry's face. \"Daddy told me stories about you when were you were captured,\" Henry said. \"He doesn't give your face the justice it deserves.\" Tawny looked over toward Peter with a horrorfied facial expression. \"You did not do that!\" Tawny said, as Chen went over to the tech station where it was virtually upgraded and new. The room was slightly darker than it had been before on the Protector II. There were blue lights on the surrounding stations that were not set in the middle of the room as Laredo,Lazarus,and Tawny's were. Chen reviewed the technology aboard the ship: the projection deck, the digital conveyor room, Lazarus's personal lab, the armory, rec room,engine room, meeting room, medical quarters, and so on. Lazarus went over to his station then began to activate it using a code. \"I did,\" Peter said. \"But I had to make the story PG-13 so I didn't describe you perfectly . What kind of father would I be to tell my son a. . .\" He covered Henry's ears. \"Rated R mission?\" \"A terrible father.\" Tawny said, her arms folded. Peter unplugged Henry's ears then he put him down. \"Go ask Mr Chin about technology.\" \"Sure, daddy!\" Henry darted over to the technology station. \"Let's talk outside,\" Peter said. Tawny went out first. \"Lieutenant Quellek,you have the bridge.\" Lazarus turned from his station to see Quellek, grinning, at the helmsmen station. \"Hello, Doctor Lazarus!\" Quellek said. . . . Projection room. . . . . 13 minutes later. . . Projection: Balcony. . . \"Did you ask NSEA to assign us here?\" Tawny asked. \"No, not at all.\" Peter said. Tawny turned away from the balcony then frowned facing Peter, hands on her hips, and a look of disbelief. \"Peter.\" Tawny said. \"Really!\" Peter shook his hands. \"I am not. I was surprised as you were, and, by the way how has T'Spol been?\" \"Fine, despite losing her Quehal months ago,\" Tawny said, taking her hands off her hips then turned toward the Paris scenery. \"She has entered Starsearcher academy.\" Peter looked over toward the sprawling night lit city below. \"You know,\" Peter said. \"We may come across a planet similar to Earth: beautiful lights, monuments, natural lights, and the beauty . . . Preferably, I like my friends to see it with Lazarus and I.\" He leaned his arms on the rail. \"The Thermians had their young, like, super fast. Six months really. They are a fast reproducing bunch. I never seen such a fast baby boom a short amount of time. The baby boomers are taking care of them.\" \"And Martinsar?\" Tawny asked. \"He named one of his clutch after his brother,\" Peter said. \"You should have seen them. There were hundreds of them clung to their mothers and fathers!\" He waved his right hand in the air dramatically. \"It was a pretty sight to see.\" He had a smile on his face. \"It can't be said as pretty. It was beautiful. I will never forget that.\" He looked over in the direction of Tawny. \"You should have been there to see it.\" \"I can picture it.\" Tawny said. \"They were on the rocks,\" Peter said. \"We were in a surface pod watching it with Quellek and Martinsar.\" He turned his head away from Tawny toward the sight. \"Underwater.\" Tawny raised an eyebrow. \"The planet is mostly covered in water and most of their time is spent in the water. It was at night. The planet does have a moon. A huge ass moon in fact!\" His hands moved as he spoke exaggerating the size. \"Quellek piloted the surface pod. We couldn't leave Henry at home alone. We saw the little guys hatch out of their white eggs then cling onto their parents. Multiple colored octopoidal babies changing colors. You know it was a lot like a light show or the aura lights.\" Tawny nodded. \"It sounds beautiful.\" Tawny said. \"It was.\" Peter said. \"So who carried Henry?\" Tawny asked. \"Lazarus. Turns out he has a uterus.\" Peter said. \"How was his pregnancy?\" Tawny asked. \"It was fine.\" Peter said. \"A male pregnancy is not usually fine.\" Tawny noted. \"We had some scares,\" Peter said. \"At one point our boy was growing a arm out of his head.\" Tawny gasped. \"The body part vanished a few days later much as what Betzalar had assured us, and Lazarus assured me.\" He had a sigh lowering his head. \"I was scared. For the longest time. . . of the baby getting a small head, distorted limbs, malformed, and then he came out as a healthy human baby boy.\" Tawny gave Peter a hug. \"It is okay to be afraid, Commander.\" Tawny said. \"Thank you.\" Peter said, briefly closing his eyes. . . . Two hours later. . . . . . Command deck. . . Peter was walking down the hall. This was the hour they departed Earth for a twenty-five year exploration in space and then, everyone would go their separate ways and Peter would command a different starship but with his most trusted partner Lazarus. He wouldn't command a starship without Lazarus. He felt excited about this voyage. One of the longest voyages in NSEA history. \"-Ready to go.\" The computer said. Peter walked aboard the command deck, grinning, and it seemed he was at ease with himself completely. \"All systems ready to go,Commander.\" Tawny said, as Peter went into the Commander's chair. Quellek was babysitting Henry. \"Take us out, Laredo.\" Peter said. Laredo grinned, as Peter and Lazarus shared a glance together then back to the view screen. \"Ay, Captain,\" Laredo said, grabbing onto the bars. \"Mark 2.\" The Protector III f lew out of the spaceport into space followed by a familiar ear friendly music then the starship zipped away leaving behind a trail of blue gassy like flakes. The spaceport started to darken. But somewhere, out there, on planet Earth there was a little boy camping outside his house beside a tent watching the night sky holding one action figure in his left hand with pointy ears, fine bowl hair cut, and Caucasian skin along with a second action figure that had blonde hair and hazel eyes in his right hand. \"Go Protector III !\" The boy cheered,shortly after the moving light in the nightsky had vanished. One day,I'll be up in space too , the boy thought looking up toward the nightsky with a hopeful look. Just like his space idols. Never give up, never surrender . ","Summary":" Today had started normal, save for the Meechans coming up unexpectedly and firing at the Protector."}]