[{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Equal Eyesight","Author":"Setsumi-san","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4242013","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Equal Eyesight A Chon/Pei Pei poem by Setsumi-san Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Spyglass Entertainment and Buena Vista Pictures. I do not, never have, and never will plan to make any money off this fanfic. If I did own the movie, Roy would not have dumped Falling Leaves for Lin. Pretty little servant Do not look away. For your ruler wants to Teach you something new today. XXXX Wipe away the borders Which you have been taught. Forget all about them. For to us they should mean naught. XXXX Please, this time don't see me As untouchable. Look upon me, Chon Wang. I want to be your equal. XXXX Show me those brown jewels which You call your own eyes. I'll forfeit all my riches If I can possess that prize. XXXX Ah! At long last I have Woken from a dream And know my happy ending's Not far away as it seemed. XXXX Shall we have a wedding And a honeymoon When you make me moan Clutch your silky hair, and swoon? XXXX Wake the hundred songs Long dormant in my flesh. Make me blossom, lover. Make this princess new and fresh. XXXX Don't treat me like a goddess As the others do. If anything I should Be the one who bows to you. Love it? Loathe it? C&C; is appreciciated. Flames will be uses to set Van Cleef's mustache on fire. I'm actually rather proud of submitting the first ChoPei poem to the site , myself. ","Summary":" Equal Eyesight A Chon/Pei Pei poem by Setsumi-san Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Spyglass Ent"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Get My Boots On","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8940802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Get My Boots On\" Author: Kat Lee Dedicated To: My beloved, and always husband, Drew aka Captain Jack, with infintely much love! I love you, my darling! Now, huh, let's get our boots on, shall we? ;-) Rating: PG-13 Summary: There are only two things Roy wants to do today, and sleep ain't one of 'em. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters, names, codenames, places, items, fandoms, titles, and etc. are always © & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. Any and all original characters and everything else is © & TM the author and may not be reproduced in any way without the author's express, written permission. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: 244. That's the number of stories that were sitting on my hard drive collecting dust because I lack the energy and time to take care of them as I once did. My betaing pattern has always been to write, then type up if written on paper, the story, read it aloud to my beloved Jack and our children, editing as I go, and then finally format and post. Sadly, this part is simply taking too much of my time and energy, and my beloved Jack and I have too little time together in person these days to be able to keep up with my stories. So what to do? Give up writing? I actually considered it for a while, tried to make excuses to myself other than the large number of stories collecting cyber dust on my computer, as to why I lacked the energy and Muse to write new tales. And then, with the turn of the new year, I decided to stop running and face the problem. The problem is, quite frankly, that once one gets so bogged down in formatting and editing that writing is no longer a pleasure but the actual posting of those writings becomes a hassle and - egad! - work, it's time to cut something out, and that will never be the writing process. So, in short, yes, there will be mistakes in this tale. Yes, it's missing about half of the header information I usually include. But I wrote it for pleasure and am posting it in hopes of sharing that pleasure with others. Do with it as you will. Roy O'Bannon had always been a late riser until just recently. With all the changes in his life had come the ability to not only wake up early but actually get up and be ready to start the day. The rising sun peeking over the horizon washed his face in gold as his blue eyes fluttered open. He yawned and stretched, then looked down at the end of the bed where his little friends were already waving at him. Roy smirked. It wasn't like him to get up early, let alone be cracking jokes this early in the morning. The sun wasn't even good and up yet, but here he was, calling his toes his friends. He wriggled his toes and smirked some more at the changes he recognized in his soul and mindset and his own indecency. It wasn't like him to wear holes in his clothes without complaining, but it truly no longer mattered to him that his red longjohns were old, worn, and torn so badly that the bottoms of the feet were entirely out, leaving his toes bare to the cold nights on the desert. Roy turned over onto his side and gazed at his companion as he slept peacefully and completely unaware of what was about to come. Little things like holey clothes and lack of sleep didn't matter any more, because for the first time in Roy's life, living his life, with all of its ups and downs, was what he wanted to do. He no longer wanted to be anybody else, not a famous gunslinger or the richest, most sought after man in town. He wanted to be right here with this man laying beside him, this crazy, wonderful, delightful China man whom he loved with all his well worn heart. Roy plucked a feather from his pillow and held it underneath Chon's nose. He watched it waver for a few moments as Chon snored, then ran it lightly over the very tip of his light brown nose. He still remembered when he had believed that Chinese were crazy, backward, and yellow, but even in the golden light of the early morning sun, Chon didn't look yellow to Roy. His skin was more of a brown shade, but even if he had been yellow, he would have still been the most handsome and bravest man Roy had ever known and he would have loved him just as much as he does now. Chon wasn't responding to Roy tickling his nose with the feather, so the blonde cowboy started taking longer strides. He ran the feather over his lover's face, stroking his cheek bones, tickling his chin, and even brushing lightly against his closed eyelids. \"Roy,\" Roy grinned broadly as Chon finally spoke, \"what are you doing?\" \"What's it look like I'm doin', China man, China good?\" Roy teased, his wide, tooth grin filling his cute face. Only Chon had ever made him smile like this. He loved doing so and the feeling that accompanied the grin. \"I'm wakin' you up. Today's gonna be a good day.\" \"You said that yesterday,\" Chon reminded him, still not opening his eyes. Roy ran the feather over his face again. \"An' it was.\" Chon arched a single, slender eyebrow in question. \"You Americans have funny 'good days'.\" \"What makes ya say that?\" \"Roy, we were chased by a gang - \" \"We whupped 'em.\" \"Finally.\" \"Ya ain't tellin' me ya didn't have fun jumpin' over that canyon.\" \"That was, in truth, an experience, I had rather not repeat.\" \"Sure ya would. Ya'd do it again in a heartbeat.\" It was too early for him to hide his feelings. Chon groaned and determinedly kept his eyes tightly shut as Roy continued tickling his face. \"Roy, go back to sleep.\" \"No.\" He laughed at Chon's startled and frustrated expression. \"I ever tell ya yer cute when yer angry?\" \"Yes. Tell me again later.\" \"I'm gonna tell ya now,\" Roy insisted, running the feather lightly over Chon's lips. Then he replaced the feather with his mouth in a kiss that he knew would shoot straight through Chon's toes, which somehow always managed to stay covered in their scant bedclothing, and keep him awake. Chon sighed into his mouth, a sound of mingled delight, relish, and continued frustrated. For once, he wanted to sleep, after having been up all night trying to find their way back to their hotel room, but Roy wasn't having any more sleep. The day was beautiful, and he wanted to do only two things today. \"Roy,\" Chon protested, almost as though he could read his mind, and broke off their kiss, \"there something else you want to do?\" \"I don't wanna sleep,\" Roy answered, grinning. His blue eyes sparkled mischievously. \"There's only two things on my agenda today, China man.\" \"What are those?\" Chon asked with faint hope. Perhaps he could get Roy to go do something else and let him sleep a little while longer. They could always make love later. \"I wanna get my boots on. I'm kinda tired of wriggling my toes.\" Roy's grin grew as Chon finally smiled. \"You say the strangest things,\" he commented, mumbling sleepily. Roy leaned down and whispered in his beloved partner's ear, \"I yodel even stranger things.\" His eyes shone; he nipped his ear. Chon flashed him a wide grin, and Roy knew he had him roped. \"I know,\" he replied, \"like yesterday afternoon. Where do you come up with these things?\" Roy shrugged; his body slid against Chon's lithe muscles. \"Let's see what I yodel today,\" he told him, grinning from ear to ear. His mouth angled for his again. \"What was the other thing you wanted to do?\" Chon asked, his eyes finally opening. Roy felt the familiar catch of his breath that happened every time he looked into Chon's almond-like eyes. \"Be with you,\" he told him truthfully. Then, he rolled on top of him, kissed him passionately, and began their celebration of the day they'd been given in which to love and adventure together. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Get My Boots On\" Author: Kat Lee Dedicated To: My beloved, and always husband, Drew aka C"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Charlie Chaplin si Pembunuh Cilik","Author":"otsukareen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8377533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kau pembunuh, Chaplin. Lihat bagaimana orang-orang itu mati tanpa melibatkan setetes pun darah. Mereka mati karenamu—dan kau tak menyadarinya. Shanghai Knights was directed by David Dobkin and written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar . Charlie Chaplin si Pembunuh Cilik by ppopippo Warning: drabble. Tangan-tangan lincahmu menarik satu per satu benda berharga, yang membawa mereka ke mimpi mereka masing-masing, dengan seringai milikmu. Kemudian kau berlari secepat kilat, bak seekor cheetah, meninggalkan mereka yang berteriak-teriak meminta segala hal yang kaucuri untuk kembali; dan kau tak pernah sekali pun melirik serta berpikir untuk kembali ke belakang, sekadar melihat mereka yang berteriak, dan mengembalikannya lagi. Kau pencuri segalanya, Charlie Chaplin—harta, mimpi, masa depan yang bahkan mereka sendiri tak tahu bagaimana nantinya masa depan mereka…, dan nyawa. Ya, Bocah Charlie, tanpa sadar kau mencuri nyawa orang-orang. Kau membuat orang-orang yang kaucuri segalanya itu kehilangan asa—mati tergeletak, di sisi ranjang atau di mana pun mereka mati, tanpa ada setetes pun darah; hanya ada kebusunglaparan yang meraja lela di tubuhnya—beserta mimpi yang mati. Dan, tentu saja, mereka mati bersama dendam pada bocah bernama Charlie Chaplin—ya, ya, kau , Chaplin. Charlie Chaplin, sang pembunuh berumur belasan tahun yang gelarnya, bahkan, mengalahkan para pembunuh bayaran. Bagaimana tidak? Para pembunuh bayaran itu harus mencopot jantung korban; meninggalkan jejak pada setiap lapisan terluar sang korban. Sedang kau? Kau hanya perlu mencuri, mencuri, mencuri … dan lihat efek yang kaubuat beberapa bulan mendatang. Hebatnya, kau tak pernah dibuat untuk menjenjakkan diri di atas tanah berdinding sel. fin. What theeeee—parah banget! Drabble aneh. Sebenarnya ini drabble udah terlalu dan sangat lama mendekem di laptop, kesian juga kan kalo nggak dilirik. Sedikit ada yang diperbaiki. Ya, tapi tetep koreksi ya, kalo ada kesalahan. Monggo… (_ _) ini bukan charlie chaplin yang di kartun kartun itu ya :p Dan saya kembali hiatus~ ciao~ #maunyaapa Feedback diterima. *berharap banget wakak* ","Summary":" Kau pembunuh, Chaplin. Lihat bagaimana orang-orang itu mati tanpa melibatkan setetes pun darah. Mer"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Shanghai Natives","Author":"AGirlWhoLikesToSayHi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5730825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shanghai Natives Disclaimer: I take no credit in the making of Shanghai Noon or Shanghai Knights; if I did, there'd be a third movie by now. \"Ah! Can't you just smell it? The makings of stardom are in the air, John,\" Roy O'Bannon said as he exited the carriage, breathing in the air of Hollywood. A cart filled with rotting waste passed just as he took in another lungful of air. Moments later, he was holding his nose and gagging at the horrid stench, his senses overwhelmed by the horrible concoction of smells. Chon Wang grimaced at the sight as he stepped onto the paved ground. His younger sister, Lin, just smiled as she got out of the carriage, watching as Roy finally wave all remains of the ghastly odor away. All around them bustled with life as people filled out their duties for the day. After the events of London, something not-so-adventurous was perfect for the trio. \"We're here Roy, so what now?\" Chon asked his friend. \"Well, I do have to marry Lin over her,\" he said wrapping an arm around his fiancé's shoulders and producing a lopsided grin. \"Then we can make you a big movie star with fame and fortune. Maybe even score you a famous actress lady, but first things first. We've got to get our luggage.\" Roy had unwound his arm and approached the back of the carriage as he completed the last sentence and was now patting the trunk that carried most of their stuff. What he didn't expect was for the inanimate object to reply by making a patting noise as well. Eyes widening and grin receding, Roy knocked on the chest two times. Two knocking sounds were heard from inside soon after. A series of knocks and pats traveled between the former bandit and the mysterious answering trunk. A look of pure frustration appeared across his face as he grew sick of the echoes. \"Okay, what kind of vermin is in here?\" he questioned, opening the trunk. A mop of familiar chocolate brown hair stuck its head out and replied, \"Charlie Chaplin at your service gent, or should I say 'sir' now that the queen has be-knighted you?\" \"Neither at this moment because what I want to know is why the heck you followed us all the way across the sea and then some?\" Roy demanded as the orphan jumped out of the trunk and dusted himself off. Charlie contemplated the question for a moment, \"You know, I'm not quite sure meself, sir. I guess it's because of the prospect of all that adventure that follows you. Also, you should've kept your chocolates with you. They go fast when 12-yr-old has to stay cramped inside a small dark space for a few weeks.\" \"Number One, kid, I don't believe that sappy lame excuse. Number Two, these 'adventures' of mine are a bunch of traumatizing events; for example, now I never want to go bobbing-for-apples because 'someone' kept dunking my head repeatedly in some dirty river water.\" \"I said I was sorry already,\" Chon argued fruitlessly. Ignoring that comment, Roy continued, \"And Number Three, you ate MY chocolates, so I'm going to send your behind and all the rest of ya back to Britain or England or whatever you call that folks call that country.\" \"Please, sir, anything but that,\" Charlie begged. \"Roy, com here,\" Chon said, gesturing his friend to come over and taking him off to the side. \"Why are you being so mean again? He helped us back in London, remember?\" \"Yeah, but he also stole from us, remember that?\" Roy pointed out. \"Give him a chance,\" Chon reasoned. \"Let him stay for know, but if he gets into any trouble I'll be the one to buy him the ticket back home.\" \"Okay, fine,\" he sighed. \"The little rascal stays, but I'm only doing this because I'm a kind-hearted soul.\" Chon just rolled his eyes at that statement as Roy turned back to Charlie. \"Alright, brat, you can tag along with us,\" Roy said, watching as the boy's eyes began to light up and his shoulders relax in relief. \"But only on the condition that you keep your snitch-y little hands to yourself. You can't steal from me, from John or Lin, from all the other people in Hollywood, heck you can't even take something from that blasted horse that keeps pooping every five seconds over there. \"I think I can manage,\" Charlie nodded. \"Come on then, let's get to the hotel,\" Roy sighed once more. \"I've had enough drama for one day.\" \"Mr. Wyatt Earp?\" a voice called out. The group turned to see a young dirty-blonde-haired girl standing in the middle of the road. Clothed in what looked like cowboy attire, though her gun holster carried no gun, she ran over to them. The worn dark-colored hat she wore had feathers attached to the side. Her blue eyes shone brightly against the sun. A small age-worn photograph was gingerly held in her brown gloved hand. \"Huh? What?\" Roy stuttered, obviously confused. \"Kid, how do you know my real name?!\" \"I'm terribly sorry for the dram, but I'm Wren, your daughter .\" To be continued… ","Summary":" Shanghai Natives Disclaimer: I take no credit in the making of Shanghai Noon or Shanghai Knights; i"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"A Story of Love","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4622246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"A Story of Love\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: PG-13 for mild violence Summary: O'Bannon needs his own hero to save the day. Warnings: Slash Disclaimer: Roy O'Bannon, Chon Wang, and Shanghai Noon/Knights are & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. Everything else is & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. With a brave yell bolstering forth from the top of his lungs, he charged. Bullets blazed all around him as he fired his own guns at a rate more rapid than the eye could see. A bullet suddenly exploded in his shoulder. He knew it was only a flesh wound even as he went down, but the more immediate, and far more dangerous, threat was the posse closing in on our hero from all sides. With the sudden lethality of a rattlesnake's strike, another gun fired. Six bullets were fired, and each met their mark with the proficiency of an expert. As the last bandit fell, the shooter stepped forward, and the legendary Roy O'Bannon felt himself at a loss for words. Here was a man who had saved whole villages single-handedly; bested the greatest gambler of the West, Ezra Standish, with his own card; and won over Kings but who could barely even breathe now as his best friend came forward. He didn't bother to tell himself it was the bullet that had ripped a painful, gory hole in his arm, because he had never been the type of man to lie about his feelings. He watched, blue eyes wide and lungs struggling for breath, as his hero strode boldly forward. He gazed at him from almond eyes underneath a wild shock of ebony mane. He reached down a yellow hand, and Roy gladly took it. \"You seem to make a habit of falling down, Roy.\" The Chinese Kid's words were a gentle tease, but Roy was serious as he answered softly, \"Only when you're around to catch me.\" He pulled him close, and the two men kissed in the final rays of the setting sun. Roy paused, a grin lighting his face. His quill was still raised, but he had to take a moment to admire his own work. His smile spread from ear to ear. There was no way Chon would be able to stay mad at him after this; he'd have to let him out of the doghouse! The End ","Summary":" Title: \"A Story of Love\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: PG-13 for mild violence Summary: O'Bannon "},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Pinky Fuman's Great Adventure","Author":"Arwench","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1606031","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Written years ago. Short and immature. Just the way we like it. The Story of Pinky Fuman In the days when the Wild West was close to being tamed, there were many events on the trail to civilization of the area. This gripping occurrence took place in the early 1870's, near a thriving little town where a stretch of railroad was scheduled to be positioned. It was a day in which you would open your eyes to greet the sunshine, and want to close them again. In spite of the weather, there was still work to be done on the railroad. The individuals who were hired to work on the Pacific Railway assembly were a hardy bunch, who were mainly Chinese. Although they loved their work and took pride in every bit of it, they would not give up their traditions of drinking hot tea, braiding their long manes, and practicing Pinky Fu, a form of marshal arts in which leverage was more important than brute strength. It just so happens that on this dreary day, the workers came upon a large mountain, which they were required to drill a tunnel through. They unenthusiastically approached the mountain, hammers and drills in hand, and started excavating the tunnel. Much to their delight it was soft limestone, which was easy to sever. One man on the crew of workers was small, and rather alienated from the rest of his associates. This man's name was Pinky Woo. No one else on the crew besides him knew it, but he was an expert in the art of Pinky Fu. In China, his home country, he was called Pinky Fuman because of his heroic deeds performed anonymously using Pinky Fu. Unlike most masters, he was true to the name of Pinky Fu, and used only his pinky to prevail in perilous situations. Unknown to the crew of workers, the soft limestone consistency of the mountain was both helpful and hindering. The reason for this is that, although limestone is easy to cut through, it is dangerously crumbly and, at the smallest disturbance, will cave in, crushing anyone or anything that is under it. This was an exceptionally bad day to be tunneling through soft limestone because the rain made it even weaker. As the crew of diggers made their way to the heart of the mountain, they heard a soft rumbling noise and felt the ground shake under their feet. Then, they saw the walls of the cavern shake, and bits of sediment were being shaken off of the walls in chunks the size of a small boulder. At this time, Pinky Woo decided that keeping his identity secret wasn't worth his life and the life of the other workers, and instantly transformed by the art of the Fu into Pinky Fuman! He then held the tunnel up using only his pinky and directed the other workers to retrieve wooden planks from town to use as support beams for the tunnel. When the support beams had been constructed, the supervisor was so grateful to Pinky Woo that he gave all of the workers a week off of work. When they returned the next week, they found the rock more stable and burrowed until they saw the light of the sun. At the end of the tunnel there were the wives and children of the workers to greet them and the rainbow in the sky stretched all the way to China. ","Summary":" A/N: Written years ago. Short and immature. Just the way we like it. The Story of Pinky Fuman In th"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Touching Never","Author":"Armida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3669818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Touching Never By Armida Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Spyglass Entertainment and Touchstone Pictures. No infringement is intended. A/N: Here's another one I wrote back in 2001. It's unrelated to the 'Following' series -- this is a completely different way I've found to make Chon and Roy unhappy. I've revised it slightly. Thanks to Sara for the beta and the endless patience -- I owe you one. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Summer was ending. As the season began to change, Chon could feel Roy slipping further away from him. It had come on gradually, like the approaching chill of autumn. They never spoke of it, but Chon could read Roy's restlessness in every forced smile, every lengthy silence. Chon felt helpless against the certainty that Roy was leaving him. Alone in the jailhouse office, Chon stared at the telegram in his hand. He reread it for the dozenth time, knowing that the seemingly innocent words could hold freedom for Roy. Now it remained for Chon to find the courage to use them. Physically Roy was still there. They still shared a home and a bed, yet bit by bit it was all coming to an end. Chon felt a sick panic at the thought of losing Roy, however a lifetime of loneliness had left him unprepared for the reality of being with another person. Chon's own experience of love and companionship was limited to these last few months. He felt adrift, and had to acknowledge his own fear. Unlovable an insidious voice whispered in the back of his mind. oooooooooooooooooo (Four months earlier) Uncomfortable at being the focus of so much attention, Chon slipped away from the celebration to honor Pei Pei as soon as he could gracefully do so. Roy was in his element, retelling the story of their showdown with Lo Fong and Van Cleef at the mission to a crowd of eager listeners, each time embellishing the tale further. There seemed to be a glow around him and no one was immune to his charm tonight. Roy was light and energy and Chon ached for him with a quiet desperation. With effort, Chon tore his eyes away and walked into the darkness. Outside the barren and rocky clearing of the railroad camp, far from the firelight and revelry of the celebration, Chon lay on the soft grass of the hillside and looked up at the stars. Chon wished he knew what the future held for him, where his place was on this earth. Of one thing he was certain, he would not return to China. Chon admitted to himself that the answers to all of his questions could be answered in a word from Roy. Will you stay with me? // he would ask, if he could find the words. Now past his 40th year, Chon was profoundly saddened to realize that he could defeat half a dozen men in hand to hand combat, but knew nothing of the human heart. He'd spent the bulk of his life in a barracks with a hundred other men who regarded him as a clumsy but entertaining nuisance, the target of everyone's scorn. He'd never been truly close to another person other than his uncle. Roy made him long for things he'd never known and of which he'd only dreamed. Chon closed his eyes and remembered the afternoon with Roy at Goldie's. Caught up in a haze of drunkenness and desire, they'd become lovers. Sex was not unknown to him, but he sublime pleasure of intimacy with someone he loved was a revelation. Chon naively believed that Roy cold not have been untouched by what they had shared, and at that moment, Chon had felt certain that his destiny lay with this man who had opened up his mind and his heart. Yet only a few minutes later, he'd heard the chilling words Roy had spoken to Fifi. 'He's not my friend. He's a Chinaman.' What was he to Roy, nothing more than a convenient warm body -- or something more? Sensing he was no longer alone, Chon opened his eyes and, as if his longings had conjured him, Roy was standing over him, silhouetted against the night sky. His heart constricted painfully. \"I wondered where you'd wandered off to. What are you doing all alone out here when there's a party going on?\" Roy asked. \"It was too much. Everyone acting like I'm a hero.\" \"I hear you, partner.\" Roy lowered himself to the ground and stretched out beside Chon. \"I kind of needed a break myself from all the well-wishing.\" Chon turned to look at Roy, his profile barely visible in the starlight. \"Oh come on. You love it.\" Roy laughed softly. \"OK, you got me there. It's kind of nice being the good guy for a change. In fact . . . in fact, I think I could get used to it.\" Chon turned back to look at the stars, staring at the universe spread out before him until he felt dizzy. He was trying so hard not to hope . . . \"You know,\" Roy continued, \"they want us to become lawmen, and stay here in Carson City.\" \"I heard that,\" Chon replied carefully. \"I mean, the whole thing is crazy, asking me to be a lawman but, well, why not? Why not give it a shot? It's not like I have anything else out there waiting for me, and you told me you didn't want to go back to China. We make a great team. Just think, you and me, bringing justice and order to this town. How about it partner, are you game?\" Chon could feel Roy's eyes on him, and he turned his head to find Roy so close they were nose to nose. Joy rushed over him and stole his breath. \"How about it, Chon?\" Roy lay on his side, their lips almost met and his breath whispered warm across Chon's face. Chon wanted to laugh out loud with happiness, to weep, to sing with joy. Roy wanted him. Instead he simply said, \"Yes, Roy.\" \"Well, all right then. All right then.\" Their lips met, and Roy shifted to lie on top of him, obscuring his view of the skies. Chon closed his eyes and accepted Roy's kiss, accepted his future. ooooooooooooooooooooooo So, they'd settled into their shared life as lawmen in Carson City. He loved Roy and it seemed Roy felt the same way. Carried away by the momentum of his feelings, Chon didn't want to question anything. Chon flourished in the confines of home and community, and for a brief, glorious time it had almost seemed that Roy was also content. They were partners and lovers, and Chon would never have believed that such happiness existed. A sheriff's life had seemed like a glamorous call to adventure, but Carson City was no longer a lawless frontier town. They had been given a small house -- practically a hovel compared to the splendor of the Forbidden City -- but it was the first place he could call his own and to Chon it was grander than any palace. Chon loved waking up there every morning, next to the man he loved. He loved the routine of riding into Carson City every morning to their office. He found challenges and excitement in even the most mundane aspects of being a lawman. He took charge of the day to day aspects of their job, as Roy had neither the interest nor temperament for administrative tasks. In a foreign country, speaking a language he had barely mastered, Chon had found his true home. \"I love you,\" Chon had said that first night, but his answer was only silence. Their relationship had been defined by silence. Words only seemed to bring trouble. Sitting companionably on their front porch one evening, Chon had given voice once again to his feelings. \"I thought about you my whole life,\" Chon said. Roy looked bemused. \"What? Chon, what are you talking about? You only met me two months ago.\" \"I mean I dreamed of finding you . . . that someday I would . . . \" Roy's expression was not encouraging. Chon stopped, feeling suddenly foolish. \"Chon . . . \" Roy's voice had been pained and embarrassed. Chon learned to keep his silence. He told himself that the only thing that mattered was that he was with Roy, that Roy was the air he breathed, the heart that beat within him, the soul that gave his life meaning. ooooooooooooooooooooo On a clear June day, they'd ridden back from the railroad camp. Under the shade of a large oak they'd reined in their horses. Roy had kissed him and pressed him against the smooth bark of the tree. \"I love you\" Roy had said, but there was no joy in his voice. The words seemed torn from him, and he hadn't met Chon's eyes. An aching pressure built in his chest as he finally began to understand that his love was a prison to Roy. Roy had only said those words that one time. Ooooooooooooooooooooo (One day earlier) Chon found Roy alone at the edge of their property, leaning on a fence, his eyes searching the distance in the fading sunlight. The chipped blue ice of his eyes was stark contrast to the warm pink and orange hues of the sunset. Chon stopped breathing, stopped moving, and just stared. Roy was the embodiment of everything he had ever wanted and knew he would never have -- but now he did have him. Making Roy stay with him out of guilt and loyalty was dishonorable, but for once Chon cared nothing for honor. His life had always been about sacrifice. He'd spent his whole life trying to do the right thing, doing as he was told. For once he wanted something for himself. He wanted Roy -- loved Roy -- and found it had been frighteningly easy to set his conscience aside and hold on to him for as long as he could. But what was he holding on to? Roy didn't acknowledge his presence, but from the angle of his head Chon could tell Roy knew he was there. He knew everything about Roy except the mysteries of his heart, and he did not know the words to ask. For a moment Chon was paralyzed by guilt, love and desire; his weakness shamed and angered him. Tentatively he approached Roy and placed a hand on his arm. He could feel the brittle tension of Roy's body and pulled his hand back quickly. \"Tell me,\" Chon gently urged, but Roy as always pretended to misunderstand. He smiled at Chon, enfolded him in his arms and kissed him, but the light in his eyes was gone. What Chon now read there filled him only with sorrow. \"Go\" he wanted to say, but love and fear still kept him silent. \"Go back to the house. I'll be there in a minute,\" Roy said. \"All right,\" Chon said, but his complacency grated on him. For one more night, he would allow Roy the fiction he seemed so determined to preserve that everything was as it should be. He waited for Roy until close to midnight before heading to bed. Some time later, Chon heard Roy return to the house, heard his soft footfalls as he entered the bedroom. The mattress sagged as Roy sat on the edge of the bed, his back to Chon. Chon could reach over and touch Roy if he wanted, yet the distance between them now seemed insurmountable. The silence weighed on him, pressing against him, suffocating him -- until Roy's voice shattered the unnatural calm. \"I wish I was the man you think I am.\" The words were like a physical blow, almost making Chon gasp with pain. \"You are. You are everything.\" Why couldn't Roy see that? Why couldn't Chon make him believe that? \"I can't be.\" Roy's anguished whisper cut Chon to the bone. Slowly, Roy shifted to face him. In the lamplight, his eyes were haunted. Just say it , Chon thought. Just tell me you are leaving. I can't bear this. \"Roy --\" Chon began, but his words were silenced by Roy's mouth on his, his kiss hot and demanding. Despite himself, Chon surrendered to the deep, hard, openmouthed embrace. At least they still had this, the one thing that was still right between them. ooooooooooooooooooo Reality returned to Chon through a dense fog, as if he were walking towards a place that he did not know. What had just happened had been entirely physical and raw. It was wonderful, but it wasn't the essence of what he wanted. Whatever magic they did have was not love, and it was no longer enough. \"Roy, if you are unhappy --\" \"Shh. Please, Chon. Everything is OK. Go to sleep.\" With those words, he turned away to face the wall. Chon lay there for hours in dry-eyed misery, listening to the even sound of Roy's breathing. He was so tired, tired beyond sleep, tired of pretending; tired of wanting things from Roy that he was unable to give. This had to end. For the first time, Chon allowed himself to envision a life without Roy and, to his surprise, it did not seem as impossible as it once had. Roy had crept out silently as the sky began to lighten. Chon feigned sleep until Roy left, then he rose and watched silently from the window as Roy rode away. As always, the house already seemed sterile and empty without him. ooooooooooooooooooooooooo Chon put the telegram down on the desk and stood. He knew what he had to do; there never had really been any question. The decision, once made, seemed to free him from months of paralysis. As had become customary, Roy was out on an unspecified errand and Chon had not seen him since that morning. He walked to the window and looked out into the street. A cold wind had blown into town overnight, and passersby had turned up their collars against the chill. Chon added more wood to the small stove in the corner. Early in the afternoon, the front door opened and Roy entered, studiously avoiding Chon's eyes as he removed his jacket and busied himself with hanging it on the coat rack. Looking at Roy was like looking at a ghost. Everything about him that Chon had fallen in love with was already gone. I have done this to him . Chon's heart froze. Any remaining doubt was swept away. \"Roy.\" \"Hey there, partner. I've just been out scouting --\" Chon cut him off, sparing them both Roy's explanations. \"That came from the telegraph office this morning,\" he said, nodding at the desk. \"It's from Silver City.\" Roy picked up the slip of paper and read disinterestedly. \"Payroll job, huh? Sounds like the one we had here last month.\" \"Yes. They want someone to go out there.\" Roy's half hearted attempt to pay attention was painful to see. \"When do you leave?\" \"I think you should go.\" Roy's head snapped up and he finally met Chon's eyes. \"What?\" \"Go,\" Chon repeated. He did not have to say what they both knew: if Roy left, he would not return. Roy's eyes searched Chon's face, but he returned Roy's look evenly, betraying nothing. Chon had become an expert at pretending. After all, he had learned from Roy. Silence again, and Chon turned away, making a show of leafing through some 'Wanted' posters. \"I should probably leave right away. I'll just ride to the house, pack a few things, and be on my way.\" Don't explain, please. \"Good idea.\" Roy made no move to leave. \"I'll probably be gone at least a week or two.\" Just go. Stop talking. I'm making this easy for you. \"Yes.\" He turned to face Roy. \"I'll keep an eye on things here.\" \"Chon . . . \" Roy walked over to him and put a hand on his arm. For a brief moment, in Roy's eyes Chon could read such an intensity of guilt, sorrow, longing, and desperation that Chon could only gaze back, numb and heartsick. Neither of them spoke, but the silence was pregnant with unspoken words. Chon felt a sickening fear that Roy would open up to him now, when it was too late. But, true to form, Roy's face went blank and he even smiled slightly. \"All right, partner.\" He leaned in and kissed Chon quickly, his lips hot as a brand; a mournful voice in Chon's head intoned last time . Turning, Roy retrieved his coat and left without looking back. And just like that, he was gone. \"'Sayonara,' Roy,\" Chon whispered at the closed door. oooooooooooooooooooooo During the rest of the day at work, Chon could pretend that Roy would be there waiting at their house when he returned that night. Despite himself, he allowed himself one last fantastic hope -- Roy would be there waiting for him, his blue eyes shining, his lips quirked up in a grin. \"I love you, Chon,\" he would say. \"I want to stay here with you.\" The time for such foolish longings was over. Long after dark he lingered in the empty jailhouse, knowing that as soon as he rode home and came upon their dark, silent house, everything would be irrevocably finshed. As he sat, the fire in the stove burned down and the cold began to seep in. Chon shivered. This is cowardly , he thought. I can't sit here forever. With that he rose, trimmed the lamp, and headed out into the night. He expected the anger and pain would be unbearable, but instead he didn't feel much of anything at all other than an almost vague sense of relief that it was ended. Roy had his freedom. Perhaps now he would be able to find the elusive happiness that Chon hadn't seemed to be able to provide. He would try to feel no bitterness or regret. He was a fortunate man; he had a purpose in life and people he cared about. He was accustomed to loneliness. It would not be so difficult to bear, because for one summer he'd had the love of an extraordinary man. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I did write a sequel to this that I've never shown to anyone. I'm working on editing it and will post soon. ","Summary":" Touching Never By Armida Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Spyglass Entertainment and Touchstone"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"The Greatest Defender","Author":"Setsumi-san","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4453167","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Greatest Defender A Chon/Pei Pei drabble by Setsumi-san Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Spyglass Entertainment and Buena Vista pictures. I do not, never have, and never will plan to make any money off this fanfic. XXXXX When Princess Pei Pei returned home she did not expect to find her husband with a river of blood gushing from his nose. Rushing to him with a cool towel, she exclaimed, \"Who hurt you?!\" \"Just remember most of our people love you,\" Chon replied. \"That is not an answer.\" \"Well, an older man call you…a spoiled whore… and say if you really cared about railroad worker's rights you would have come here sooner. \" She gave him a kiss as soft as satin. The princess was the people's champion, but she was not the greatest defender in the room. XXXXX ","Summary":" The Greatest Defender A Chon/Pei Pei drabble by Setsumi-san Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Sp"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Untitled","Author":"Duskwraithe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1715510","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N: I promise that I never saw \"Following\" and I didn't take your idea!nand unfortunately I own nothing that I write about. Please review; it'llnmake my day.) John was the happiest he'd been all day when Roy had galloped up to savenhim. Together, they beat up Lo Fung, dodged various bullets, and gallopednoff into the sunset. Or, it would have been the sunset, had it not beennalmost midnight and had they been heading west. One of Roy's favorite things to say had been, \"John, get your hand off me.\"nBut now, as John clung to him from behind, Roy said nothing and in factnseemed reluctant to get off the horse when they arrived. They set up camp in a clearing in the forest. Roy tied the horses to nearbyntrees while John started a fire. What little food they had with them wasnroasted, along with a rabbit Roy had managed to shoot (after he had barelynmissed a catfish, a deer and a flying squirrel). They ate in companionable, if tense, silence; but when the food was gonenand the fire no more than glowing embers, John had to ask the question thatnhad been on his mind since Roy's return. \"What happened, Roy? Why did you follow me?\" Roy didn't take his eyes off the fire. \"I told you. You're a greenhorn,nremember? You wouldn't last a day out here.\" John was nonplussed. \"And I told you I was going alone.\" \"Yeah, so? You went alone. So did I. We met when we got there.\" \"Roy, you said! You said you weren't my friend! I want to know what madenyou change your mind.\" Roy sighed in exasperation. \"You didn't listen, John. I tried to tell you.nI was talking to a girl; it's doesn't count.\" John just glared. Roy gave in. \"So I lied to her! I was showing off! Are you happy?\" John was getting a little riled. \"And how do I know you won't lie to me asnwell? You did it once before.\" Angry now. \"You want to know the real reason? It was because I missed you.nYou left, and I just didn't know what to do with myself because frankly,nyou, John, are my best and only friend.\" \"Oh, it's all about you, isn't it? You depend on me because I'm the onlynone who will keep you company. You always act so selfish. I should havenknown there was more to why you came to help me than my being an'greenhorn'.\" \"God, John, it's not all about me. You know me better than that! If younHAVE to know, I came after you because I love you!\" John didn't allow himself to believe him. \"What's that supposed to mean?nYou can't win me over any other way so you resort to trying to butter menup? That is bullshit.\" His only reply was to grab John and kiss him full on the lips. John was sonsurprised that it was all he could to do keep from passing out: but in thatnmoment of silence he read in Roy's mouth that he hadn't been lying or evennexaggerating. He had been making understatements. Roy pulled away and searched John's eyes for something; anything. John'snbrain had flown out the window and his quick reflexes and standoffishnirritability gone for once in his life. But his eyes would not betray himneven now; and as Roy's desperately bright blue ones delved into the fullndepths of John's deeply brown ones, he found love. John noticed this and finally allowed his tingling lips to turn up in anresigned smile. \"Did you have to wait until I'd left to tell me?\" \"I had to wait until you'd left before I realized it myself! It took annentire 10 minutes for me to realize that you John, were the only thing innmy life that was worth living for.\" Roy felt John's hand caress his hair asnthey kissed again, this time deeper, slower, softer. John chuckled into Roy's mouth, and broke off so he could look Roynseriously in the eye. Almost seriously. \"I could have told you that.\" Roy punctuated each of his words with a tiny kiss. \"You know, I think I'mninfluencing you.\" \"I will never be as big a rapscallion as you, Roy O'Bannon.\" Roy grinned as he waded in the bliss of John kissing his neck.n\"Rapscallion, that's great... I love that about you, John; you use allnthese cool words... I also love your hair...\" He took both hands and lost them in John's soft shiny locks that were morenperfect than any hair he'd ever seen. Playing with it, combing his slendernfingers through it, massaging his scalp until John moaned softly at thensensations. Roy laughed but didn't stop. \"God, I love your hair! I havenwanted to do that ever since I met you, John. You rendered me speechless.\" John grinned happily and his now intense chocolate eyes reflected thenorange, glowing embers that lit a mischievous glint that Roy had never seennbefore. \"And I'd do it again.\" Roy was stunned by a mass of muscle, hot wet mouth, and strong roamingnhands; John had tackled him and he now lay on his back being shaggednsenseless. John's dark locks hung in Roy's face and neck and he had nevernbeen so happy. The fire died out completely as the night wore on, but they were far fromnnoticing. ","Summary":" (A/N: I promise that I never saw \"Following\" and I didn't take your idea!nand unfortunately I own"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Our Inside Joke","Author":"Setsumi-san","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4131164","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our Inside Joke (A.K.A. Yes Sheo, I did write this just to scar you. Just kidding, man. Blame my slash fangirl gene.) A fanfic by Setsumi-san XXXXXXXX Disclaimer: Shanghai Noon belongs to Spyglass Entertainment. I do not, never have, and never will plan to make any money off this fanfic. I'm just basically playing dolls with the characters. XXXXXXXX \"Ahh! Nothing like kicking up your heels with an ounce of whiskey after a hard day's work, huh Chon?\" Roy O'Bannon sighed happily as they sat in Carson City's busiest saloon. Chon, seemingly lost in thought, or at least in his beer, just nodded. He wasn't in the mood for small talk right now since he had been forced to pay their tab again. All right, so he was actually more exhausted than annoyed with Roy's poverty (even if he did squander most of his money on the cathouses). \"Hey buddy, you mad at me? You've been awfully quiet all evening,\" Roy said. \"No, partner. You would know it if I was angry with you because I'd whack you harder than I did the time we were stuck in our long johns in that cactus patch,\" he replied, smiling slightly. \"Hey,\" Roy protested, \"it wasn't my fault that the Falcon Gang liked to lead us on such wild chases so early in the morning.\" \"Roy, we had been chasing after Mister Chase's prized sow, and it turned out that she was running toward the feed store. You led us in the wrong direction.\" O'Bannon grinned sheepishly and chuckled, finally remembering that day. Hey, if they had cleaned up the city so much that escaped pigs were their biggest problem then you had to admit that they pretty damn good lawmen. \"Oh yeah. That was pretty funny though, huh Chon?\" One of the Chinaman's rare Mona Lisa smiles crossed his face. It was odd. Roy never understood why his friend rarely smiled or laughed. Oh sure, he'd chuckle once in a blue moon but he never busted a gut so hard that tears came out of his eyes. Kinda sad, the blonde thought, Chon would probably be able to get the princess a lot more easily if he'd lighten up once in a while. He doesn't know it, but he's really…well… handsome. For some odd reason, the blonde felt himself blush. He quickly shook it off and asked, \"Hey Chon, how come I never hear you laugh? I mean, really laugh.\" \"I don't know. I just never found anything that hilarious,\" the brunette answered. \"You're kidding! Are you telling me that you've never laughed until you couldn't breathe even when you were a kid?\" Roy questioned incredulously. \"Yes.\" \"Well, that settles it. Let's make a bet, partner: I'll try to make you bust a gut before sunset tomorrow, and the loser has to pay the saloon tabs for the rest of the week.\" \"It's a deal.\" XXXXXXXXXX At six A.M. the next morning in the sheriff's office Roy realized that he being funny was harder than it looked. For one thing, a person's sense of humor changed with age. He'd been musing over all the possible things that cracked him up in his lifetime, but none of them seemed like things Chon would like. What could possibly get somebody as serious as he to crack up? I know! Maybe he's a slapstick kind of guy. I mean, he did chuckle when I told him how I dug myself out of the sand, the cowboy thought. \"Hey Chon,\" O'Bannon said. His partner put down the reports he'd been filing and responded, \"Yes, what is it?\" Splurrrrt!! Before he could say fuzzy wuzzy Chon was squirted with a deluge of warm lemonade from a seltzer bottle. The former guard sputtered, gasped, and gagged. Holy crap was it sticky ! \"Roy, what was that for?!\" he shouted. \"That's weird. I always laughed when it happened in Saturday morning cartoons,\" his friend remarked. \"Cartoons haven't even been invented yet!\" \"Go with it, Chon. It advances the plot.\" \"Urgh. Where did you find lemonade anyway? It's not the right growing season.\" \"Oh, I found some in that big old pot over there by the back entrance.\" \"Roy?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Please don't tell me you didn't know that that's where we empty the waste from the jail cells.\" Whoops. XXXXXXXXXX \"C'mon buddy, I said I was sorry about a hundred times,\" the gunman whined. Chon stared straight ahead and angrily bit the inside of his lower lip as they patrolled the street underneath the boiling noon sun. He was still awfully sore about the earlier incident. Roy was a nice guy, but he could also be very immature. \"It wasn't funny,\" he finally said, \"You supposed to make me laugh, not the other way around.\" \"I know; I know. Look, I really do regret what I did and promise you'll be rolling on the floor before sunset.\" \"Hmph.\" \"Y'know, I'd try my best to cheer you up even if nothing was at stake. I can't stand to see you unhappy. I don't want to sound all touchy-feely, but you're the most important person in the world to me.\" \"Really?\" \"Really.\" The former imperial guard's heart fluttered a little faster. Although it still wasn't easy for him to say aloud, Roy was the most important person in the world to him too. They were as different as gold and coal yet he was the only person on Earth who truly cared about him aside from his late uncle. Even his baby sister back home didn't know all of his secrets. Inversely, this strange and smooth talking white man had sort of seduced him. Seduced? Where on earth did that come from? Wang wondered. Before he could muse over it any longer his stomach growled. \"Why don't we get a bite to eat and rest the horses?\" he suggested. \"Good idea,\" the blue-eyed man replied, \"It's about time for a lunch break anyway.\" They rode to the general store and dismounted, but when Roy tried to he got his foot caught in the stirrup and started to fall. He flinched in preparation to hit sharp gravel and dust. Yet much to his surprise he sank into Chon's mighty arms. They stared at each other and blushed furiously. \"Chon?\" Roy breathed softly. \"Yes?\" he murmured. \"There are a whole bunch of fangirls behind us, and it's making me feel reeeally awkward.\" \" SQUEE!!! \" the slash fangirls shrieked gleefully. Wait; let's try that again. XXXXXX \"Chon?\" Roy breathed softly. \"Yes?\" he murmured. \"If cookies are baked, then why aren't they called bake-ies?\" Okay, one more attempt! XXXXXX \"Chon?\" Roy breathed softly. \"Yes?\" he murmured. \"This reminds me of this hilarious joke! A Texan and a Chinese railroad worker walk into a bar and- OW!! \" he exclaimed as he dropped him and stormed inside. XXXXX The ex-outlaw sighed as the late afternoon shadows began to creep over rooftops. It was hopeless. He had tried everything to make his friend laugh: puns, innuendos, funny songs, and even fart jokes! Yet it seemed Chon was destined to have a mule's sense of humor and he was destined to be their drink ticket for the next week. Dammit, what am I gonna do? Sunset's almost here and nothing has tickled his funny bone, the frustrated gunman thought. Suddenly, a flash of insight hit him like a steam engine. It was risky, but if this didn't work on his partner then nothing would! He made his horse gallop at the speed of light over to the general store. He had something very crucial to buy! XXXXX Jingle, jingle, jingle! Chon sat at the desk twirling his cell keys in boredom and wondered if he had scared his partner off. He had to admit that he might have acted too impatient with him. Although Roy had made him want to soak his head in a bucket of ice water at least fifteen times today he was just trying to win a bet. Besides, he was naturally easygoing. He squeezed the key ring a little nervously. If anything had happened to that jackass, he'd…he'd…be there to get him out of it in a heartbeat. Who was he kidding? Despite all of the blonde's faults they were still two peas in a pod. Just then, as if Fate could read his mind, Roy came in the creaky wooden door with something behind his back. \"Did you sneak off of duty to go play cards again?\" he asked. \"Nah, I just bought something much more entertaining than cards,\" he answered. Wang curiously raised an eyebrow as the cowboy revealed that he had a feather duster behind his back. If Roy said he liked something more then drinking, gambling, or sex then it was worth paying attention to. What was so entertaining about that? \"Close your eyes for a second, Chon,\" Roy said. The brunette looked distrustfully at his friend. \"C'mon, I promise I won't borrow change from your coat pocket,\" he insisted. \"Why would I suspect that?\" he asked. \"You wouldn't. I mean it's not like I've been doing that for the last three weeks and owe you fifteen bucks or anything. Anyway, just close your eyes.\" He sighed and obeyed. For a moment it was so quiet that it seemed as though he was the only person in the universe. What kind of harebrained notion could have possibly come to Roy involving a feather duster and why? Then something wispy briefly brushed against his ribs and evoked the strangest jolting sensation. It felt like hair, cotton, or… Out of nowhere the jolt grew into a lit fuse that was a smile. The thing was dancing across him now and he couldsense that somewonderful alien force was about to explode out of his body. \"Pfft! Mmm,\" Chon sputtered, trying to hold his breath. \"Oh no you don't,\" Roy teased. He couldn't hold it back anymore. A spectacular authentic guffaw erupted out of him and shook the room. Roy drank in the noise and joined in. It was so rewarding to finally hear this. Chon's laughter was as wild as a New Year's Eve party and charming as a diamond necklace. His friend couldn't believe he'd never done it before. \"Roy! Roy! Ahahahahahaa! Please sto- ha, ha, haaaa!!\" the Chinaman begged. The blonde grinned mischievously and kept tickling the cinnamon skinned man until he fell out of his chair. He pinned him down and joyfully watched him thrash with his marble white smile gleaming. \"Say uncle?\" O'Bannon asked playfully. \" Bwahahahahahaha! Uncle, uncle, UNCLE !!\" Wang screamed. Roy tossed away the feather duster and they both stayed there panting for a while. It was at times like these that their bond felt ten times tighter than usual. The Asian man looked so…sexy… pinned underneath him. Yes, no more denying the \"s\" word. Who cared if he wasn't white or female? Chon knew him better than anyone, and he couldn't think of anybody he'd rather pursue a genuine relationship with. He decided it was now or never, took a deep breath, and kissed his partner quickly on the forehead. Chon instantly froze and stared at Roy with the expression of a stunned deer. Did Roy really just kiss him? He tried to let the sensation sink in, but the head on his shoulders was not the one doing the thinking then. His partner felt his hard and eager cock and smirked flirtatiously. At least there's no doubt about whether he likes me too, Roy thought. Chon sat up and murmured, \"Roy, I…I don't know what to say.\" \"You know, I meant it when I said you're the most important person in the world to me, Chon. I know this is a new and shocking experience for us, but I want to get to know you better all the same. I really like you, partner,\" the gunman said. \"I do too, but how can we do that? People here in Carson City would literally string us up if they knew how we felt.\" \"Who says they gotta know?\" \"But-\" \"Listen. I don't know where this'll take us either, but I'm willing to do whatever it takes even keep it a secret. Besides, we've been in rougher spots than this. Don't think of it as dirty laundry; think of it as our inside joke.\" \"Inside joke?\" \"Yeah. Whenever we have a bad day we can just look at each other and happily know that nobody else knows what a great thing we share.\" \"Yes… Yes, I like that idea.\" They kissed more earnestly and Wang moaned as O'Bannon's right hand cupped his ass. He could still taste a hint of the whiskey the blonde had a few hours ago. Roy's entire being burned passionately. Sheesh, why hadn't he found somebody this fucking mind-blowing sooner? After they parted Chon smirked and pointed to the window. O'Bannon looked confused, and then groaned when he saw that it was long past sunset. Dammit! \"You know what that means,\" the brunette said triumphantly. \"Okay, okay, okay. You win, but I have to start paying on our first official outing,\" he insisted. Fin. Well, here's my first Shanghai Noon fanfic! Love it? Loathe it? Compliments and constructive criticism are appreciated. Flames will be used to roast marshmellows. ","Summary":" Our Inside Joke (A.K.A. Yes Sheo, I did write this just to scar you. Just kidding, man. Blame my sl"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"daĸoтa'ѕ jυdge","Author":"invisiblemirage","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4093858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thensun beat down on the Nevada plains. The open sky held a vision of annorange sunset. Mustangs roamed the grasslands, while birds soared,ndominating the sky. Every now and then, they would coast gently downnto earth. All was peaceful. Inntown, people wandered, some aimlessly and some not, up and down thendusty streets. Horses were tied outside storefronts, wagons hitchednbehind them. Every now and then, respectable women would walk bynwith friends or husbands, frowning at the uproar in the bar. \"Shamenwhat the town's come to, isn't it?\" One woman remarked to hernsister. Hernsister nodded. Insidenthe saloon, yet another fight was breaking out. Two cowboys stoodnface to face, one a little taller, one a little smarter . . . in anway. In Roy's eyes, they were evenly matched, with him having thenadvantage. He considered himself the smarter one. \"Indon't think you can do it.\" Bart taunted. Bart wasn't thensmartest cowboy around, but he was the biggest. At Six feet, sevenninches, he was the tallest man in town, let alone the most arrogantncowboy in Bull's Eye Saloon. He stared down at Roy. \"No one can.\" Roynwanted to hit Bart right in the gut, except he knew he'd be killednright on the spot. \"It's easy. I could ride that thing all daynand all night.\" Another shot of whiskey and maybe he could thrownthe first punch, too. He grabbed the glass from the round woodenntable, and drank it down in one gulp, slamming the glass on the tablenfor emphasis. Another man refilled it for him, knowing he'd soonnneed more. \"You'renan idiot, Roy. If anyone could ride that thing, it'd be me.\" Bartnswallowed the contents of his glass even faster than Roy had, andnslammed it on the table. The man refilled his, too. Bart picked it upnand drank it down once more, and slammed his glass on the tablenagain. \"Guessnwhat,\" Roy said, almost halfway drunk. \"I've done it before.\" \"Tellnyou what. You meet me at Kessman's, noon tomorrow. You ride thatnbronc for twenty second, don't die, and don't jump off, in thenprocess, and I'll give ya fifty, cash. I ain't givin' it to yanany other way.\" Roynshook Bart's hand. \"Done!\" Bartnswung his other hand around and smacked Roy right in the jaw. \"Infelt like that.\" Roynstraightened, fire burning in his eyes for being insulted by thendrunk cowboy. He punched Bart right in his beer belly, and laughed. Henwasn't laughing at Bart. He was laughing at his misfortune atnhaving this awful day. First, he had arranged for himself to ridensome bronc. Second, he was about to die for picking a fight with thenmeanest cowboy in the bar. Bartnstraightened, infuriated. He reeled back, and hauled Roy off thenground, pinning him against the wall. Hisnbreath stank. Roy tried not to breathe. \"You picked the wrongncowboy, little man.\" Bart taunted. \"And now you're gonna pay.\" \"Oh,nI ain't payin'.\" Roy said. \"You are. But first-\" He callednto the whiskey refilling man. \"Can I get some whiskey for the mannwith the reeking breath?\" \"Whiskey!\"nThe man called, smashing the bottle over Bart's oversize head. Henlet go of Roy, and Roy slid to the ground, landing on his feet. Henpulled a chair out from under a man, and used it to club Bart as hencame after him. Bart tore a wooden leg off the chair, and tossed itnbehind him, positively seething. Thenleg hit an innocent bystander, who just happened to be so drunk, hencouldn't see straight. Assuming the man next to him had deliverednthe blow, he stood up, grabbed his whiskey, poured it on his head,nand then took the bottle and broke it on the man's head. The mannretaliated, angrily, and soon, fights erupted all over the bar. Mennprovoked each other, then retaliated by throwing each other over thenbar counter and back again. Several were dragged up the stairs to thenrooms above, and then thrown off the loft, and then getting up tonfight back. Glass bottles flew, shattering upon contact on walls,nstairs, and people. Royndrew his pistol and used it as a club to attack Bart. He got in angood hit before Bart came back at him and slugged Roy with his fist.nRoy had a slight disadvantage in the fact that he was both shorternand thinner, but where Bart had flab and a beer belly, Roy had purenmuscle. But where Roy had two six shooters and happy-go-lucky aim,nBart had two six shooters, a throwing knife, and decent aim. \"Comenon, Roy, you got this one . . . oh no you don't. You're gonnandie.\" Roy whispered to himself. Roynmanaged to club Bart one more time with his pistol, then had to pullnout another chair as Bart furiously charged toward him. He couldnbarely hold him back. Bartncame toward Roy slowly, letting the chaos around him add dramaticneffect. He wrenched the chair from Roy's hands, and snapped it innhalf. Grabbing Roy by the arms, he hauled him off the ground oncenmore. Roynbit his lip as Bart cast him toward the window. Thisnwas really going to hurt. Henhit the glass face first, crashing through as if in slow motion. Henlanded rolling off his head and onto his back. Standing up, he shooknsome dust and shards of glass off of him, preparing to go back in. Anothernwindow shattered as another man tumbled through it. \"John?\"nRoy asked the Chinese man on the ground beside him. \"You were innthere? The whole time?\" John,nwhose real name was Chon Wang, grinned. \"Yes. I saw you get beatnup.\" \"Inain't done yet, John. I'm goin' back in.\" Roy yanked open thendoor to the saloon and found Bart amidst all the chaos. He sluggednhim in both his eyes, and slammed his fist into Bart's jaw. Henducked as Bart lazily swung back. The man was almost out of steam. Henclubbed him with his six shooter one last time, and watched as henfell, awed that he had won the fight. \"Inalmost pity you, buddy. You'll be feelin' that in the morning.\"nHe tipped his beaten black hat. \"See ya at noon. Bring the fifty.\" 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Roynslept late the next day, waking up around ten. He crawled out of bednand pulled on some clothes, and went to find John. 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 \"Whatnbet did you make this time?\" Chon asked as he saddled his paintnstallion, Spirit. \"Easynfifty. All I have to do is last twenty seconds on some bull atnKessman's.\" Roy placed the saddle on the back of his midnightnblack stallion, Sparrow. He slid it back about an inch so the horse'snhair would lie flat and not be irritated during the ride. \"Howndrunk were you when you made that bet?\" Chon asked, sliding the bitninto Spirit's mouth and the bridle over his ears. Roynshrugged. \"Only about halfway. Why?\" Chonngrinned, grateful his face was hidden behind Spirit's broad necknand Roy had his back to him. \"No reason.\" \"Letnme guess.\" Roy walked around his horse to face Chon. \"You'renabout to tell me that Kessman's horse is tougher than the toughnstock. You're gonna tell me I'm gonna break my neck. You'renabout to say something like, oh, I don't know, Roy you're crazy?\" \"Yep.\"nChon replied. \"My advice - no gumbai before ride.\" \"John.nYou know I don't speak Mandarin.\" Roy put the bridle on Sparrow,ntightening it a notch. \"Nondrinking games before the ride.\" \"Why?nHow bad can this bronc be?\" \"Whennyou fall and cut yourself open on a rock, you don't want to spillngood whiskey all over the ground.\" 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Roynand Chon arrived at Kessman's after a half hour ride. Oncendismounting, Roy set off to find Bart. Chon was by his side asnalways. \"Anybodyngives you a strange look, just say 'Howdy, partner.'\" Roynreminded him. \"Right.nHowdy, partner.\" The words sounded awkward in his Chinese accent. 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Morenthan a few people had come to Kessman's ranch today to see Roy ridenthe bronc. The news had spread over the little town. Some waved anhello to Roy, and snickered at his hard-headed stupidity. \"Thatnbronc's gonna kill ya, Roy!\" One yelled across the field. \"Notnif I kill it first.\" he muttered, aggravated by all the haters. Windnpicked up. Dust devils swirled over the grass. Men stood by thenfence, drinking whiskey, flirting with te bar women who had come outnto Kessman's. Horses snorted, pulling on their ropes. Roynfelt a hand clamp down on his shoulder. He looked, and saw the facenof Bart, with two black eyes and a swollen lip. He didn't chokenback his laughter. \"You look ridiculous.\" Bartnglared at him. \"You should see the other guy.\" Roynfrowned. \"I am the other guy.\" Henpulled Roy's face closer to his big, sweaty one. \"Listen, if younstay on and I lose my fifty, I'm going to kill you.\" Royngulped. Bart was better at duels then he looked. With a confidentnswagger not at all reflecting how he really felt, Roy looked Bartnstraight in the eyes and said, \"I'm gonna take your fifty.\" 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Sweatnpoured off him. He was stranded on the back of this wild, crazynbronc. It thrashed in the air and spun. He clenched his teeth andnhung on tight, his legs clamped to the animal beneath him. The horsenbucked, throwing his hindquarters up in the air. Roy flew off andnspun. . . . and spun, landing face first in the ground. Everythingngot fuzzy all of a sudden. It was as if he was coming to the surfacenof a lake. Someone was shaking his shoulder. \"Roy!nWake up!\" Chon splashed Roy's face with cold water. \"Get outnthere and ride Dakota's Judge!\" Roynrubbed the sleep from his eyes and prepared his will, just in case.nIf reality was anything like his dream, he'd end up needing itnbefore the day was over. 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Thenhorse stood tethered to a pole. He looked nothing like Roy's horse,nSparrow, yet he didn't look like the devil horse in his nightmare.nHe was a tall, dark bay, with a black mane and tail. White streaksndecorated his hind quarters. He even had a sweet expression. Henflicked off a few flies with his long black tail. He didn't evennbother to look at Roy. \"Yea.\"nBart said suddenly, nearly scaring Roy to death by the way he hadncrept up on him. \"He looks sweet, but he's a heck of a devil.\"nHe grinned a grin that never reached his eyes. \"Henlooks easy.\" Roy said in a cocky tone. Bartnlaughed. \"Then go on and mount up.\" Royntook a running leap at the horse and jumped on. He wasn't even onnall the way when the horse threw its first punch, so to speak. Thenbronc reared up, pawing the air wildly. He then landed and hit thenground running. Roy gave a yell and clamped his legs on tighter. Henlet his beaten black hat fly off his head and get trampled by thenwild-eyed steed. The horse snorted, and bucked, spinning and twistingnin the air. He tossed his entire body up and violently reared. Henspun on his front hooves and madly dashed across the open fields,ncausing birds to scatter in random directions. They screeched innprotest, angrily flocking to another part of the field. The horsenjust responded by practically stomping on the ground where the birdsnhad been. Roynwas tossed around, sick of riding that monster bareback. He dug hisnhands into its mane, and held on with all his might. He began to feelna bit dizzy, wondering if the twenty seconds were over yet. In thendistance, Chon held up ten fingers. Roy groaned inwardly. Time wasnonly half over. Thenhorse, which was named Dakota's Judge like in his dream, spunnaround madly, attempting to actually kill Roy. He flung his hind legsninto the air, performing another series of impressive bucks. Henbasically wanted to kill him. Roy silently swore he'd shoot thenhorse if he made it off alive. Chonnheld up one hand. 5 seconds left. Thenhorse bucked a few more times, then reared and spun violently. Henreared, and trampled the innocent grass beneath his hooves. Chonnheld up two fists. Time was up. Roynjumped off Dakota's Judge and almost landed on his feet. He managednto stand and track down his hat. Bartnwalked up to him, looming menancingly. He took a drag on his cig andnblew the smoke into Roy's sweaty face. The smoke made his sweaty facenstreaked with black. He shoved the fifty into Roy's tired hand. \"Here.nIf you try to even consider doing it again, I will hunt you down andnshoot you one bullet at a time.\" He jabbed his finger in Roy'snface. \"Surenthing.\" Roy agreed. Chonngrinned as Bart left. \"You got lucky, huh?\" \"Surendid, John. I sure did.\" ","Summary":" Thensun beat down on the Nevada plains. The open sky held a vision of annorange sunset. Mustangs ro"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"A Time To Keep Silence","Author":"Carmilla","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/327709","Passage":"[Chapter 1]  ","Summary":" "},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Good Work Today","Author":"Amy Fortuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/722982","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Good Work Today Author: Amy Fortuna (amyfortuna@yahoo.com) Rating: PG-13 Pairing: Roy/Chon Archive: Shanghai Slash, please. Feedback: Please, as this is a first in this fandom for me. Summary: Roy wonders about Chon, and gets up the nerve to ask. Notes: Thanks to sidewinder for the vid that made me watch the movie.... ---- He looks at me as though I'm something special. Someone who has done more than waste a good youth stealing from trains and riding like the wind over the plains. The way he touches me sends sparks through my body. That should feel wrong, but instead it feels so, so right. The way we looked at each other when we first met -- I should have known I was going to meet him again. We've been caught by the winter night far from the lights of town, and I've remembered an old hideout, just a small cabin, that my gang used once upon a time. It's deserted, looks like it hasn't been so much as glanced at for years, so we're safe here for the night. I step into the cabin as Chon puts away the horses in the tiny adjacent stable. Whew! Even the spiders have died out, looks like. It's just the ghost of a cabin, spider-web covered, but it's got a working fireplace and what looks like a mattress in the corner. We're good to go. I start a fire. One thing I *can* do, seeing how I grew up in the West and all. Chon, for all that Eastern mediation shit he does, hasn't learned how to start a decent fire. Frankly, I haven't bothered teaching him. It's a good feeling to be better than Chon at *something.* \"Want some beans?\" I ask Chon as he comes inside. He just nods, and continues looking around the cabin. \"Strange,\" he says, still looking around, looking at me. \"What is?\" I ask. \"Me,\" he says. \"I have been here for three years, and I do not feel at home yet.\" \"I'm not surprised,\" I answer, stirring the beans. \"It would take a lot longer than three years for me to feel at home in the Forbidden City.\" He breaks out laughing at that, and I smile back, glad to have broken the odd mood he seemed to be in. I hand him a plate of beans, dish up my own plate, and sit back against the wall to eat. \"Good work today,\" I say at last, simply to watch the firelight play over his face as he considers. \"Not good enough,\" he says. \"When we \"get them where we want them,\" as you say, then it will be good work today.\" I nod, quietly, and eat, hardly taking my eyes off his face. He's beautiful, the thought suddenly spins across my mind, knocking my fragile peace to tatters. What had prompted that? Was I thinking of Chon like I would think of a woman, and what did that mean? Beautiful. A certain part of my body suddenly seems to wake up, and I cringe, shrinking back against the cool wall, as though that would make it go away. I have to share a bed -- or a mattress anyway -- with this man, later on, I can't be thinking this way. He'd laid aside his dish a few minutes ago, and now he is just sitting, staring into the fire, seemingly oblivious. Would he? I can't believe I'm even thinking this, but the words come out of my mouth before I can reconsider. \"Chon,\" I say. \"Did you ever...\" I feel myself blushing, and continue hastily. \"Kiss a man?\" He turns to me, his face suddenly questioning. \"Why do you want to know?\" I do not answer, and he looks away. \"Yes,\" he says finally. \"I have.\" \"Oh,\" I say, because I can think of nothing coherent. \"Did you want...?\" He looks dubious. \"No,\" I answer very quickly. \"Just...wondering.\" \"Of course.\" He is looking straight at me, and I know he sees right through me. \"I can't fool you,\" I say, after a long silence. \"I've been more than just wondering.\" \"You've never? Even when you were drunk?\" He sounds like he doesn't quite believe me. \"Never,\" I say. \"But this, this is different.\" \"How?\" he says. \"I'm a man.\" \"But you,\" I begin, and then am suddenly cut off. \"Are just a Chinaman,\" he says coldly, standing up and moving away. What? Does he still think I...? \"No!\" I get up too, laying my own dish aside. \"I was going to say, you're my friend.\" \"Ah,\" he turns back to me. \"In that case...why don't you just ask?\" I take a step toward him. \"Chon, can I...kiss you?\" \"Yes,\" he says, and takes a step toward me. In a moment, my arms are around him, almost naturally, and I tilt my head downward, even more naturally. The kiss is better than a woman's. I can't help but be conscious that it's a man I'm kissing, that it's Chon, but I don't care, he tastes so right. From all accounts, he's also enjoying the kiss, and suddenly a thought breaks through the cloud in my head. \"Did you want this?\" I whisper, after breaking the kiss. His smile and his words leave not a doubt in my mind. \"Oh yes,\" he whispers, and slides back into my arms like he belongs there. The only thing I can think of to do is kiss him again. So I do. He breaks off the kiss this time, and smiles up at me. \"Good work today,\" he says. And we're, suddenly, both laughing. END ","Summary":" Title: Good Work Today Author: Amy Fortuna (amyfortuna@yahoo.com) Rating: PG-13 Pairing: Roy/Chon A"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Rosetinted","Author":"Armida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/368642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Rose-tinted ","Summary":" Title: Rose-tinted"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Imitation of Life","Author":"Armida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/469232","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Imitation of Life Author: Armida Rating: PG-13 Fandom: Shanghai Noon, Chon Wang/Roy O'Bannon Summary: For the \"Predict the Future\" challenge. Warnings: Character death Disclaimer: Not mine, etc. Notes: The idea for this came from two separate conversations I had with my grandmother and with her sister, my great-aunt, both of whom I'm sure would never approve of this sort of thing ;-) Imitation of Life By Armida The boy's voice drifted through the parlor window to where I sat on the porch. \"Mom, Grandma told me that Great-Grandpa was a real cowboy. Is that true?\" \"Yes, sweetie, it's true,\" I heard my granddaughter Emma reply. \"Come look, here is a photograph of him back then. He was a lawman.\" I knew very well the photograph Emma was showing to her son. In my mind's eye, I saw Chon and myself as newly minted lawmen, fidgeting and grinning in front of our office while the photographer begged us to stay still and quiet. The picture had sat in a drawer in my room for many years before Emma had discovered it and had it framed. She'd thought she was doing me a favor. \"A lawman! Did he ride horses and catch bandits, just like Tom Mix?\" \"He sure did. Why don't you ask him about it yourself when he wakes up?\" \"I will. Who is that man with him in the picture?\" \"That was his partner. They had many adventures together.\" \"How come I never met him?\" \"Shh, Great-Grandpa is sleeping. You never met him because he died many years ago. Now come along, let's see what your grandmother is baking for us.\" Their voices faded as they headed for the kitchen. I sat motionless as memories overwhelmed me. Over fifty years he's been gone now, and sometimes the pain is still as fresh as it was that last day. Fifty years I've lived without him. I've outlived just about everyone -- Chon, Pei Pei, two of my own four children, and even one of my grandchildren. Only Falling Leaves, my wife, remains to remind me of the life I'd once had and the man I'd once been. The good citizens of Carson City would never have believed my colorful past. They see me as one of the city's elders, a respectable founding father. If they only knew. My body may be old and weak now, but my heart and my mind are still young and still remember the part of my life that died long ago on a cold Nevada morning. I've had a life many men would envy, and it's been a contented life in many ways, but it has been a pale shadow of the life I once thought I could have. Since the day I held Chon's lifeless body in my arms, I've not really been living but just marking time on this earth. I sometimes think that my longevity is some kind of a cruel joke; it's like Fate is daring me to see how many years I can live without Chon by my side. I wonder if my great grandson will ask me about the picture. I wonder what I'll tell him. I know it won't be the words I want to say: \"Yes I was young once. I was a cowboy, and an outlaw, and I loved a man . . .\" ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ When we met, I was young and foolish and cocky, playing at being an outlaw. I'd like to say that it was love at first sight, but it wasn't anything like that. Only later, when we were in that jail cell together did everything start to change. He was supposed to be nothing to me -- an easy mark to scam for his gold. I would pretend to be his friend, and pretend to help him, while all the time I would really be helping myself to the money. That's not the way it turned out. It was damn crazy. Somehow, the pretending became real, more real than anything I'd ever known. Before I knew it, I was doing things I never thought I'd do, insane things, like rescuing a princess, handing out the gold -- *my* gold -- to the Chinese workers, and becoming a lawman. Why I did these things, and why they no longer seemed crazy, was because of him. We had nothing in common, really, but something inside him spoke to me. We became partners, and once the dust had settled, I expected that we'd stay that way. I didn't expect to love him. After rescuing Pei Pei from the mission, everything had happened quickly. I'd kissed Falling Leaves and somehow that kiss became a promise. Chon's Indian marriage to Falling Leaves was dissolved, and he was with Pei Pei. A happy ending all around, right? It seemed like everything had turned out the way that it was meant to be. Then why wasn't I happy? Falling Leaves was good for me, and I cared about her. She was beautiful, exciting, and passionate. She was everything I'd ever thought I wanted, only now that I had her I found out that she wasn't what I wanted at all. I wanted him. He was unlike anyone I'd ever met -- stubborn and complicated -- but I ached for him. That was the funny part. Me, Roy O'Bannon, the man who didn't need anyone, and there I was, a lovesick fool over a man who'd brought me nothing but trouble. By the time I'd figured this all out, I was too late, but I couldn't accept that. And so just like everything else in my life I'd ever wanted before, I went after him. I knew he had to feel the same way about me. He never said it directly, but every day a hundred things would tell me he did. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ When I'd made my living robbing trains, I'd always spend days planning and calculating every job to the last detail. I went about my conquest of Chon in this same way. And, just like in my outlaw days, my careful planning all went out the window at the eleventh hour. One Thursday morning, we were in our office alone, pretty much like any other morning. He had his hand on my shoulder, teasing me about the shirt I wore. Suddenly, his nearness was overwhelming, and I couldn't wait any longer. Before I could think twice, I caught him around the waist and pulled him against me. His eyes widened, and for a moment he leaned into me. He felt wonderful against me, perfect, the way I always knew he would. Just before our lips met, he turned away. \"No,\" he said. He gently set me away from him. I couldn't believe it. \"Why?\" I asked. \"We both want this.\" \"That does not make it right. I am bound by honor to Pei Pei. We are to be married.\" \"You were bound to Falling Leaves once, too. How is that any different?\" \"It is different because this is of our own choosing.\" \"But that was before . . .\" I trailed off. What could I say? //That was before I realized I wanted you for myself?// I started again. \"I'm not just talking about sex, here. I love you, Chon. Doesn't that matter?\" His eyes were full of tenderness and regret. \"Yes, very much. But it does not change things.\" \"So I'm just supposed to forget all about this and spend the rest of my life pretending I don't feel this way? I'm sorry, but I just can't do that. I'm not noble like you.\" \"Roy, listen to me. This time, this place, it is not right for us. I am with Pei Pei.\" \"But you don't love her!\" \"I have loved her for many years.\" Frustrated, I paced the room. \"You're saying that you don't love me? Fine. Tell me then. Say it to my face, and I'll leave you alone.\" \"You know I cannot say that.\" \"Then why?\" I grasped his shoulders. \"You're saying that your duty and honor mean more to you than I do.\" \"Someday, you will understand.\" \"The hell with someday!\" I pulled him to me again, but just then the door to our office burst open and we sprang apart. The Helton gang had arrived in town. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Imitation of Life, 2/2 By Armida We'd been receiving reports from the telegraph office about a gang of bank robbers that had been working the southwest. I hadn't thought they'd be bold enough to come to a city as large as Carson City. I was wrong. By the time we'd arrived at the bank, they had opened the safe, bagged the money and were on their way out of town. We took off after them recklessly, guns blazing. Two of their men fell, and we had almost caught up with them when it happened. I heard the shot, I saw him fall. I vaulted off my horse and ran to him. His blood was everywhere; it stained my hands as I tried desperately to staunch the flow. Curious onlookers had started to creep out of the storefronts. \"Get the doctor!\" I yelled in their general direction. \"Now, damnit!\" I gathered him in my arms. \"Chon.\" My throat closed up. I had no words. He looked up at me and smiled, but his once brilliant dark eyes were now dulled by pain. \"Roy,\" he breathed. This couldn't be happening. Chon couldn't die, couldn't leave me -- but I *knew*, and the look we shared held the knowledge that these were our final moments together. I felt my eyes fill with tears I willed not to fall. The reality of his impending death felt like a raw, gaping hole being torn out of my chest. \"God, no, this is my fault -- Chon --\" \"Roy, no,\" he said quietly. The blood was everywhere -- it wouldn't stop! I could feel the strength leave him. I drew him close to me, trying to infuse my warmth into him. He leaned into me, curling his head against my shoulder. This was a cruel parody of the embrace that I'd longed for between us. And then, to my shame, I couldn't stop the tears that began to fall, tears that rolled down my face to splash into his hair. I selfishly cried for the loss I was about to experience, but even more I cried for what we'd never been able to share and now never would. \"No . . . no. Don't leave,\" was all I could say, over and over. \"It's not fair.\" I was shattering inside. \"Do not mourn. Live your life. This is not the end for us.\" I let him speak, not truly understanding at the time what he was trying to tell me. I held him closer to me. \"Don't worry, Chon old buddy. You'll be OK, \" I babbled. \"The doctor is on his way. Where the hell is the doctor?\" I screamed to the horrified onlookers who were hovering at a distance. I looked back down at him. \"Hang on, Chon, stay with me.\" \"You have to know. I love you,\" he said, but the words I'd longed to hear were bitter to my ears because they were a goodbye. \"God, Chon, I love you, too. You know that.\" \"I know.\" \"This isn't fair,\" I said again. \"We never had a chance.\" \"Someday we will. This is not over, Roy. I promise.\" I would have agreed to anything he'd said just then. \"Yes, Chon.\" \"You do not believe me now, but you will.\" His words caused a shiver up my spine, but I was too full of anger and sorrow for my thoughts to linger on them. I kissed his forehead and he closed his eyes. His left hand held onto my arm. \"Please stay with me Chon,\" I begged. His skin was cold against me. \"I cannot. I need you to be strong. Take care of Pei Pei. I will see you again, Roy. I'll wait for you.\" I was ashamed of my weakness, and vowed to be done with tears. \"I love you,\" I whispered again as I held him. And then he was gone. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ For the next two years, I tracked the remaining members of the Helton gang. One by one, I saw them all brought to justice. When it was over, I had nothing left. I was empty. I had thought that I couldn't live after Chon died, that I would be unable to exist in world without him. I was wrong, though; I'd survived. Falling Leaves had made me survive. She wouldn't let me crawl away and die. In time, we married. I knew it wasn't fair to her, but it seemed she could accept being married to a man who believed his heart was dead. It turned out that she saved me from myself. I grew to love her, and our children, and I tried to honor Chon's wishes by not spending my life mourning him. The years passed; I grew old along with her, and our ever increasing brood of grandchildren and, eventually, great grandchildren. The pain of his loss never truly left me, but in time became bearable. His memory was always with me, though, and a day didn't go by that I didn't long for him. Time catches up with us all, eventually. My eightieth birthday came and went. I would look in the mirror and wonder who was the old man I saw looking back at me. I could feel my own mortality as my body began to fail me. The words that Chon had spoken on that long ago day now began to haunt me. He first came to me a few weeks ago, on a day very much like today. I sat in my usual chair on the porch of our house, taking advantage of the clear April weather, watching my great-grandson playing in the grass below me. I closed my eyes and raised my face towards the late afternoon sun. The winter had been endless; I had been cold for so long. Eventually, though, I reluctantly lowered my head and opened my eyes. Sun-spots danced in my eyes, and it was then that I saw him, leaning against the oak tree, smiling at me. He was just as I remembered him; the breeze ruffled his gleaming dark hair. His arms were folded across his chest, and his eyes glinted with mischief. He was a vision that I'd been carrying in my heart for years, now made real. Sharp, sweet fingers of joy clawed at my heart, and I grasped the arms of my chair, struggling to rise. My voice came out in a hoarse croak. \"Chon.\" He held up a hand to still me, and his mouth formed a single word: \"Soon.\" The wind came up, stirring the leaves on the trees, and I could feel the hair on the back of my neck stand on end. For an endless moment, our eyes met; I couldn't speak, yet I tried to convey my love and longing to him in my eyes. He nodded almost imperceptibly, and then he was gone. I fell back, gasping, against the chair, yet I smiled, and my heart felt lighter than it had in years. Just as he'd promised, he'd come back to me. I laughed out loud from the sheer joy of it all. With the innocence of a child, my great-grandson looked up at me and joined in my laughter. I laughed until tears rolled out of my eyes and I was breathless. Maybe I was finally going crazy, but I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that it had been Chon that I'd seen, and that he had been right, our love was stronger than death. Since then, I've seen him three more times. The most recent was this morning, when I awoke to find him sitting on the edge of my bed. At first, I thought I was dreaming; I rubbed a hand over my eyes and blinked in the dimness of the early morning light. Then, my heart lurched and I stretched out a hand towards him, calling his name. I ached to touch him, to feel his hand on mine again after so many years. He remained motionless, but smiled again, a slow, sweet smile that spread a blossoming warmth throughout me. His dark eyes glowed with love and promise in the grey dawn light. I heard his voice again, in my head. \"Soon.\" \"Yes,\" I said to him. \"Yes.\" Then his form grew blurry and indistinct, and I at first thought it was from the tears clouding my vision. As he slowly faded from view, I whispered. \"Chon, stay.\" But he was gone, and his voice echoed in my head. \"Soon.\" My stirrings had awakened my wife, for when I lay back against the pillows I saw her watching me with sad, understanding eyes. I realized that she must have heard me call his name. \"Falling Leaves,\" I began, wanting to explain, but she put her hand on my arm to quiet me. \"Roy, hush. I love you, and I know you love me in your way. We've had a good life together, and you've never made me feel second best. I don't resent what you have with him.\" I had thought that the greatest injustice in my life was losing Chon, but I now knew that it was what I'd done to Falling Leaves in marrying her when my heart wasn't free. \"I'm sorry that I couldn't love you the way you deserve to be loved. You've been my dear friend and companion for fifty years now, the mother of my children. I wanted to give you so much more.\" \"I know that.\" She smiled gently. \"And I wouldn't change a minute of our lives together. Don't feel sorry for me. I had you in this life, now I give you your freedom to have him in the next, because you have always belonged to him.\" I couldn't speak. I lay there, feeling tears running from the corners of my eyes for the first time in years. She kissed my forehead gently. As if from a distance, I heard her rise, and move into the other room to dress. I did love her. I had tried to be a good husband to her. It was my fault that only Chon could fill the emptiness inside me. Chon. I whispered his name like a promise. We never kissed, we never made love, but we were lovers all the same. Now, my time on this earth is ending, I can feel my hold on this world loosening. I don't know what lies beyond death, but this I do know: he is there, waiting for me. (end) ","Summary":" Title: Imitation of Life Author: Armida Rating: PG-13 Fandom: Shanghai Noon, Chon Wang/Roy O'Bannon"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Even The Bad Guy Gets The Girl","Author":"hotaruchan2002","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2548761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Evennthe Bad Guy Gets A Girl Writtennby:hotaruchan2002 Disclaimer:nI do not own any of the characters except Elizabeth. (Much to myndismay that I can't own Rathbone.) Thencarriage rocked back and forth as it moved down the nearly emptynstreet. The older man looked over at his daughter sitting across fromnhim. \"Myndear, I know you may not wish to hear this, but you are soon to be ofnage to marry, and I have been looking into suitors for you.\" \"Father,nyou know I wish not to speak of these things. I will marry when thentime is right.\" \"ButnI will not be around forever, and you need someone to look after younonce I pass.\" \"Donnot speak like that father. You are in good health, and you shall benaround for a long while yet.\" \"AllnI ask is that you give some of the young men your attention tonight.nI am sure there will be atleast one that catches your interest.\" \"Inwill try father, but I make no promises.\" The rest of the tripnfollowed in silence. The carriage stopped and the two climbed out.nThey walked up the stairs into the large foyer of the mansion wherentheir cloak and shawl were removed and they were announced. The twondescended the stairs and began to mingle and talk with variousnpeople. \"Elizabeth!\"na young blonde squealed, rushing over to her. \"You looknabsolutely splendid tonight! That shade of green looks beautiful.\" \"Thanknyou Elaine.\" Elizabeth said, before being pulled away from hernfather. \"Come,nyou must meet some of the other women here tonight.\" Elainensaid, draging her over to where three other young women stood.n\"Elizabeth, this is Diana, Helena, and Hailey.\" shencontinues, pointing to two brunettes and another blonde. \"Girls,nthis is Elizabeth.\" The other girls said hello before they begannto chatter and gossip. \"Inhear Lord Rathbone himself is supposed to be attending this partyntonight.\" Diana, one of the brunettes said, looking over hernshoulder. \"Inhope he is. I would love to dance with him!\" Helena, the othernblonde giggled. \"Younjust wish he will be your suitor!\" Hailey said, a wicked grin onnher face. The group of girls began to giggle again and Elizabethnrolled her eyes, then glanced around the crowd. Her father stoodnalmost half way across the room, talking to various young men.nSuitors, she thought to herself. The other girls saw where her gazenlie and they let out a collective gasp. \"Elizabeth!nDo you know who your father is speaking to?\" Elaine shrieked,ngripping Elizabeth's arm. \"He'sntalking to Lord Nelson Rathbone, tenth in line for the crown ofnEngland!\" Helena added, as she began to stare dreamily atnhim.\"Oh my goodness! He's looking this way!\" She said,nquickly turning away coyly. Elizabeth continued to look, and her andnLord Rathbone made eyecontact. He held her eyes for almost a minutenbefore he looked away, after what Elizabeth assumed someone callednhis name. \"Henwas staring at you Elizabeth! You should be so lucky to have a mannlike him staring at you.\" Diana said jealously. \"Whynwould he stare at her! He was purely staring at me!\" Hailey saidnhotly. \"You'renall a bunch of children! Listen to yourselves sometime. Utternnonsense and gossip is all you ever talk about!\" Elizabeth said,nhaving had enough of their chatter. She walked away from the girlsnwho were now giggling, at what she assumed was at her. Not havingnanyone to talk to at the moment, she headed out to the garden.nSighing, she wondered if she had made the right choice walking awaynfrom them. They were the only ones there she knew and they werenroughly her age. She walked slowly down the path, the only soundsnwere her skirt swooshing and a few crickets here and there. Elizabethnstopped at the large white fountain in the middle of the garden andnsat down on the ledge. Turning her head to the sky, she caughtnglimpse of a shooting star. She closed her eyes and made a wish. Shenopenned her eyes and then began to look at the water rippling in thenfountain. the sound of footsteps broke Elizabeth out of her reverynand she stood to face who it was that approached her. \"Nothingngood to gossip about anymore?\" the man asked. Elizabeth lookednup and there stood Lord Rathbone. \"LordnRathbone,\" she said, curtseying. \" They werengossiping. I was standing there listening. That's all they donis drabble on about who's courting who and this that and the othernthing...Listen to me, I am babbling.\" she stopped herself, thennlooked him over. He was quite a handsome man. Strong, dark hair,ncaptivating eyes. Elizabeth shook her mind to stop staring at him.n\"May I ask why you followed me out here?\" \"Inwas speaking with your father.\" he stated, then began to circlenher. \"I hear you are almost of age to marry. I am sure you havenmany suitors lined up.\" \"Mynfather wishes me to marry by my birthday. I on the other hand wish tonmarry a little later on.\" \"Arenyou aware that I am single as well?\" He said, stopping infrontnof her again and looking her straight in the eye. \"Inwas unaware of that fact.\" she said, turning away. \"Anwoman of your beauty, intelligence and nature should not be alone.\"nhe said, running his hand down her cheek. \"Your interests andnstudies intrigued me. Your father does not approve that you learnednfencing and pistols.\" \"Hendeems it unlady like. I on the other hand believe that it is wise fornwomen to know how to defend themselves. How else could we show mennthat we are not as fragile as they believe we are.\" she stated,nstraightening up. \"Inadmire strong women.\" Lord Rathbone said, before turning hisnhead towards the open door. \"I believe they are playing my song.nCare to join me in a dance?\" \"Inwould love to, mi'lord.\" Elizabeth replied, placing a hand onnhis extended arm. He led them into the ballroom, right passed thenfour girls Elizabeth had been talking with meer minutes ago.nElizabeth smiled, pleased at the jealous looks the girls had on theirnfaces. \"So you are tenth in line for the throne?\" \"Yes,nsadly. A nephew to the Queen Victoria. Her favorite nephew though.\"nhe said annoyed,as they began to dance. \"Annunfortunate accident that happens to occur while all the heirs arenpresent could fix that.\" she whispered, a wicked grin on hernface. \"LadynAngelline, that would be considered treason had anyone else heardnyou.\" Lord Rathbone laughed. \"I think I've fallen in lovenwith you alread.\" he added, which shocked Elizabeth. The musicnstopped and they headed off the dance floor. \"Allow me to seenyou again. We can go riding, or go for a walk.\" \"Inthink I just found the first suitor.\" she giggled, turning anlittle red. \"Is tomorrow alright?\" \"Tomorrownsounds splendid. How about an afternoon ride?\" \"Inshall be ready for two o'clock.\" she said, just as her fathernapproached. \"Ah,nElizabeth, I see you have met Lord Rathbone. A fine young man.\"nher father said. \"Yes,nwe have met. And we are to go for a horse ride tomorrow at two, LordnAngelline.\" Rathbone said. \"Wonderful!nElizabeth, are you ready to return home for the night?\" \"Yesnfather. Good night Lord Rathbone.\" she said, curtseying. \"Goodnnight, my fair lady.\" he replied, kissing her hand before shenturned and left.[Chapter 2] LordnRathbone entered the ballroom as he was announced. The chandeliersnand candles burned brightly. He made his way through the crowd, womennbegging him to dance but he casually declined. \"Andnhere I thought you were going to stand me up.\" A smooth femalenvoice said behind him. He turned and saw a woman slightly shorternthan him. She was clad in a black bustled skirt, corset type top andnlace sleeves. Her red curls were swept up, although a few still fellnloose. \"Asnif I would stand you up, Lady Angelline.\" he replied, kissingnher hand. \"Shallnwe dance, my lord?\" she said, as he swept her to the dancenfloor. \"Asnyou wish, my lady.\" he continued, as they twirled around thenfloor. \"Sonwhen is this plan going to occur?\" she whispered in his ear,nthen looked casually around the room. \"Andnwhat plan might this be?\" he answered, also whispering. Theyndanced, twirled and then began to walk out onto a balcony. He thennlooked at her, slightly annoyed. \"Never mention that again.nThere are far too many people who could have overheard.\" \"Inmade sure I whispered. Besides, I want to help.\" She informednhim. \"NownElizabeth, this is no job for a lady like yourself.\" Rathbonentold her. \"Andnwho said I was a lady?\" Elizabeth questioned, leaning into him.nShe took hi pistol, aimed it at a tree, then squeezed the trigger. Anloud bang rang out; followed by a thump from the bird she hitndropping to the ground. \"Younare an angel sent from heaven. Maybe this might explain myngratefulness.\" He said, getting from his pocket, then continued.n\"Will you, uh, marry me?\" Elizabeth stood there for anmoment, then grabbed the ring and slipped it on. \"Yes,nyes I will marry you Nelson!\" she squealed, hugging him tightly.n\"Oh, and just because you proposed, doesn't mean I don't want tonhelp anymore. Now, after you get back from your trip to China, we'llndiscuss the next step.\" She finished, lightly tapping him on thennose. She then turned and ran back into the ballroom to show off hernnew ring. Rathbonenentered his dimly lit room and began to take off his clothes. Thentrip to China had been extremely successful. The seal was safelyntucked away in his treasure room. He grinned to himself as he begannto unbutton his shirt. \"Havena good trip?\" came a voice from behind him. A corset cladnElizabeth emerged from the shadows. She ran her hands over hisnshoulders and continued to unbutton hi shirt. \"Did you get it?\" \"Ofncourse. I also got this for you.\" He replied pulling out a silknscarf. She looked it over and plucked it from his hands. \"It'snbeautiful.\" She said, tying it in her hair. \"Is that allnyou got for me?\" she pouted. \"Ofncourse not. There is plenty more, but that shall wait for tomorrow.\"nHe replied, turning to her with a preditorial grin. She smiled, butnstopped him. \"Nownwhat is your next step?\" Elizabeth inquired, removing his shirt. \"Well,nI need to convince the government that China poses a threat, whichnshouldn't be hard with that gift I picked up. I also need to meetnwith that man, oh I always forget his name. I've also been asked tonhost a dinner in the celebration of the jubilee.\" \"Hmm,nleave the dinner up to me. You organize the meeting, and persuasion.nThat shouldn't be hard for you. Leave everything else up to me.\"nShe purred, stretching out on the bed. Rathbone climbed into the bednwith her. \"Alright,nmy lady. Oh how I missed you...\" he said, leaning in andnravishing her with kisses. Elizabethnstood back and admired her work. She did a pretty good job at puttingnthis dinner together. Within two and a half weeks, she was capable ofncreating, what she hoped to be, the best dinner yet. Rathbone came upnbehind her, placing his hands around her waist. \"Younhave truly outdone yourself this time.\" He said, looking overnher shoulder. \"Thanknyou. But really, is all this security necessary?\" \"Donyou really want that crazy oriental woman in here, attempting to killnme, or even you?\" he replied. \"No,nbut how are you going to, you know?\" \"Inhave my ways, besides, with my wife here to talk and change thensubject...\" he said, kissing up her neck. \"I see you'renwearing the earrings I got you.\" \"Yes,nthey match my dress very nicely.\" she answered, then turned tonface him. \"Well, shall we make our appareance known?\" shencontinued, straightening his jacket. \"Arenyou ready? You'll be making your first appearance as Mrs. NelsonnRathbone.\" She nodded, and took his arm. \"Ladiesnand gentlemen, Lord and Lady Rathbone.\" The man announced. Thencrowd looked up as Elizabeth and Nelson walked down the staires. Shenbeamed proudly, holding the arm of the man she loved. After chattingnas a couple, Rathbone kissed her on the cheek and went to hisnmeeting. Elizabeth fluttered from one crowd to another, checking onnfood and other such things. Just then, Arthur came up behind her andntapped her on the shoulder. She nearly jumped out of her skin. \"Inbeg your pardon Mrs. Rathbone, but where is your husband?\" henreplied meekly. \"Donnot do that!\" she scolded. \"And no, I do not know where henis. I am his wife, not his keeper.\" \"Oh,nwell, I just wanted to say that everything was going well securitynwise.\" He replied, looking like a little boy. \"By the way,nyou did a splendid job on preparing this magnificent dinner.nAbsolutely wonderful.\" \"Thanknyou, now if you will excuse me, I have other thing to attend to.\"nShe stated, walking off to check on the music. Laternthat night, Elizabeth paced the floor of the bedroom. It was wellnpast the time Nelson should have been back. Where was he? Suddenlynthe door burst open and Rathbone stormed in. \"Whatnhappened, dearest?\" she inquired rushing up to him. \"Thatnbloody Chinese girl has help. They attacked me during my meeting,nstole my automobile, and burned down my barn!\" he fumed, gettingnundressed. \"Ohnyou poor thing.\" She said, getting some warm water to clean hisnwound. \"Here let me look at those.\" He obediently sat downnon a chair and relaxed as he cleaned and dressed his wounds. \"There,nclean and dressed. Better?\" \"Yountruly are an angel. What would I do without you? Come here!\" hensaid playfully, grabbing her arms and pulling her into his lap. Shengiggled, then stifled a yawn. \"Let's retire to bed. We've bothnhad a very long day.\" He said, kissing her on the forehead andncarrying her to bed. \"Hmmm,nit's like a dream come true. Once the queen and her heirs are out ofnthe way, you will ascend the thrown. Then I shall be...\" shentrailed off, looking seductively into his eyes. \"Mynqueen.\" He finished, placing her on the bed before she pullednhim down on top of her. -LenFin.- ","Summary":" Evennthe Bad Guy Gets A Girl Writtennby:hotaruchan2002 Disclaimer:nI do not own any of the characte"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Shanghai Ninjas","Author":"strawberryfinn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2353996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE: I don't own any of the characters from either Shanghai Noon or Shanhai Knights. This story is focused on the group, this time including Charlie, off on a new adventure. Again. \"I'm going to drop you off here gentlemen, if you don't mind,\" came the driver's voice.[Chapter 2] eh. no reviews, but here's chapter 2 Meanwhile in China, the emperor was distressed . The Japanese had attacked, looking for the Golden Buddha Pendant. The Golden Buddha Pendant an important symbol to Chinese. They had passed it down from generation to generation, for each of the emperors.[Chapter 3] Thanks for the one review. Carol flute something. haha thank you. please keep reading. Chon and Roy settled back in. Riding horses, catching robbers, it was back to normal. Roy continued to be cold to Charlie, so the teen found himself content to hang around Chon instead, who taught him how to ride a horse, and a couple of kung-fu tricks. Charlie was pretty bad, but Chon gave him some credit. He didn't give up. ","Summary":" NOTE: I don't own any of the characters from either Shanghai Noon or Shanhai Knights. This story is"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"A Slice of Life","Author":"Nardragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10437426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a short story about a day in the James-Parker household. Set 6 years after the end of the movie. It was bright Saturday morning when Annie James-Parker woke her sister by throwing pillow in her face. Hallie rolled over and groaned. \"Why do you feel the need to do that?\" Hallie asked. \"If I don't you won't get up until mid-day.\" Annie replied from across the room. She got out of her bed and walked in their bathroom. She started to brush her hair, which she had let grow out again, after cutting it the summer she had met her sister. It now hung just past her waist. She had planned on it keeping the same length as her sister's, but that was so they would be able to 'trade places' if they ever needed too. This plan was rendered mute a few months after their parent's second wedding. It was a bit surprising that despite the switch Hallie and Annie had pulled it only took Liz four weeks of living with them both to be able to tell them apart by listening to their footsteps. Nick wasn't as good as Liz and it had taken him longer but he could still tell his daughters apart if he had to. The girls still won't sure if that was good or bad thing. \"But it's Saturday for crying out loud. Couldn't you let me sleep in?\" Hallie said. She sat up rubbing sleep out for her eyes. Her short hair was sticking straight up causing Annie to laugh before she could reply. \"And have you miss mom coming home. She probably landed already.\" \"So it's not like we're going for mom. Martin is getting her.\" \"So when did you expect to get up?\" \"When mom came up to tell me she was back.\" Annie snorted as she looked at her sister. \"Well I'm sorry for thinking that it would be nice to welcome our mother at the door when she returned from London.\" After Annie and Hallie had managed to rekindle the spark between their parents six years ago the family had the problem of where they were going to live. Nick and Liz had tried living in London, then in California the first time around. We all know how well that ended. This time around however they were in a place mentally and finically where they would be able to run their respective businesses from anywhere. It still led to bit of a debacle at first. Hallie and Nick wanted to stay in Cali, while Annie and Liz wanted to stay in London. In the end everyone had decided that it was easier to move a dress store than it was to move a vineyard. So Liz had opened a branch in Napa Valley and it was here the family had lived ever since. However she still kept her one in London and her father looked after it. Every few months and when there was a major client she would fly back. And ironically, last year Nick had purchased a vineyard in the Champaign region of France. One of Annie's biggest points on why they should stay in London was because there were several places in Europe where wine was produced. While initially her plan hadn't worked, Nick still liked the idea of expanding his line. Anyway Elizabeth had been in London for the past three weeks and was due back today. Hallie reluctantly got out of bed and followed her sister downstairs. They came down yawning to find the kitchen covered in pancake batter. \"Chessy? What happened in here?\" Annie asked looking around. \"Yeah, it looks like a batter bomb went off.\" Hallie said \"The boys wanted to help to cook this morning.\" Chessy indicated to the two four year old boys sitting at her feet and throwing handfuls of batter at each other giggling. \"Do you mind cleaning them off while I straighten up in here?\" \"Of course not. Come on Harry.\" Annie said. \"Let's go get cleaned you guys cleaned up. What do you say Arthur?\" \"No. No bath!\" One of the little boys said throwing a handful of batter at Hallie. She ducked out of the way and scooped the little boy of the ground. Annie did the same with the other. Harry and Arthur were Chessy's and Martin's twin boys. Everyone wasn't so surprised when Chessy announced 5 years ago she was pregnant. The surprise came a few months later when they found they were having twins. If you are wondering the boys are named Harry and Arthur- 'H' and 'A' after Hallie and Annie. Chessy said it was the least they could to name the boys after the twin girls since if not for Annie and Hallie she and Martin probably would have never met. No one was more excited about the twin boys than Annie and Hallie. From the time they had been born it seemed like the boys adored the girls. There had been many nights when a frustrated Martin had knocked on the girls' door asking for help with the babies. Annie and Hallie only had to walk in the room and the boys would stop crying. It was still the same. The boys would wait every day at the front door for the girls when they came home from school and the girls spoilt the boys rotten. \"No Bath! No bath!\" the little boys where now chanting in union. \"Yes bath! Yes bath!\" the girls chanted back. The boys only chanted louder still. \"If you don't get clean then you won't get your gifts when Aunty Liz comes home today.\" Hallie said. That made both boys stop instantly. \"One bath.\" Arthur said. \"Then gifts.\" Harry said waving his hands and managing the get batter all over Annie's face. \"One bath.\" Annie agreed. \"Now stop messing me up.\" When they walked into the bathroom Annie handed Harry over to Hallie so she could start filling the tub. Her twin in the mean time got the boys out of their batter covered clothes. \"Alright let's get you cleaned off.\" Annie said. Half an hour later, the boys where cleaned and sporting fresh outfits. The girls had to change as well since Arthur had decided they had needed a bath as well and proceed to splash until everyone in the room was soaking wet. The two pairs of twins walked back in the now clean kitchen. Chessy already had a stack of chocolate-chip pancakes on the counter with piles of eggs, bacon and toast on the side. Annie and Hallie helped the boys in their seats and placed a pancake on a plate of each boy before taking their own breakfast. \"Where our gifts?\" Arthur asked. \"You get your gifts when mom comes home.\" Annie replied. \"Speaking of your mother, Martin just called. He collected your mom and they're homeward bound,\" \"Great.\" Both girls replied. \"Where's dad?\" Hallie asked. \"In the office as usual,\" Chessy replied. \"We'll have to go drag him out before mom get's here.\" Annie remarked. \"Want slurp Hallie?\" Arthur wailed out. \"Syrup Arthur. Not slurp.\" Annie corrected. Hallie poured some maple syrup over the boy's pancake. \"I want slurp too.\" Harry said. Annie sighed. \"I swear, all my etiquette classes are going on deft ears with these two.\" She said. \"Their four year old boys Ann, not Lords of London.\" Hallie said. \"It can't hurt if they have some manners.\" \"One, they are Cali boys, not British dukes. Two, they have manners. Watch,\" Hallie poured some syrup for Harry. \"Thank you Hallie.\" The boy chanted before ripping into his pancake. Most of said pancake ended up on his shirt. \"Okay, so they aren't the most graceful eaters. But they did say thank you.\" Hallie said. Chessy laughed and wiped away the pancake sticking to her sons faces. \"You girls fuss about my sons more than I do.\" She said. \"They're like our little brothers.\" Hallie said. \"I can't wait to see what you'll be like with your own kids.\" Chessy said. Both girls started to choke. Annie gulped down half her glass of orange juice. Hallie coughed while Harry pounded her back for her. \"Thanks kiddo,\" Hallie said to the boy before turning to Chessy. \"Yeah, that's not going to be soon,\" Annie said. \"Not anytime soon at all.\" Hallie seconded. Cheesy only chuckled. Just then they heard a vehicle outside. \"Mom's home!\" The girls exclaimed both leaping to their feet and racing out the door. The black Cadillac Escalade pulled to a stop as the girls got out the front door. The person on the passenger's side had barely opened the door and touched the ground when she was almost knocked over by the combined weight of Haille and Annie. \"I take it you missed your ole mum,\" Liz said laughing. \"Missed is an understatement,\" Annie said. \"Yeah mom, three weeks is too long, next time we're coming with you,\" Hallie said. Liz laughed again and placed a hand around each of her daughters. \"You know I'd love for you to come darlings, but who'd look after your father if the three of us go off to London,\" \"Oh dad's a big boy.\" Hallie said waving her hand dismissively. \"He can take of himself,\" \"He can?\" Annie and Liz asked at the same time. \"Well he has Chessy,\" Hallie added. \"How's grandfather?\" Annie asked. \"Wonderful dear. He sends his love, as well as some gifts,\" \"Oh! What'd he get us?\" Annie asked excitedly. \"Why don't you go see, the gifts are in my hand luggage.\" Hallie and Annie both ran towards Martian. \"We'll take that,\" Hallie said lifting a suitcase from his arms. \"Why thank you girls, Annie you can that other one, it isn't too heavy.\" But Annie didn't response instead following Hallie who was heading inside. Martin sighed and looked at Liz. \"That one has their gifts in it, doesn't it?\" He asked. \"I'm afraid so,\" She said laughing. Martin sighed again. \"Well, why don't you give you give me that one,\" Liz suggested. \"Thank you madam, maybe your daughters will pick up on your manners on day,\" \"We heard that!\" Hallie yelled over her shoulders. \"You were meant too!\" Martin yelled back, making Liz laugh harder. Her laughter was joined by Chessy's who was standing at the door. She moved aside as Hallie and Annie rushed past. \"Arthur! Harry! Come on, we got the gifts,\" Annie said, making the two boys run after them. The four of them sat down in the living room opening the small suitcase. \"A new poker set,\" Hallie exclaimed taking it out of the bag. \"Cool, we are christening this tonight,\" \"Are you sure you want to lose your allowance Parker?\" \"Don't make me laugh James, the only person going to the bank will be you,\" \"My daughters, the gamblers,\" Liz said with a sigh. \"Blame dad, he taught me,\" \"And grandfather taught me,\" Harry and Arthur were already occupied with their toy cars. \"Boys, what do we say?\" Martian said. The twins stopped driving and looked up, \"Thank you aunty Liz,\" They said in union before returning to their race. \"Girls, where's your father?\" Liz asked. \"Dad's in the office,\" Annie said. \"Per usual,\" \"Well what do you say we go inform him of my return,\" Annie and Hallie managed to tear their eyes away from the new poker chips and follow their mother down the offices of the winery. A few of the staff greeted them joyfully as the trio made their way to Nick's office. Liz knocked once before opening the door. \"Hey stranger,\" She said smiling. Nick looking up from a paper and mirrored her expression. \"Hey, when'd you get back?\" \"A few minutes ago,\" \"Sorry I didn't come up to meet you,\" He stood, \"The girls were supposed to come get me,\" \"Yeah, because that's our job,\" Hallie said sarcastically. \"What other point is there for having kids?\" \"Unconditional love,\" Annie suggested. \"I believe that's what I have your mother for,\" He said, as he wrapped a hand around Liz's waist pulling her in for a kiss. Annie and Hallie covered their eyes. \"Didn't we talk about giving us a PDA warning?\" Hallie said. Liz and Nick broke apart chuckling. \"You know, I remember when they used to gush with happiness when we kissed,\" Liz said. \"That was back when we won't all kissed out,\" Annie said. \"But after six years the novelty has worn off,\" \"Just image how much they would complain if we'd never separated in the first place,\" Nick said. \"Well, girls you'd better look away,\" He said as he leaned down again. \"Okay, we're gone,\" Hallie said. \"Get back here,\" Nick and Liz each grabbed one of their daughter pulling them in for a family hug. Hallie and Annie both complained about being smothered, but everyone in the room knew they didn't really mean. They'd could never complain about moments like this, when their family was whole. Nardragon~ until the next page. ","Summary":" This is a short story about a day in the James-Parker household. Set 6 years after the end of the m"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"It Really Had Ended Well","Author":"isles15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13071622","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So this is my very first FanFic that is not an NCIS one so I AM EXCITED (you should be too). I rewatched The Parent Trap AGAIN and I have been wanting to write a fic on it FOR AGES but I have never got round to it. This is set after Nick and Elizabeth get married again and they are very out of character because you guys know how much I LOVE to do that. Also, I saw a news article on NerdyJibbsOreo's Tumblr Page From Stone To Hallows about Gibbs's ex wives appearing more in Season 16 which I think is really exciting XD and I mentioned it to my friend who loves NCIS as much as me and she looked absolutely TERRIFIED of me (I was really hyper though so I sort of understand why she was). I really hope we see more of Stephanie because even though Diane is my favourite, I think Stephanie is the nicest. I do not mind Rebecca, but I have always thought she is a little bit bitchy. Which of Gibbs's wives are you looking forward to seeing more of in Season 16??? Anyway, sorry for the Abby size ramble about NCIS guys. Enjoy this xxx \"Are you alright, Lizzie?\" Nick Parker asked his wife, Elizabeth Parker-James, as he sat down on the sofa beside her, put his arm around her and kissed her on the temple. \"Yes, I'm fine\" Elizabeth replied, her eyes filled with tears. Knowing that she was not fine, Nick pulled her onto his lap and she cried into his chest. \"What's wrong, Lizzie?\" He whispered to her. \"Are we sure we're making the right decision Nick? The last time we were married we got into a huge fight which ended in a divorce and Hallie and Annie being seperated\" Elizabeth sobbed. \"We'll make it work this time, Lizzie. We're both older and wiser. We can do this\" Nick told her gently before he held her even more tightly to his chest while she seeked the comfort of his arms. It was moments like this that the couple wished could just last forever. Hallie and Annie, Nick and Elizabeth's eleven year old twin daughters, stood at the door arm in arm and smiling. \"They really do love each other\" Annie whispered to her sister. \"Uh huh\" Hallie replied. Elizabeth heard what her daughters said and she smiled against her husband's chest. Nick grinned too. \"I never should've left you Nick\" Elizabeth murmured to her husband. \"Hey, hey. Look at me, Lizzie, look at me\" Nick said to her and she did exactly that. \"What?\" Elizabeth asked as she wiped her cheeks. \"You left me. So what? But we're together now and we can make this work. We were young and naïve last time but this time we're older and wiser. We can do this Lizzie. Not many people get a second chance with someone they love\" Nick told her. A smile lit up Elizabeth's face before she leaned her forehead against his and he entwined their fingers. \"I love your smile but I love you more\" he told her softly. \"I love you too, Nick\" Elizabeth replied quietly before she lightly pressed her lips to his. Hallie and Annie shared grins. It really had ended well for everyone. AAAANNNNDDDD DIS IS DOOOOOONNNNNNNNEEEEEEEEEE PEOPLE. Please leave me a review guys and thanks for reading xxx ","Summary":" So this is my very first FanFic that is not an NCIS one so I AM EXCITED (you should be too). I rewa"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Parent Trap Indeed","Author":"emeraldstoker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9859520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] he Parent Trap Indeed Why do you always have to get so physical? Mitch... I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. \"Susan...\" \"Yeah, Sharon?\" \"I...\" Sharon looked down at her hands. Under the harsh lighting, they looked nearly as green and pale as the blanket under them. \"I suppose I ought to have told you before we hatched our plan... about mother. The drinking, the fits of temper, how she used to hit me on occasion. Not spank me with cause but suddenly just fly off the handle and strike out, sometimes with a wooden spoon, a belt. You know it all well enough by now.\" \"Yeah.\" \"I thought she was just angry, frustrated at me, the world. When I met you and realized what happened between her and father I thought, that must be it. The key to her anger must be that father was no longer in her life. I jumped at the chance to fix things, to bring them back together. That had to make everything all right.\" Sharon might not have been aware of her own tears had she not seen the dark, moist dots on the blanket. \"But out of our home in Boston, away from her mother and father it's only gotten worse...\" \"Sharon, it's OK. It's not your fault. There was no way you could have known things would get so bad. How could you? It's an unthinkable thought that a mother... a wife could...\" Both girls turned and looked at the man in the hospital bed. Their father, pale and unconscious. The girls had never seen him so still, so weak. But the monitor beeped encouragingly and Sharon matched the rhythm in her head to the soothing and measured words of the doctor. \"The kitchen knife missed his heart by a good distance, girls. Your father will be fine.\" \"How is he, girls?\" Susan and Sharon both rose from the bedside and ran to hug Verbana, their housekeeper. \"The doctor said he'll be OK.\" Susan said and all three women gathered back around the bed. \"She's been arrested.\" Verbana spoke quietly. The girls nodded. \"The police didn't want to take her but I made sure. It was a wrench for a house proud woman like me to not clean the blood from the floor but I knew it had to be there. Who'd believe the story otherwise?\" Sharon took the older woman's hand before she could start talking any faster. \"You were wonderful, Verbana. I don't know what we would have done...\" Sharon was not just talking about the recent events. Ever since two naïve teenage girls had reunited a house of horrors, Verbana had been their last line of defense. She was smart, tough, strong and as a woman, able to restrain their mother in ways their father wouldn't have wanted to risk. \"But this can't continue. As soon as father's awake and able to think things through, we've got to convince him to leave mother.\" The girls exchanged a bitter laugh at the irony. \"And don't worry, Sharon.\" Susan put in as if reading her twin's mind. \"We won't leave you with her.\" \"You bet we won't.\" Verbana put in firmly. \"Not for a king's ransom.\" Sharon nodded her thanks and turned back to their father, her hand over his. \"I'm sorry, father. We didn't mean to trap you like this.\" ","Summary":" he Parent Trap Indeed Why do you always have to get so physical? Mitch... I'm sorry. I didn't mean "},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Jumping","Author":"Thetrippingturtle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9647522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Based on the 1961 Parent Trap, A story about Sharon/Susan and Maggies motherly love towards them. Told from all 3's veiw points Sharon: It wasn't that I wanted to run away exactly, my mother had slapped me for the first time when Susan and I hatched our camping trip scheme. To be honest it had been bothering me since it happened I had this awful feeling that she didn't want me anymore, when I got back I devised a plan to run away. I had left a note saying that I had committed suicide, thinking that mom would be happy to think I was dead, my plan was to go to Mexico in reality. Feeling depressed out of my mind I sat half out the window, would my mom really be happy I was gone or would it hurt her like she had hurt me. Was she even aware of what she had done to me? no I was about to jump and run off into the night thinking about it would only make it harder to go through with. What I didn't plan on was Susan catching me trying to jump out the bedroom window, I was halfway out it when Sue almost let out a terrified scream. \"Sharon what are you doing? please get down from there I love you I don't want to loose my twin\". I jumped before she could stop me \"My own mother doesn't love me anymore!\" I yelled out into the night I heard Susan running through the house. I let out a terrifed scream realizing how far a drop it was! my heart was racing as I continued to fall down. Am I going to die oh Jumping was not a good idea! hitting my knee hard against the ground I started to cry there's blood. Susan: Why had she jumped out the window? I ran downstairs hearing her scream out proceded a loud bang when I got down stairs she was lying on the ground crying hard. I saw blood running down her leg \"Stay with me Sharon please\" I said trying to help her up off the ground she was clinging to me \"I'm sorry\" I heard her whisper. \"They're not upstairs\" I heard dad yell \"Sharon Susan where are you? Please this isn't funny!\" mother cried out. As I opened my mouth Sharon shushed me limping into a dark corner hiding with me \"Sue I'm running away\" she cut me off \"Sharon what are you thinking you can hardly walk\" Maggie: I heard a scream that woke me up abruply I put on my robe waking up Mitch \"Sharon please get down from there \" was all I could make out, I heard running but Mitch couldnt find ether of them upstairs. All he found was a note from Sharon saying she was going to , oh I cant bear to think about it. I started to panic \"My own mother doesnt love me anymore\" I heard someone yell it sounded like Sharon but why would she think I didn't love her anymore had I done something to make her think that?. Hearing another scream and a loud noise I run downstairs yelling searching the house worried sick that something that something bad has happened to them. I don't hear anything I run outside collapsing on the ground out of breath. Tears slid off my face I was shaking dizzy with fear there was a puddle of blood on the ground my heart was pounding \"Please\"I yell . My mind suddenly flashed back to a few days ago I realized I had hit sharon I had never hit her before in her life what have I done?!. I love both of them more than anything I never meant to hurt Sharon the very thought that she would ever think I didn't love her was like a razor cutting me open. She had seemed so depressed tonight I should have known something was wrong. Their bedroom window is open it hit me that she had probably jumped out it oh god what if I'm too late and shes dead \"I'm so sorry Sharon please I love you\" I cry out. Susan: I told her to calm down and try to think rationally but she tries to run off I followed her, worried that shes going to hurt herself even worse . She looked back and stopped running, I saw a pained look on her face hearing my mother sobbing out into the night. I turned my head to see my mother lying on the ground in tears. What am I suppose to do my mother looks scared out of her mind from whats visible I want to comfort her but also need to make sure Sharons okay. The last thing I need is for my twin sister to die we just found out about eachother not that long ago. I'm not about to loose ether of them again not if I can help it, Sharon collapses screaming out in pain \"Susan, Mother oh god what have I done\". Running to Sharon I see mother running to her as well both of them hysterical I try to help her up but shes too weak bleeding hard. Instantly mother is by her side but sharon is shaking with a look of fear on her face. \"What are you going to do to me\" Sharon whispers seeing mother reach out towards her I reach down too both of us helping her up. She was hysterical trembling with fear what was she so afraid of? Sharon: I try to run off but see my mother lying on the ground in tears crying my name I stop my instinct spit between running even further away or running to her. Suddenly my leg gives out I fall to the ground in agony there was so much blood. Starting to black out I yell \"Susan mother oh god what have I done\", I feel Susan trying to pick me up but I can hardly move. Reaching out into the darkness start shaking feeling Sue and Mother pulling me up I hear crying. \"What are you going to do with me\" I whisper hysterical, is she going to hit me again? the inner question strikes fear within me. \"Come here Sharon\" she says to me instantly after helping me up, my vision has cleared I see tears streaming down her sad face. Within a second mother and I are locked in a tight hug crying even harder. \"Oh mother I'm sorry I love you\" I say looking up at her she stares deep into my eyes with a sad scared concerned look on her face \"I love you too sweetie.. Lets get you back inside\" she says wrapping her arms even tighter around me. Blacking out the last thing I hear is both of them telling me to stay with them. I cant feel myself breathing my body feels heavy shaking pain so much pain. My eyes open I'm lying in bed someone is wrapping something around my knee I look up seeing my mother still in tears sitting next to me trying to bandage up my leg. \"I didn't mean to hurt you\" I whisper reaching out to her suddenly lost in her arms I cry into her shoulder. \"You've been passed out 6 minutes..Please Sharon dont scare me like that again!.. I don't want to loose you.. ever\" she says giving me a gentle squeeze. \"I didn't realize how high a jump out the window to the ground I was scared and acted on an instinct to fake a note and run away instead\"the words stutter out. \"I'm so sorry I never meant to hit you I promise you it wont happen again.. my little girl.. What were you thinking ?\". She tilts my head up looking deeply at me I see so much love, sadness and fright on her face. \"I wasn't thinking clearly ever since you had hit me I've been feeling utterly awful I was afraid you were going to start beating me, that you didn't want me or love me anymore.. I tried to convince myself you'd be happier with me out of your life but when I saw you on the ground in tears I felt even worse because I didn't want to hurt you the way you hurt me.. I thought for a minute that you would be happier with me gone I stopped running realizing I had made a mistake I couldnt take back.. my knee gave out I fell hard again\" Maggie: Hearing another bang I try to isolate where the noise came from its dark out \"Susan mother oh god what have I done\" I hear Sharon yell. Running towards to sound of her voice I see her lying on the ground Susan unable to pull her back up. Quickly I run to her side taking her outreached hand Susan has her other hand we pull her back up. Sharon was hysterical shaking \"What are you going to do with me\" she says looking frightened. \"Come here Sharon\" I say softly following my motherly instincts instantly wrapping her in a loving hug she does the same we hold onto eachother tightly trembling crying hard. Atleast shes alive thank god, I don't know what I would have done. \"Oh mother I'm sorry I love you\" she says staring up at me with a look as if shes going to completely break down. \"I love you too sweetie.. Lets get you back inside\" Pulling her closer trying not to completely break down myself. Her eyes start to shut \"Come on stay with us don't pass out on me now\" I start to cry even harder \"Sharon please wake up! we dont want to loose you\" Susan says crying. \"Sue help me get her inside shes loosing blood fast\" \"I woke up and she was sitting halfway out the window I tried to stop her but she jumped before I could do anything so I ran downstairs and helped her up but she tried to run away from me she seemed scared out of her mind I don't know what happened\" She said as I sat Sharon down on the kitchen floor. Mitch ran and got some paper towels I asked him to go get a first aid kit Susan helped me put pressure on Sharons knee wiping off the blood it was still bleeding she was out cold. Mitch helped me get her upstairs into the bed I put antiseptic on the wound. Mitch gave me a kiss and went back to bed aparently too tired to be of anymore use Sue helped me change her into a clean nightgown and put gauze around the wound. She left me alone with Sharon saying that she wanted to give us time alone I gave her a tight squeeze and shut her bedroom door. Looking through the first aid kit I found a wrap around brace lying down next to her I wrapped it around the gauze fasting it. Sharons eyes started to open \" I didnt mean to hurt you\" She whispers out of breath trying to reach out towards me. I move her as close as I can pulling her into a protective hug she clings to me tightly crying into my shoulder I feel lost in her embrace not wanting to let go of her. \"You've been passed out 6 minutes..Please Sharon dont scare me like that again!.. I don't want to loose you.. ever\" I say still crying giving her a loving squeeze. \"I didn't realize how high a jump out the window to the ground I was scared and acted on an instinct to fake a note and run away instead\" She stuttered out. I have a feeling I must of really shook her up the other day when I hit her, never in my life would I ever want to hurt her or out my inner thoughts I speak out \"\"I'm so sorry I never meant to hit you I promise you it wont happen again.. my little girl.. What were you thinking ?\". I tilt her head up our eyes meeting again a look on her face so frightened and sorry at the same time I can tell she truly is sorry. \"I wasn't thinking clearly ever since you had hit me I've been feeling utterly awful I was afraid you were going to start beating me, that you didn't want me or love me anymore.. I tried to convince myself you'd be happier with me out of your life but when I saw you on the ground in tears I felt even worse because I didn't want to hurt you the way you hurt me.. I thought for a minute that you would be happier with me gone I stopped running realizing I had made a mistake I couldnt take back.. my knee gave out I fell hard again\" Sharon says. ","Summary":" Based on the 1961 Parent Trap, A story about Sharon/Susan and Maggies motherly love towards them. T"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"One plus One","Author":"PercabethLuva589","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8523137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi people of the world! Thank you so much for the people that reviewed on The Mark of Athena and I just want to say that this is a brand new story. This has nothing to do with percabeth but this is just one of the things I have up my sleeve (As in I have more percabeth stories). I've read so many awesome fanfictions and let's just say the set pretty high standards. The one I'm reading right now is Atlantis by PiperElizabethMcLean. It is really interesting. So anyways here is my new story, One plus One. Chapter 1 Chloe POV It all began that one summer day. I come home from the last day of school to find my house in a mess. \"Hello\" I yelled into the emptiness. I walked through the door to the dining room and I see my dad. The first thing wrong is that he is a mess. I see papers everywhere, things in boxes, and clothes all over the floor. \"Dad, what happened in here?\" I asked him. He was responding. It looked like he was frozen. He was so still I had to snap my fingers in his face to wake him up from his trance. \"Chloe, honey, welcome home,\" my dad said rapidly. My dad is usually one of those calm, you can fix anything type of people. Seeing him like this means something really bad has happened. \"How was your last day honey?\" he asked. \"Fine but I would really like to know what happened in here\" I insisted. I saw a lot of emotions pass through his face. Anger, fear, but mostly sadness. \"Very well but I think it's a good time to go to the den,\" he replied. I could see what he was about to talk about pained him. What could be so bad? He walked off to the secret den while I got a bowl full of melted marshmallows and brought it to the den as is our tradition. \"Okay dad what do you want to talk about?\" I asked him, handing him a spoon. \"This is something you're not going to like but please try to be patient with ok?\" he began. \"Anything you want dad,\" I said. My thoughts wonder to my mom. I wonder if she was here, maybe she would what happened to my dad. My mom left us when I was only 3 years old. I only had one picture of her because she took all the other ones with her. \"Chloe, something's happened and it has to do with your mother,\" My dad said ripping me out of my thoughts. Is possible he can read my thoughts. \"What about my mom. She left us what is there more to say?\" I replied with anger in my voice. \"Chloe don't talk that way about your mom. I loved her. I still do…\" my dad said leaving his words hanging. How could he still love her after all these years? She left us. \" Look Chloe I haven't been completely honest with you. Your mother didn't leave us, she was taken from me,\" my dad said with evident pain in his voice. I can't believe what I just heard. I've had resentment towards my mom all this time when really it wasn't her fault that she isn't with me right now. I looked out towards the lake outside my house, if only my life was crystal clear and smooth. \"What are you saying dad, why are you telling me this now?\" I asked. I feel so helpless. He waited until I was 14 to tell me this. He lied to me for so long. \"Chloe there is something I never I told you about our family history,\" he said oblivious to my other questions. \"Your mother and I were very much in love. We both still are. You see you mother had two siblings, your Aunt Caroline and your Uncle Mason. Your uncle and your mom were like best friends. They were always together while they were little and your uncle being the protective big brother that he is, never let your Aunt Caroline bully your mom. Your aunt was the oldest of the siblings but the most conceited. She was always jealous of your mom because Uncle Mason liked your mother better than her. Years later I met your aunt. At first she was wonderful and she became my girlfriend. Pretty soon I saw what big of a mistake I made. I didn't see Caroline as she truly was. Through her is how I met your mom. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever met. She was incredibly nice. I knew slowly but surely I was falling in love with her. At the time I was still dating your aunt, but I broke up with her almost immediately. Within one week I was dating your mom. Within two years we were married. The only tricky part was not telling your aunt. She would have been extremely mad at your mom. So only her best friend and her brother saw us get married. Weeks later she found out she was pregnant. It was the best news I had ever heard. I was in a blissful fantasy. It didn't last very long because 4 months into the pregnancy, your aunt found everything out. She was furious with us and she swore to us that she would get her revenge. The same day you were born was the day your aunt joined the M16. What your aunt didn't know was that your mother was expecting 2 children. That's right Chloe, you have a twin sister named Sophie,\" my dad explained. Was I always this clueless? My whole life has been one huge lie! My life crumbled to nothing in one day. \"Dad this is a lot to process. I have a twin sister. Another me? What else haven't you told me?\" I questioned him angrily. \" Chloe you've got to let me explain. I not telling you this now just to be random. I have a reason for telling you and it is… That's right cliffhanger tune in to find out what happens to Chloe. Will she meet her sister? What is her dad's reason? Hmmmm… Chapter 2 awaits you! Muahahaha PercabethLuva589 ","Summary":" Hi people of the world! Thank you so much for the people that reviewed on The Mark of Athena and I "},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Hannah Mystery","Author":"Blair Baxter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12777467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hannah Mystery (Chapter 1 'The Night Before') A year later : Hannah was one of the girls of the 5 girls. Hannah had been spending sometime with Alison, she was one of the girls. Their was one thing no body didn't know. Hannah's phone buzzed, she got it out of her back pocket. 'Hey Hannah, meet me where we used to be like at the park or something at 5pm -A' \"Who is it Hannah?\" Katy asked \"Don't worry about Kat, it just some stupid number people keep texting me with\" Hannah answered \"Oh um...okay\" Katy said confused. Katy saw Hannah staring at Alison making a smirk. Alison winked at Hannah. Then Hannah Alison looked at the time it was 4:50pm it was almost time for them to go. \"Hey guys, it's almost time for Me and Alison to go home\" Hannah reminded everyone \"What about me?\" Katy butted in \"You young lady your staying with Emily\" Hannah saracasticly said \"What???\" Katy almost yelled \"Its true Kat, you are staying with me\" Emily stood up to them \"Thank You!\" Both Alison Hannah whispered to Emily. Then Emily nodded her head. \"Were not sure when we'll be back\" Hannah told both Emily Katy \"Are we ready to go?\" Alison butted in \"Yeah, we are\" Hannah told her. So Hannah Alison looked at the time once more it was 4:55pm they both headed to Hannah's car. Hannah opened the door for Alison on the front seat. \"Thank You! My Kind Friend\" Alison teased \"Anything, for you Sweets\" Hannah jokingly said \"I like it when were weird\" Alison laughed \"Same here\" Hannah said. 'I just don't understand why Me Ali, have been hanging out a-lot' Hannah thought to herself. So then Hannah start up her car and leaving Hannah's driveway. \"Hannah, are you okay?\" Alison asked \"Yeah, I just hate keeping secrets\" Hannah told Alison \"I hate it when you keep secrets too, So what did the message say?\" Alison asked curiously. After Alison asked the question about the message Hannah's phone buzzed. \"Can you get that for me?\" Hannah asked \"Sure\" Alison answered as she picked up her phone. Alison slide her phone open for Hannah she looked at her a message from unknown. 'You better hurry before your friend and your baby sister gets it -A' When Alison read it she wasn't so sure about meeting up with this person, it might be dangerous. What will happen to Hannah ? To be Continued... ","Summary":" Hannah Mystery (Chapter 1 'The Night Before') A year later : Hannah was one of the girls of the 5 g"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"El chico del club de natación","Author":"Chica de porcelana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11780234","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Este fic participa en el reto :Valientes Heroínas Del foro: Valle encantado donde la magia comienza Disclaimer: Juego de gemelas pertenece a Disney Sonrío muy contenta al recordar aquellos no tan pasados días cuando hizo un cambio de look para hacerse pasar por Haley y bien que le fue. La valentía que tuvo en esos tiempos no tienen suficiente fuerza en estos momentos. Se siente decepcionada, ¿Nunca se le ocurrió que Haley iba detrás de Derek Blackwood? No puede dejar que se le arruine el maquillaje. Absurdamente trata de ponerse de pie y casi cae si no fuera por alguien. Descubrió a su salvador como Sam Walker, uno de los integrantes del club de natación, nunca ha hablado con él pero supo con solo mirarlo a los ojos, que él sabía todo. —Vamos.. Te llevaré a casa . Se negó a esto —Estaré contigo en todo momento. Solo ignóralos.—sonrío Aprieta el brazo lentamente de Sam sin saber que Haley la mira atónita desde el otro extremo del salón. Gracias a él.. Pudo salir con valentía Gracias a Sam... ","Summary":" Este fic participa en el reto :Valientes Heroínas Del foro: Valle encantado donde la magia comienza"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Chessy's Point of View","Author":"hellhound330","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8313004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chessy's POV When I was in high school, I was in love with England. Or, to be more precise, boys with British accents. Because of this, I watched all the British television shows and movies I could get my hands on. Which wasn't much, but I did learn a lot about England, its culture, the fact that no one says \"Pip pip cheerio\" anymore (if they ever even did in the first place) and how to tell a real British accent from a fake. The fact that Elizabeth was from England might have been my main reason for not jumping on the \"You just met her! What were you thinking?\" bandwagon. And then, the twins were born. I loved them so much, and I discovered that I could tell them apart even better than their parents. (I lost count of how many times I saw them check the initials on the lockets.) I was furious and heartbroken when Elizabeth left with Annie. I don't even know what they fought about, and who are they to split up twins ? Nick never even planned to tell Hallie that she had a sister, let alone a twin. He was the parent though, so I let him have his way and knew that Hallie was smart enough to figure it out herself one day. When Hallie came back from camp, I knew something was off, before Sammy started treating her differently, before her appetite vanished and she stopped biting her nails. I just knew something had changed. After about a week I decided it was just puberty, her voice was off, at any rate. I took a deep and told myself to forget about it. This was just a phase, she'd go back to her old self soon enough, in the mean time I could continue my break from cooking and watch more BBC. The deep breath thing didn't work. Hallie started acting weirder, and then she came back early from riding with her dad and started talking to herself. I confronted her, about her appetite, her newfound organizational skills, and then I started thinking of Elizabeth, she was tidy, she ate almost nothing, was this just her mother's genes making an appearance after eleven years? I caught myself before I said her mother's name out loud, barely. \" Almost as if I were who, Jessie?\" I was not going to mention her mother, that just open yet another can of worms that she did not need to deal with. \" Nobody. Nobody, forget I mentioned it.\" \" Almost as if I were Annie?\" I swear my heart stopped when she said that. I thought me missing Annie was bad, but finding out that you had a twin? How had she been able to act so normal with this information? \" You know about Annie?\" \" I am Annie.\" I didn't need to hear her accent to know that she was telling the truth. ","Summary":" Chessy's POV When I was in high school, I was in love with England. Or, to be more precise, boys wi"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Why I didn't get my happy ending","Author":"HazySunray","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9104589","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just because I think they painted Meredith in an entirely-too-horrible light. I mean, sure, she is kinda in it for the money, too, but she's not absolutely horrifying. If the girls hadn't met each-other at camp, I'm sure Hallie would have just learned how to put up with the woman and probably get something out of it for her troubles. Just sayin'. Oh and because I got so angry when Nick was being a jerkweed when he smirked after Elizabeth tricked Meredith into going. Like he already knew what the girls were going to do. And to then say \"I should remember to thank them one day' after they drove the woman off - I mean, if you don't like her anymore, then tell her, before you effing marry her. Whew. What a rant. And that's not even the actual story, yet. Evil. They're pure evil. And I'm not joking. All I want to do is marry Nick Parker. He's the man of my dreams; charming, funny, smart, motivated, generous, rich and quick to compliment. Have I already mentioned that he's rich? You can't blame a girl for finding that quality quite good when you're planning on starting a life with a man. I don't go to the gym all the time for nothing. And I work very hard, myself. I am a working girl, so it's not like I need his money for my own extra's here and there, though it would be nice if he bought me fancy jewellery on Valentine's day or our anniversary. But when you're living in a huge house and you own worked land, well, you need the money to pay for it. I signed up for his age and his weird fetish for feet. I signed up for the smell of fertilizer and horse fur. I even signed up for the ridiculously hot weather. What I did emnot/em sign up for, is those two little devils. Just the one was bad enough, lying straight through her teeth all the time, sitting on daddy's lap when we're trying to get it on even though she's freaking eleven going on twelve. The stupid kid just couldn't handle the fact that she would no longer have her father's undivided attention. And I was emnice/em to her, damnit! I swear, if she had just returned the gesture, we could have had such fun together. I would have taken her out for ice cream and gone clothes-shopping with her and taught her all the tricks of the trade. But no, she just had to be a little spoiled brat. And that good-for-nothing butler, Chessy, is no better than her. The stupid idiot keeps teaching that dog of theirs to bite my hand off when I try to pet it. So imagine my reaction when I realized there were two of them. Oh, and that their mother happened to be right there when I discovered this – sitting way too close to Nicky for comfort. He seemed instantly mesmerized by the English woman, as though he hadn't really emseen/em her in all their time together. But she did not appear as smitten. She just seemed happy, in-place, like she had always been that missing puzzle piece in Nicky's heart and knew it. But I wouldn't let her have him. I couldn't. I am the smitten one, and I deserve him. She's just the woman who left him heart-broken when she ran off. So of course I jumped on the band-wagon when those stupid little devil-children tricked their parents into going on a camping-trip together. How could I let this woman steal my fiancé from me only a week before the wedding? How could he ? Didn't he realize where their plan was headed? But that isn't the worst part yet. The worst part was when the bloody cow decided she wouldn't come with us in the end and insisted that I go with them. She had this stupid little grin on her face when she told me the girls would be half-mine in a few days, but that's not even what bothered me. What bothered me was that Nick had the exact same smirk plastered on to his face as well. So I took it all in stride and went with them. How could I not? I had to show these girls that I would not back down for anyone. I had fought way too hard to get into Nick Parker's life and I would be damned before I was shoved out of it. Who did those little brats think they were? Oh, I'll tell you what they are. Devils. Little fucking cockroaches who just need to get squished by an enormous boot. *pant * *pant * \" I'm going to kill my trainer. He says I'm in such good shape.\" I sit down on a big boulder to catch my breath. \" Could someone pass me my Evian?\" Wonder of all wonders, one of the twerps actually does something nice and hands it to me. Probably 'cause Nicky's just around the corner. I should have seen it coming. There's a huge lizard perched right on top of my bottle and shriek. I am mortified of lizards. \" I hate things that crawl!\" She grins and says sweetly to Nick when he asks what was up that, \"this little guy was on top of her Evian bottle\". \" They won't hurt you, Mer'.\" \" Right. Right, I know that.\" I could act all cute and 'protect-me' but I know better than that. If I do that now, then I won't be able to cuddle close to him when I admit that I'm afraid of mountain lions. I let the little devil-spawns know exactly what I think about them and they walk off with grins on their faces. \" Oh, by the way, Mer', I think there's something on your head.\" It doesn't take me too long to find the lizard perched . . and to scream like there's no tomorrow. The thing actually crawls over my face – my face, it's crawling over my face, what do I do, get it off, get it off, please I'm scared get it off – and into my mouth and I spit and I cough and I'm so close to tears because it's an actual lizard and mommy please don't make me stay here alone with the lizards just because you need some time alone with daddy. I'm scared of things that crawl. Please. Thankfully, Nicky shows up and I want to run to him and hug him close and tell him what nasty brats his children are but then he just asks me what happened and he's not being nice to me at all the way he would before he met their stupid mother. Before there were two of them. Before they ruined everything . But this. This is it. This is the LAST STRAW. This is not just some stupid phobia I have of things that won't really harm me. This is not something irritating like the stupid sugared water they gave me to ward off mosquitoes so the entire population of the little buggers could come and suck my blood. This is not even their disruption into my sex life or the way they pushed me into going on the kind of trip I despise. This is them forcing me back into the mindset of a fifteen-year-old who had a traumatic experience and never wanted to enter water ever again. When I was six years old, I learned how to swim. Though I didn't absolutely love it, I learned how to keep my head above the water. When I was fifteen, I almost drowned. I had gone swimming with my best friend, Katy, in her pool, and my hair had got caught on the pool cleaner. I had fought and struggled to get out and in the end, Katy had had to dive in and save me by pulling out a chunk of my hair. I had been terrified and what's worse, at school I got mocked for my weird hair-do. I never told anyone about it, afraid that the feelings from back then would return to the surface. But those stupid children... Who thinks about doing such a rotten thing, anyway? Who actually drags a mattress along with a sleeping person out into the water and leaves her there? I had taken a strong fucking emsleeping pill/em. I could have rolled over and drowned . And I'll bet they thought it was very funny when I woke up and started panicking and struggling to find a way back to land without falling off of the mattress but succeeding only in doing exactly that. I want to bet they laughed their evil asses off when I shrieked \"Nicky\" as I found myself surrounded by a huge mass of water. And I want to bet that they high-fived each-other when they saw the distress on my face as I marched my way up the dry, safe land, straight to their father. \"That is ENOUGH! I have HAD it with those little monsters!\" \"What do you mean?\" \"HERE'S what I mean, BUDDY: the day we marry is the day I ship those little brats off to Timbuktu, get the picture? It's me or them. Take your pick.\" He didn't have to think twice. Such a loving father. Can't see past their angelic little faces. Oh. We could have had a baby together, and we could have named it Dean or Patrick or Lillian or whatever he thought sounded nice and he could have loved it and we could have been happy. \"What?!\" \"You heard me. T-h-e-m. Them. Get the picture?\" No. No, you're supposed to pick me. You're supposed to be emmy/em Nicky, emmy/em husband, my everything. You're supposed to love me and take care of me and ask me why I'm so upset in the first place. You're supposed to realize that those little brats have ruined everything and made my traumatic experiences come back to the foreground and you're supposed to make it all better and love me and hold me and – – … you know what? Forget it. No matter how hard I try, or how beautiful I make myself, no one will ever love me. I tried so hard to create a thick skin for myself, so nothing anyone ever said would hurt me. I suppose you managed to find your way past the barriers I had put up around my heart. And I suppose you found the way to crush it, too. Good job, girls. Really. I hope you had fun ruining my picture-perfect future. Hope you had fun crushing my hopes and dreams. I honestly hope your parents get back together and realize why they left each other in the first place. Oh, and I hope you meet your shriveled ends when all is said and done, as well. Take it from someone who's been there – your happiness will not last long. Sooner or later, you'll fall in love with someone you thought was wonderful. And what goes around will come around and justice will be served. I'll be waiting. Believe me, I'll be waiting. With a smile on my face and a dry martini in my hand. ","Summary":" Just because I think they painted Meredith in an entirely-too-horrible light. I mean, sure, she is "},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Would You Have Stayed","Author":"mistclan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7015258","Passage":"[Chapter 1] you came and left but in that time you here with me I was afraid to tell you how I felt you came and took my breath away how could I forget the day you came and left you stayed only for awhile just to take my heart away how could I forget the day we spent together I wish it would of never ended if you'd only known would you have stayed days come and go but it seems I always think of you I always wonder if you'd known would you of stayed ","Summary":" you came and left but in that time you here with me I was afraid to tell you how I felt you came an"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"The Actual Parent Trap","Author":"ekdimaano","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11587128","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Parent Trap Fanfiction If there was one thing every kid dreaded during summer, it was seeing their days at summer camp come to a close, and this was exactly the case of Hallie Parker and Annie James. It was their last day at Camp Walden and this year, it was a totally different experience for the both them. They reunited with old friends, new friends, but more importantly, with each other for the first time. Their encounter was anything but formal. This all started when Robbie, the cutest boy at camp in Hallie and Annie's eyes, decided to give his number out to both of the girls without telling them. To Robbie, dating twins was one of his wildest dreams. Little did he know, Hallie and Annie had no idea of each other. For weeks, he would make time to hang out with them at separate times. His shady behavior was not obvious to the other kids at camp since Hallie and Annie were identical twins. However, Robbie's \"wildest dream\" did not last long after being exposed when Hallie left him a voice mail while him and Annie were playing \"Go Fish\" in his cabin on the day before camp ended. \"Aren't you going to answer them? That's the fourth time they tried calling you,\" she paused and glared at Robbie's lit phone, \"…who on Earth is Hallie?!\" \"Um, well, it's not urgent…\" he replied while silencing the call, \"She's just a friend, she can wait. You're way more important.\" \"If it's not that urgent, why does 'Hallie' keep calling? Why don't you answer her and let her know you're in the middle of something?\" Robbie ignored her question and kept his eyes focused on his playing cards. As he asked Annie for a five of hearts, he was interrupted by his cellphone ringing once again. This time around, it was a voicemail notification. Annie took his phone before he could get to it and played the voice mail on speaker: \"Hey Robbie, it's Hallie. Not sure why you're not answering my calls, but I'm waiting for you out by the lake on the bench. It'd be in your best interest to show up to the date that you planned out, you know, watching the sunset on the lake? Can't wait to see you soon!\" Annie stood up abruptly, dropping the phone on the floor, and headed towards the door. \"Well?\" she exclaimed, \"what are we waiting for, Robbie? Let's show up to this little 'date' of yours!\" \"Annie, don't be like that… It's not what you think, you're overreacting!\" \"Overreacting? I'll show you overreacting!\" Annie darted out the door in the direction of the only lake the campsite sat on. Robbie followed, calling out to her asking her to come back to let him explain himself. Everything he tried to say to Annie went through one ear and came out the other. Finally, Annie reached the lake where she saw a silhouette of a girl sitting on the bench facing the lake. Robbie was still way far behind. \"Hey you,\" she shouted as she lightly shoved Hallie's shoulder, \"who are you to keep blowing up my man's phone?!\" Startled, Hallie turned around, and in an instant, the two girls were in complete awe of what they were seeing right before their own eyes. A sense of astonishment and relief came over the girls and the idea of Robbie had suddenly vanished. This was way more important. \"Pardon me… I'm Annie James…\" \"Hallie Parker… Nice to meet you?\" she held out her hand. \"I guess it looks like you're way more than the girl who's blowing up 'my man's' phone…\" Annie said with a giggle. \"It appears so! I guess Robbie has a good taste in girls… Speaking of the little dweeb, where'd he run off to?\" Hallie asked while looking around. \"I could care less,\" Annie went on, \"what matters more is that I have found my twin sister! This is incredible!\" \"Of all places, who knew?!\" exclaimed Hallie, while playing with her locket around her neck. \"This cannot be! I have that exact same locket… It has an 'A' engraved into it… I have worn this everyday since I was born! It was given to me by my father whom I have never met!\" \"Get out,\" Hallie said \"Mine was given to me by my mother, whom I have never met either!\" Since it was the last night at camp, Hallie and Annie agreed to switch cabin-mates so they could have a night to essentially get to know each other and catch up. Once they were situated in Annie's cabin, they sat on their beds and pelted each other with questions. It was Hallie who couldn't contain her excitement first. \"I cannot believe our parents didn't tell us about each other... Well, sister! Tell me about yourself and our mother!\" \"Wow, hmm… Okay. I'm Annie James, 11 years old, born and raised in London. I live with my best friend, aka our butler, Martin. I also live with our grandfather, our Aunt Mary, who runs the wedding dress shop our mother, Elizabeth James, use to run before she passed away…\" \"…passed away…?\" Hallie choked. \"She was at the wrong place at the wrong time.\" Annie paused to take a deep breath. \"It was two years ago. She was struck by a drunk driver. The man and his wife were able to walk away, and mom was not…\" \"THAT IS NOT AT ALL FAIR. NOT ONE BIT.\" Hallie protested with tears rolling down her face. \"I know. All she wanted to do was to run to the market to buy last minute groceries for our Christmas dinner we always host, little did I know that was the last time I would see her walk out the door…\" There was a heavy silence interrupted with sniffling coming from both girls. \"Our mother, Elizabeth James ,\" Hallie hesitated, \"is dead because of a drunk driver. I can't even believe it…\" \"Death is beyond anyone's control, Hallie… She was a spectacular mother and role model to the fashion community. Mom loved all the time she invested into her wedding dress store as much as all the time she spent with us and our little family,\" she paused to wipe Hallie's tears, \"Mom was beautiful, selfless, successful, but most importantly, loving. She never once failed to crack a smile on my face and has never left me wondering where my next meal was coming from. Her, Aunt Mary, Martin, and our grandfather made a spectacular team and even without her, they're still doing a great job.\" Hallie did not even know how to feel or what to think. Their mother, whom she had never and will never get the chance to meet, was dead . She had so many questions, but she did not know if Annie was willing to answer them. \"What's Aunt Mary like?\" \"Aunt Mary is a character, I tell you. She's the most upbeat and enthusiastic woman I have ever met. There has never been a dull moment with her. She's spontaneous, caring, beautiful, and funny, just like our mother! Mom would be proud to see her succeed in running the wedding dress shop.\" \"What about your butler, Martin?\" \"Oh, Martin! He's my best friend, my go-to for any problems they are, little or small. Always has the right thing to say!\" \"And grandfather?\" \"Grandfather is very to-himself. He likes to collect newspapers and cigars. In fact, he gave me keepsake of the newspaper cover of mother's death… Would you like to see?\" Before Hallie could answer, she made her way towards her box of memories she brought with her everywhere. She collected all sorts of things, she even had a bottle of rattle snake venom she collected from camp the previous year. She took out a limp newspaper page with the headline that read: \"DRUNK LOVE TO BLAME FOR ELIZABETH JAMES\" above a picture of the scene and a picture of the man's mug shot. \"WAIT A MINUTE…\" Hallie snatched the newspaper and focused her attention on the mug shot. She studied the image carefully. \"YOU SEE THIS MAN?\" \"Yeah?\" \"THAT,\" she paused, \"IS OUR FATHER. NICK PARKER.\" \"Your, I mean our, dad is responsible for the death of our mother?!\" Annie said confusingly. \"That's him I can't mistake that face anywhere! Even the caption says 'Nicholas Parker, 36'. I recall the night he got in that out of town accident two years ago. It was Christmas and he left me with family friends to take his annoying girlfriend, Meredith, on a 'trip of a lifetime,' which was all her idea.\" \"Parker!\" Annie said in astonishment, \"I cannot believe I didn't catch that. I cannot believe my father is responsible for this. I just cannot believe anything I'm hearing this is crazy. And he was with a woman other than mom?!\" \"That's just how the cookie crumbles when parents don't stay together after having kids… I remember he wasn't allowed to drive me anywhere for a long time and I always thought it was because he was just shaken up from the accident. It turns out he had his license taken away for awhile.\" \"Who is Meredith?!\" insisted Annie. \"Probably the most annoying woman on the face of the earth.\" Hearing someone say her name, even in a difference accent, still made Hallie cringe. \"She is the most ignorant, needy, and most dependent brat there is. Dad's too big of a sucker to ever say no, but when it comes to me, it's like the word 'no' itself is like his first language!\" Hallie was getting too worked up to continue any longer. \"Our dad killed our mother on accident and is now with a needy woman?\" \"That's kind of harsh, Annie, but when you put it that way… Like you said, wrong place, wrong time. Everyone makes mistakes, and I know I'll never forgive him for this one since I didn't know his accident involved someone's death, let alone our mother's, but he is a well-rounded man…\" \"What's dad like then, Hallie?\" \"He's the hardest worker and when he's not putting all his time and effort in to me or Meredith, it's towards his vineyard.\" \"What on earth is a vineyard?!\" Annie asked. The word was so foreign to her she completely disregarded everything Hallie had said. \"It's his like his own land of grapevines and he uses those grapes to make wine. It's pretty cool actually. He's pretty successful at it, too. He is not much of a 'family guy' but he is laid back and is always open to talk if I ever needed him. He gives me all these goofy nicknames that I never know where he comes up with, but they always stick.\" \"I understand… I have always wanted to meet my real dad, or have a dad figure in my life, which is probably why I am so close with Martin. We even have our own handshake!\" \"Yeah, dad's a good guy. Despite all the fights we've been through, and mistakes that we both have made, I still love him because he's my dad. I just wish I had a mother figure that isn't Meredith in my life, too.\" The thought of using the word \"mother\" and \"Meredith\" made Hallie cringe even more. However, this did give Annie idea. \"Hallie,\" Annie hesitated, \"I just came up with the most brilliant idea, but you cannot freak out once I say it… Just hear me out.\" \"All right, enlighten me?\" She replied unenthusiastically. \"You want to know what a real mother figure is like and I want to know what having my own dad is like… The only logical way of getting that experience is to switch places with each other and see for ourselves!\" \"Annie, you are absolutely crazy…\" Hallie continued, \"but, you are also absolutely right. I am so in! You know how fun it could be if we pulled this off?!\" She knew the switch would be anything but an easy task but it would be worth the shot. \"I'm glad you agree! We are literally spitting images of each other, they will never notice!\" Instead of participating in the camp's last day activities, they spent all night planning their switch. After all, they were expected to leave the following morning. Annie taught Hallie her and Martin's handshake which only took ten minutes to perfect. The only thing they both had to semi-work on was each other's accents. To them, the task was nothing but to switch places and act like each other. It was as simple as that. Even though the girls had only spent one night with each other, it was easy for them to pick up on their personalities and how they acted. Both Annie and Hallie were ready, yet anxious, to wake up and head to a place they have never been before and live with people they've never met. It was finally the morning where the girls had to part their own ways. Once Hallie and Annie woke up, they packed up their belongings, left the cabin, and headed towards the main grounds. When they arrived, they were greeted with the chaos of an overwhelmingly amount of campers waiting for their busses and saying their goodbye's. \"Today's the big day!\" exclaimed Annie in her impression of an American accent. \"Wow, look at you,\" Hallie responded with her take on a British accent, \"you look rather ravishing!\" \"…We don't say ravishing, Hallie, but you sound good! I think we're ready.\" \"I could not agree more!\" The girls smothered each other with hugs after they exchanged suitcases. Behind the trail of busses, there appeared to be a line of cabs and a limo. \"Well, Hallie, there's the limo! Better get on your way before they leave you behind!\" Annie said jokingly. \"Okay, here I go… Remember, you're going to confront dad about the accident and try to get rid of Meredith.\" \"Right! And you're going to find a way to get Aunt Mary to talk to you about the incident and find out as much as possible.\" \"Roger that! I will remember to call you once I land,\" said Hallie, \"take care of business and don't hesitate to call whenever!\" \"I promise, Hallie,\" Annie said as the limo driver honked the horn, \"you better get going!\" The girls shared a final hug before Hallie made her way to the elongated limo, where she would be driven to the international airport so she could be on her way to London. Annie was then escorted to a cab that would drop her off at the local airport to be flown to California. A mix of emotions were running into the girl's heads during the plane ride. Hallie was skeptical since she had never traveled outside of the country, but the only thing that was easing her nerves was the fact that she was going through all of this just to meet someone who was the next best thing to her mother. She never thought this day would come. Hallie could only hope that her Aunt Mary could love her as much as she loves Annie. Annie, on the other hand, was just as anxious to meet her father as she was to meet Meredith. The thought of her father with Meredith made her sick to her stomach, which already started her hatred for both of them. After falling asleep the whole plane ride, Annie was the first to land in California. She got off the plane and headed towards the luggage claim. \"WELCOME HOME, HALS!\" Nick shouted from across the airport, already having her suitcases in hand. \"Dad! It's you! It's really you!\" Annie said with a smile on her face and ran into his arms. Her father was a lot more put together than she thought he would be. He was wearing a gray button-up shirt with jeans. However, she couldn't help but to look at him as the reason for her mother's death and is now a man who is with another woman other than her mother. \"How was camp, kiddo?!\" Nick asked while making their way out to the exit. \"It was great! I met some very, very interesting people…\" \"A boy?\" asked Nick playfully. \"No way! It's no one. Where's Meredith?\" \"She's outside waiting in the car. I don't want her to get mad so let's pick things up and get moving so she isn't waiting long!\" She had never been so annoyed with anyone being this controlled. She watched her dad run ahead of her with her suitcases. Right off the bat Annie had realized that her father was as trained like a little puppy. \"Nice to meet you, too, 'dad'…\" she murmured to herself, trailing behind Nick. When she finally reached the parking lot, she saw Nick packing her things into the trunk. She made her way over to the car, where she saw a blonde-hair girl with bright pink lipstick sitting in the passenger seat. \"Meredith? Is that you?\" Annie said in disgust. Meredith and Nick looked at each other confused. \"Excuse me? Who else would I be?\" Meredith snapped. \"Oh, you just looked a tad different. Maybe it was all the weight you've put on since I've been gone.\" Annie snobbishly said as she cracked a smile and hopped in the other side of the car. The three of them sat in silence the whole car ride back to their house. Annie closed her eyes to take a nap, and before she knew it, they were at the house. Once they parked, Annie watched Meredith drag Nick straight inside the house, with no resistance from Nick. \"Um hello? Is anyone going to help me bring my suitcases inside?\" asked Annie with a sense of aggravation in her voice. She heard nothing but a door slam shut, so she fetched her suitcases from the trunk herself. Annie struggled up the driveway with her large suitcase and finally made it to the door. As soon as she entered and closed the door behind her, she was unpleasantly greeted by a golden retriever. She did not remember Hallie mentioning they had a dog. \"Help!\" Annie said startled. Nick came rushing into the room holding Meredith's hand. \"What, Hal?! He's just excited to see you!\" laughed Nick. \"Awww, come here, Buddy!\" Meredith exclaimed, and the dog did exactly what she said. \"Why don't you look at that,\" said Meredith \"looks like he forgot all about you while you were gone at camp. Boo-hoo.\" \"Or maybe he likes that you also smell like a dog 24/7.\" Annie snapped as she walked up the stairs towards Hallie's bedroom, which was indicated with a big \"H\" on the door. \"I'll be in my room if you need me, dad.\" said Annie. Again, she heard nothing but the sound of the dog, Nick, and Meredith make their way to the kitchen. She stayed in her room all night waiting for Hallie's call. Hallie had finally landed in London and she was already bewildered with excitement. Once she set foot into the airport, she immediately spotted a gentleman in a black and white suite and tie holding up a sign that said \"Welcome Home, Annie!\" in one hand and roses in the other. \"Martin?!\" Hallie ecstatically said. She walked towards him with arms wide open. \"Did you already forget, Ms. James?!\" Martin said jokingly. He placed the sign and roses down and extended one of his arms out ready to do their handshake. Hallie confidently shook his hand and proceeded with the rest of the hand shake, which was then followed by a huge hug. They made their way towards the luggage claim. \"I missed you, Ms. James! Your aunt, grandfather, and I lost so much sleep just waiting for you to come home. I remember your mother always dreaded sending you to camp because she hates going days without seeing you! It's been so quite in the house.\" said Martin as he gathered her two large suitcases from the conveyor belt. \"It just feels so good to be back, I cannot wait to sleep in my own bed!\" \"Then let's get to it shall we! We should try to beat the traffic since we have a long drive ahead of us. Are you hungry? \"No, not at all.\" Lied Hallie. \"Very well then, off we go!\" Martin escorted Hallie outside where he opened the car door for her before he set her suitcases in the trunk. After the two-hour car ride, Hallie finally pulled up to the house. She couldn't help but be in awe about the beautiful stone walls, steps, and fountain that was placed in the front. She couldn't believe this was where her mother lived all her life. Once Martin parked the car, he got out and made his way to Hallie's side of the car and opened the door. \"Welcome home, Ms. James!\" said Martin. \"Mary and your grandfather are waiting for you inside. Go on ahead while I grab your bags!\" She did just as he said and slowly made her way around the fountain and up the steps of this gorgeous mansion. She finally built up the courage to open the door and step inside. \"Annie, is that you?!\" shouted a high-pitched voice from upstairs. Mary came out in a gorgeous, teal, a-lined dress with a pearl necklace. \"Yes, Mary, it's me. It's me Annie!\" exclaimed Hallie as she walked towards the spiral staircase. Mary came rushing down with a smile on her face. \"Welcome back, sweetie!\" greeted Mary with a big hug and kisses. \"You cut your hair!\" \"Yes, I did! Do you like it?\" said Hallie excitedly. \"Like it? I love it! You work short hair better than I do!\" Mary said, giving her another hug. \"I'm in the middle of a business call, I'll be out in a few. Grandfather's in the library if you haven't said hello already!\" Mary walked back up the spiral staircase blowing Hallie a kiss. After wandering the wide hallways of this mansion, she finally found the library, which was right by a table with a telephone by it, which reminded her that she needed to call Annie ASAP. But first, she peeked her head in the library. \"Grandfather, are you in here?\" \"Annie! You're back, hello! Come over here and give me a hug!\" he turned around from a tall, leather spinning chair. Hallie cracked a smile and headed over to give him a hug. \"How was camp? Did you make any new friends?\" \"I guess you could say that!\" Hallie giggled. \"That's wonderful, darling. I'm glad you had fun.\" \"Yeah I did! I'm happy to be back home, I can't wait to take a shower and fall asleep in my own bed, which I should probably do now. It's getting kind of late.\" \"Oh yes. Freshen up, I'll see you at breakfast tomorrow morning. Thanks for stopping by to say hello to me. Love you, Annie!\" Hallie quietly left the room, closing the door behind her. Before she went upstairs, she remembered the telephone that she spotted on the table. She unplugged it from the wall, and stuffed it in her sweater's big pocket that she was wearing. Hoping no one would notice, she started her way up the spiral staircase and finally made it to Annie's room. She shut the door behind her, found the nearest outlet to connect the telephone to, and pulled out Annie's number from her pocket. She then entered the number into the phone and it rang. She sat and waited, and finally Annie answered. \"Hello?\" Hallie whispered eagerly, \"Annie, is that you?\" \"Hallie! You're alive and in London! I'm in California! This is crazy. I already have so much to tell you.\" \"Yeah I made it here! I can't believe we pulled this off. It's so nice here! London is exactly what it looks like in all the pictures and postcards! How's California so far?\" \"I wouldn't know, I've been in your room all day. But from what I somewhat have seen, it's gorgeous. The only hideous thing about it here is dad's 'Meredith.' I have already had it with her and I just met her. I don't understand how you have dealt with her for so long!\" \"I'm barely breathing when I'm around her, Annie. You have to do something about her sooner or later. The sooner she's dead, the sooner we can switch back.\" \"About that… Hallie, I've been doing a lot of thinking since being here and I have yet another great idea. And you must hear me out.\" \"Oh boy, I'm excited for this one.\" Hallie said sarcastically. \"I have with me…\" Annie paused for dramatic effect. \"You have with you what exactly?\" \"I have with me a tube of rattle-snake venom from camp last year from that nature walk! You saw it in my memory box in the cabin, remember?\" \"What's your point?\" asked Hallie. \"My point is that it's venom, and it's poisonous. If injected to any victim, they die almost instantly. I'm saying if somehow, I slipped some into Meredith's wine at dinner…\" \"YOU ARE BRILLIANT!\" Hallie exclaimed, trying not to be too loud. \"So it's settled then. After tonight's dinner, there will be no more Meredith?\" Before Hallie could answer, Mary knocked on her door. \"Annie? You okay in there?\" \"Yes mother, one second!\" Hallie said in a panic, \"look, Annie, I'll call you back in a bit. Aunt Mary's at the door!\" she whispered. \"Got it, I'll wait for your call back. Have fun with her sis, she's great! Bye!\" Annie hung up. \"Come in, Aunt Mary!\" \"So, Annie… Tell me about camp! Meet anyone new?\" \"Yeah, I meet new people every year actually. I made one special friend though, she's the one that cut my hair. Can you believe it?!\" \"Long or short hair, Annie, you're still beautiful! Your friend did a spectacular job.\" Aunt Mary said with a smile. \"Thank you! But spending so much time with her made me wonder more about mom… Can I ask you something?\" \"You can always ask me anything, Annie\" she said with a worried look. \"Mom's accident wasn't intentional on the driver's part, was it?\" \"Why would it have been?\" Aunt Mary hesitated. \"Was it not a coincidence that the drunk driver happened to be the man that she had kids with?\" Hallie looked away with tears rolling down her face. Aunt Mary had a blank look on her face. \"Annie, sweetie…\" she started, \"how did you put those pieces together? Is there something you're not telling me?\" \"Yes, actually… I'm not sure where to start, but I'm going to say it…\" Hallie gulped before she continued, \"I'm not exactly who you think I am… I'm Hallie.\" She couldn't believe those words had come out of her mouth this early. She didn't know what Aunt Mary was going to think. Her heart dropped into her stomach. She was nervous, so naturally, she started playing with her locket. \"You can't be…\" said Aunt Mary in astonishment, tears rolling down her face. \"It's me, Aunt Mary. I'm Hallie Parker, and Nick Parker is my father.\" Aunt Mary noticed the locket Hallie was playing with. She leaned in closer only to find out that there was the letter \"H\" engraved for \"Hallie.\" More tears rolled down her face. \"Hallie?! It is you! My goodness!\" she exclaimed, holding Hallie close to her. \"You found Annie at camp, and switched places with her?! You, Hallie, are here in London and Annie is all the way in California still?!\" \"Yes… I hope you're not mad… I just wanted to meet my mother and she wanted to meet our dad…\" \"But honey… Annie must have explained to you that your mother…\" \"I know… She showed me the newspaper article with our father's mug shot. That's how I put two and two together… Dad was the drunk driver killed mom on Christmas. I don't want to go back home to the man that killed my mother, Aunt Mary…\" Hallie explained as she wiped her never ending tears. Aunt Mary held her tightly. \"Your mother would have loved to be here right now, Hallie. I promised her I would take the best of care of you girls and I'm keeping my word. I would love for you to stay here, in London, with us. Annie has more than enough room in her bedroom for an extra bed… Have you spoken to her? When is she coming back? How is she coming back?!\" \"Well,\" said Hallie with a sense of doubt in her voice, \"we didn't think this entirely through. She's with dad, but Meredith, his girlfriend, is preventing her from enjoying her time.\" \"I had a horrible feeling about that woman… I'm buying Annie her ticket home that will leave first thing tomorrow morning. I'm sorry, Hallie, but I do not trust Annie with your father. I'm going to make some lunch, come down when you want to!\" said Aunt Mary, who gave her a gentle kiss on Hallie's forehead and then left the room. As soon as she left, the first thing on Hallie's mind was to call Annie back and that's exactly what she did. She redialed the number on the telephone and immediately, there was an answer. \"What took you so long to call me back?!\" \"Annie, listen to me. Do what you have to do to get rid of Meredith. Now.\" \"Just what I wanted to hear!\" \"But I have news… I spilled the beans to Aunt Mary just now. Long story short, you're flying back here tomorrow.\" \"Double whammy! I hate this dump, I don't know how you'll be able to handle it once you come back.\" \"That's the second part, Annie. I'm not going back!\" \"WHAT,\" Annie shouted in excitement, \"Aunt Mary is letting you stay there? With me? With all of us?!\" \"I guess you'll find out when you come home tomorrow! Now do what you have to do with your venom, I'm going down to eat lunch. Good luck Annie, I believe in you.\" Hallie hung up the phone. Annie was left in pure joy and excitement. All of the adrenaline was rushing throughout her body once she pulled out the tube of venom. She examined it, flipping the tube upside down, right side up, and upside down again. She took out the cork cap and made her way downstairs, hiding it in her hand she covered with her sleeve. Everyone was at the table once she was downstairs. \"Oh great, Hallie, while you're up, why don't you grab us some wine.\" Meredith snobbishly said. \"Yeah… Why don't I?\" Hallie smirked. She walked to the kitchen and realized this could not have been a more perfect time to sabotage Meredith's drink. Part of her was tempted to sabotage Nick's drink as well, but there wasn't enough. Besides, she wanted him to suffer the way she did when he killed Elizabeth because who knew if it was intentional or not. She poured two glasses of red wine, emptied out the venom tube into one of them, and made sure she gave the right one to Meredith. \"The finest wine for you, my fair lady!\" Annie said sarcastically. \"Whatever, give that to me.\" Annie then made her way over to Nick, and handed him his untouched glass. \"Here ya go, pops!\" \"Thanks, Hal!\" Annie walked to the only empty chair where a delicious plate of steak, mountain of mashed potatoes, and grilled asparagus stared right at her. The sound of Nick clearing his throat broke her daze, and all her attention was paid to him. He raised his half-drank glass of red wine as he started his toast. \"Cheers,\" he said, \"to Hallie having a fun trip and coming home in one piece.\" \"And also cheers to me and you, babe!\" \"…and cheers to me and Meredith!\" Nick added confusingly. Annie rolled her eyes at Meredith, who then leaned over and gave Nick a long kiss on the lips just to get a rise out of her. Everyone then clinked their glasses together and both Nick and Hallie took a gulp out their drinks. Meredith, on the other hand, downed her glass of wine. \"Stay classy, Meredith.\" Hallie said with a disgusted look on her face. Like the car ride, the three of them ate in silence until it was abruptly broken by Meredith coughing uncontrollably. The coughing turned into violent shaking, and in a blink of an eye, she hit on the floor, where Nick was trying to give her mouth to mouth. \"Meredith? Meredith?! Stay with me, please!\" Nick panicked, \"Hallie, call an ambulance!\" \"You got it, dad!\" Hallie left the scene to the kitchen, where she stood and enjoyed watching Meredith struggle for the last breaths of air. \"Meredith! Hang in there! Please!\" shouted Nick. \"Forget it, Hallie, I'm taking her to the ER myself!\" he yelled. Nick grabbed his car keys in a hurry, carried Meredith in his arms, who was still violently shaking and unresponsive, and out the door he went. Early the following morning, Nick still had not returned home. Annie still had to pack her belongings and print out her plane ticket, but first, she had to call a cab. She had 10 minutes until she had to leave. Every bag of hers was ready to go, so she carried all of them downstairs. Before she headed out the door, she wanted to make a last minute impression that would last a life time. After a lot of thought, she took off her locket and placed it on the dining room table, which was the first thing you saw when you walked in the house. To make it even more obvious to Nick that she was Annie and not Hallie, reached into her memory box and took out the newspaper article from her mother's death and neatly laid it next to her locket. If that wasn't a dead giveaway, she didn't know what else would be. There was honk outside the door which indicated that the cab had finally arrived. Annie took a last look around the Parker household and walked out the door forever. ","Summary":" The Parent Trap Fanfiction If there was one thing every kid dreaded during summer, it was seeing th"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Fears","Author":"KiraSkywolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5907427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: First published fan fiction so tell me what you think! I wrote this because I love the Parent Trap (1998) movie, but I think the characters got off a little too easy. I mean you have a secret twin that your parents conspired to keep you apart from and one parent that is willing to never have any interaction with you at all and you're automatically okay with it? Come on that's got to cause some issues in a kid right?! Disclaimer: The Parent Trap (1998) belongs to Disney. I own no characters in this particular fan fiction. Fears The thunder exploded in the damp Californian night rattling the window and jerking Hallie awake. She laid there for a moment, slightly disoriented, as the last wispy ghosts of her nightmare faded into the darkness of her room. The red-head snuggled closer to the wall that bordered one side of her bed, pressing the soothingly cool texture against her sweaty forehead. There, in her near fetal position, she controlled her breathing and felt her heart rate slow as she listened to the rain drops hit the outside of the wall. Hallie shook her head at herself once she was calm. She couldn't believe she had that dream again. It had been such a long time she had almost forgotten about it. Well, not really but still… The thunder crashed again, more fiercely than before, shaking the window and vibrating the wall this time. Hallie stiffened, listening to see if the noise had woken her sister across the room. After a moment she relaxed, and just began to turn her thoughts back to her dream when she felt the covers being lifted. The bed shifted as Annie crawled in beside her and rearranged the blankets to cover both of them. Hallie didn't turn around to face her twin or make any indication that she could feel Annie's back slightly touching her own. She didn't say anything because she knew if she opened her mouth she would tell her sister to go back to her own bed, and this would embarrass and upset her. Instead, she just suppressed a sigh. They were getting too old for this. They would turn fifteen in a little less than four months. Yes, that was far too old for this. She hadn't minded when they were younger, especially right after their family reunited. They had chosen to stay in the same room because they had wanted to, not because it was necessary. The Californian house had plenty of vacant rooms, but they wanted to stay together. They had missed the first eleven years of each other's lives, and they knew they only had a few precious years before they separated again to start different lives away from their family. It was inevitable; their interests differed far too much for them to wind up at the same place. They knew this even back then, and it had made Hallie feel good to know that she could offer her sister comfort when she was afraid, but now it needed to stop. Hallie had always thought being afraid of thunder was silly. She could understand being afraid of lightning, that could strike you or just about anything around you, but thunder was just a loud rumbling noise. Annie was only afraid of thunder. Of course, Hallie had never told her sister that her fear was ridiculous knowing that Annie was the more sensitive than she would like to admit, something that Hallie secretly associated with the fact that her sister had been raised solely by their mother for the first eleven years while she had been raised solely by their father. Nick had started sending her back to her own bed when she was four, something her mother always berated him for after finding out. The conversation always went along the same lines: \" Oh come on Liz, kids have to learn to face their fears and comfort themselves.\" \" I agree, but I think they should at least know their alphabet first.\" \" Well she knew most of 'em. That's close enough right?\" Then they would laugh and forgive each other because it was a silly thing to argue about. Hallie sometimes wondered how they could forget the past so easily. They never talked about those eleven years that they had spent as a broken family. Sometimes she wished they would just so she could maybe understand. She was tempted to ask them sometimes, why it had been so important that they could never see each other again, not even to visit the daughter that wasn't in their custody. It made Hallie angry sometimes to think about, but she would never ask because there were things she didn't want to know. She didn't want to know whose idea the separation had been or how they had stomached the idea of never seeing one of their daughters again. On her darkest days she hated them for it. For what they had done and what they had almost done. The dream was always the same. She would be walking down a random dark street when she would run into Annie and her mother going the opposite direction. When she would try to speak to them they would never know who she was. A cold feeling of fear always came and she would desperately try to explain, but they would never believe her. They would just look at her like she was crazy and hurry away, leaving her alone in the darkness. What made it so scary wasn't the dream itself; it was the knowledge that it was very close to what could have been. On the days that she hated her parents she would think about meeting her twin at Camp Walden. Annie always said it had been fate. Hallie wasn't so sure. It was painful to think about, but if any little thing had gone differently, if she hadn't fenced that day, if Annie had felt too tired to take up the challenge, or even if Annie had picked up a different brochure for girls camps that where in America there was a good possibility that they would have never met. Their family wouldn't exist, not like it was supposed to. Hallie had first had the reoccurring dream on the night after she and Nick had come after Liz and Annie once they had left for London, then again the night before her parents' second wedding. It came at least three times a week for the next six months, then sporadically for awhile, and finally not at all… until now. The red-head knew what any shrink would tell her, her sub-conscious was just processing her fear of her family separating again. It was a natural thing to feel, given her family history. This made Hallie wonder if she and her sister's tendency to randomly switch places was \"natural.\" It was just for the hell of it, at least that's what Hallie would say if anyone ever noticed. No one ever did. Was it natural for one to know everyone who sat beside the other in her various classes? Was it natural to know exactly what the other would order for lunch on any given day with any given choices? Where they really so unconsciously scared of being separated that they felt the need to keep up the ability to hide behind one identity or the other? No, it wasn't natural. Their parents never fought, at least not often and usually not about anything too serious. They shouldn't need to do this anymore. The thunder crashed again and she felt Annie flinch out of a light sleep. Hallie shook her head again and reminded herself that she really did love her parents and the family they had now. That's what mattered. As Hallie closed her eyes to return to sleep, a strange thought came into her head. It had been raining on the day her mother and sister left to go back to England. There hadn't been any visible lightning, just an occasional roll of thunder… She bolted up then, laughing hysterically, because it was funny in a sick twisted sort of way. She felt Annie sit up too and knew she was staring. \"Hallie?\" she asked her voice slightly fearful. \"W-what's so funny?\" Hallie kept laughing, tears where rolling down her face but Annie wasn't so sure that they were from being amused. \"Hallie?\" Annie was very afraid now, and her English accent became more pronounced to prove it. \"We're so messed up.\" The laughing twin finally managed to choke out. \"We're so screwed up and you don't even know it!\" And she laughed some more because it really was funny. Annie, too flabbergasted to respond, simply continued to stare. Hallie stopped laughing abruptly, making her twin flinch. \"Go back to your own bed.\" She said, suddenly serious as she reached out and pushed her sister onto the floor before lying to face the wall again. Annie sat on the floor for a moment, regaining her wits. \"Hallie?\" she asked again once she stood to look at the figure lying in the bed. Hallie was already asleep. Annie returned to her bed, not noticing the roll of thunder that shook the room. She had more important fears to worry about now. Another Note: Well, now that you've read it I should clear up a few things. First, Hallie isn't completely crazy. She has a lot of issues and the reality of the situation just got dumped on her all at once. Annie has issues too, they're just not as pronounced. (I might do an Annie-centric later since this one was mostly Hallie. What do ya think huh huh?!) I also don't think that Liz and Nick are terrible parents. They clearly care a lot for their kids. They've just made some big mistakes, which I think deserve some addressing. That's all. Hope you liked it! ","Summary":" Authors note: First published fan fiction so tell me what you think! I wrote this because I love th"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"The Picnic","Author":"grpruett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5151643","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N1 The characters in \"The Picnic\" are base on the Walt Disney's \"The Parent Trap\" starring Lindsay Lohan. The Characters Hallie Parker, Annie James, Nick Parker, Elizabeth James, Chessy, Martin and Charles are the property of Walt Disney. All rights belong to Walt Disney. The story line of \"The Picnic\" was created by the author. A/N2 Chessy's last name wasn't mentioned in the 'Parent Trap' so I'm giving her the last name of Sullivan. In London, England on December 25th at 6:00 P.M. local time, Nick, Elizabeth, Hallie, Annie, Charles, Chessy, Martin, Nick's sister Jenny, Jenny's husband Derrick, Elisabeth's cousins Sally and James, Sally's husband Tom and James' current girlfriend Eleanor were sitting down at a dining room table with their teas or sodas in their hands. On top of the dining room table were an uncarved turkey, ham, corn, cranberry sauce, stuffing, mash potatoes, gravy, sweet potatoes, candy yams, bake beans and dinner rolls. Just before everyone had started migrating towards the dining room table, Tom had begun a topic on first dates, and that discussion continued as everyone was getting comfortable in his or her dining room chair. Eleanor talked about her first date with James as everyone was helping his or herself to the food. Her first date story ended once everyone's plate was filled and everyone was eating. When Eleanor took her first bite of food, Sally asked, \"So, Chessy? Martin? What did you two do on your two's first date?\" \"We just went on a picnic,\" Chessy simply said in a tone as if the topic of her first date made her anxious. \"Can someone pass the gravy? Please.\" As Tom was passing the gravy to Chessy, Hallie pointed out, \"Each time your picnic date is mentioned, Chess, you seem to get uneasy and then change the subject.\" \"I hadn't noticed before, but Hal's right,\" Nick agreed. \"Chess, did something happen to you and Martin during that picnic?\" \"Perhaps we should tell them,\" Martin suggested. Chessy slightly hesitated before nodding in agreement. On the day that Nick, Hallie, Annie and Meredith left for their camping trip, Chessy and Martin climbed into Chessy's vehicle to go on a picnic. After getting several miles outside Napa California near a small town, Chessy and Martin left their vehicle and trekked through the woods with their picnic basket and a red plaid blanket. Once they reached a clearly, Chessy gazed over the area before saying, \"This is a perfect site for a picnic.\" Martin gestured to the most leveled area while saying, \"Shall I set up there?\" Chessy nodded with a pleasant grin while saying, \"That's a perfect spot.\" Martin spread out the blanket, and once Chessy set up the food on the blanket the two sat down. Before either of them had helped themselves to the food, Chessy asked, \"So before you worked for Elizabeth, what did you imagine your life to be?\" Martin slightly grinned before answering, \"Don't laugh, but throughout my late teens and early twenties, my plans was to become the next big rock star.\" Chessy began to hear a weeping sound within the trees as Martin continued to say, \"I was determined to become bigger than the Beetles…\" \"You hear that?\" Chessy asked. Martin stopped talking and listened to the sounds around him. He then turned towards the trees before saying, \"I hear… someone crying… or at least that is what it sounds like to me.\" \"It sounds like someone's crying to me too,\" Chessy said as she went to stand up. Martin followed suit. \"I can't imagine who else would be out here.\" Chessy and Martin followed the weeping into the woods and after a short search, they found an eight-year-old boy sitting on a good size tree trunk that was broken and lying across the ground. The boy had long black hair and russet skin. His face was buried in his hands while weeping. \"Hello,\" Chessy said gently while trying not to startle him. The boy raised his head to look at them. His face was puffy and soaked with tears. Without acting shock to see them, the boy said, \"I can't find him.\" \"Find who?\" Martin asked. \"Who else is out here?\" The boy slightly grinned before saying, \"You're English.\" Martin grinned before confirming, \"I am.\" \"I never met anyone from England before.\" \"Well, who else is out here?\" Martin asked again. \"Jack is somewhere out here. I can't find him. Can you help me find him?\" \"Is Jack your brother?\" Chessy asked. The boy shook his head before saying, \"He's my dog.\" \"Jack is a dog,\" Martin said in a relieved tone. The boy nodded as Chessy asked, \"What is your name?\" \"I'm Seth,\" he began. \"Jack doesn't know these woods. I think he's lost. Can you help me find him?\" \"Do you have a last name, Seth?\" Chessy asked. \"It's White-Cloud. We need to find Jack.\" \"We will,\" Chessy assured him. \"Where do you live though?\" \"I'm not going home without Jack,\" Seth quickly said. \"Okay, Seth,\" Chessy quickly assured him. \"When was the last time you saw Jack?\" \"Jack chased a large cat in this direction, but I lost sight of him… at least I think it was a cat that he chased. I didn't get a good look at it.\" \"So you live nearby?\" Martin asked. \"I'm not going home without Jack,\" Seth repeated more forcibly and agitatedly. The wind began to violently blow. \"Martin didn't mean anything by his question,\" Chessy assured Seth. \"We will help you to find Jack.\" The wind calmed down. Seth then nodded while saying in a calmer voice, \"Okay.\" \"I'm Chessy by the way.\" Seth stared confusingly at Chessy for a brief moment before pointing in a direction and saying, \"We should try that way to look for Jack.\" \"Okay,\" Chessy said. \"Let's look for Jack.\" As everyone began to walk Seth chose the direction that they went. After taking a few steps, Martin asked, \"You're Native American, aren't you?\" \"Native American?\" Seth echoed confusingly as if he had never heard that term. \"Your nationality is Native American, isn't it?\" Martin asked. \"Like my nationality is English.\" \"My nationality is American Indian and I'm from the Shoshone-Bannock nation,\" Seth said. \"A few days ago, me, my dad, my mom, my baby sister and Jack were living on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation.\" \"So you just very recently moved to this area?\" Chessy asked. Seth nodded before saying, \"We must find Jack.\" \"And we will,\" Chessy said. \"We should call for him,\" Seth suggested. \"Okay,\" Chessy said before she, Martin and Seth called out. During the passing minutes, the three walked through the woods while taking turns to call out for Jack. After an hour of searching while walking pretty much in a straight line Martin again suggested, \"Seth, we should take you home now.\" \"No!\" Seth screamed. The wind again violently blew. \"Jack is out here and I won't go home without him!\" \"I was only thinking of your parents,\" Martin said. \"Your parents must be sick while worrying where you are.\" \"I won't go home without Jack,\" Seth said while taking a stand. The wind had gotten even stronger. \"Okay; okay, we'll keep looking.\" Seth nodded and the wind once again died down to a gentle breeze. Martin then whispered in Chessy's ear, \"I'll give this a little bit more time and then I'm going back to the car and find the local police.\" Chessy nodded while staring delightfully in Martin's eyes, and during the stare, Martin saw an intimate moment and leaned towards Chessy to kiss her. Chessy allowed the kiss. After a brief moment, the wind had slightly picked up again just as Seth uttered, \"You two aren't even looking for Jack!\" Chessy and Martin immediately ended the kiss and as Chessy faced Seth, she said, \"We are, Sweetie. I think we need more people out here though to help look for him. We should go and see if your parents will come out and help search.\" \"No!\" Seth uttered as the wind became slightly stronger. \"Jack was supposed to have been on his chain. I let him off and dad will be mad at me. I must find Jack.\" \"Okay, we'll keep looking,\" Chessy told him, and once again the wind had died down to a light breeze. \"Is the gusting winds normal for this region?\" Martin finally asked. \"I don't know what' is up with the winds,\" Chessy said. She then took hold of Martin's hand, and they held hands as they continued to follow Seth. After another thirty minutes had passed, Martin whispered to Chessy, \"We should attempt to nudge Seth back towards where we had come from before we get lost.\" \"I've been paying attention to where we're going, and amazingly he is fixated at going in one direction,\" Chessy pointed out. \"Getting him to change direction isn't going to be easy.\" \"Perhaps one of us should slow him down as the other go back to get help,\" Martin suggested. Before Chessy could respond, Seth pointed while uttering delightfully, \"There! There he is!\" As Chessy and Martin looked, Seth took off running. At first, Chessy or Martin couldn't see a dog, but almost as if materializing before their eyes, a malamute was present and Seth ran up to it. \"Okay… is it me or did that dog just suddenly appear there?\" Chessy asked. \"I… I was wondering the same thing,\" Martin said. \"I guess, we could've overlooked him.\" \"We had to have,\" Chessy agreed while shaking it off. Seth and Jack greeted each other as a young boy and his dog would. Chessy and Martin stepped up to them before Martin said, \"We should get you home now.\" \"Okay,\" Seth finally agreed with a nod. \"Come, Jack.\" Seth and Jack led the way, which was in a slightly different direction than how they had come, and after walking for two hours, Seth stopped and scanned the area in a couple of directions. \"What is it?\" Chessy asked. Without answering Chessy, Seth walked again with a slight course change before saying, \"This way.\" As Chessy and Martin continued to follow Seth, Chessy told Martin, \"I'm officially lost. I have no idea where our picnic site or the car is.\" \"Perhaps, Seth can remember where we met,\" Martin suggested. \"Let's hope so.\" Within another fifteen minutes, Seth led Chessy and Martin down a dirt road to a ranch style house. The house was well kept with a fresh coat of paint. A woman, in her late twenties, opened the door as they were approaching it. Before Chessy, Martin or Seth could say anything, the woman uttered, \"Seth! You're dad is out looking for you. Where have you been?!\" \"Jack got loose and took off. I had to find him.\" \"Go to your room! You're grounded!\" \"Fine,\" Seth impolitely uttered. \"Come, Jack.\" As Seth and Jack were entering the house, Chessy said, \"You must be Mrs. White-Cloud.\" \"You two can call me Janis. What are you're names.\" \"I'm Chessy, and he's Martin.\" \"You two have a new-love aura about you,\" Janis pointed out. \"It burns bright and strong.\" \"Really?\" Chessy uttered in a slightly surprised tone. \"You… you're a psychic?\" \"Not often, but sometimes, I see things or get feelings about certain things, and with you two it's coming in clear and bright,\" Janis pointed out. \"Anyway, I hope my son didn't ruin your date.\" \"It's fine,\" Chessy said. \"We just wanted to make sure that your son got home safely,\" Martin added. Janis nodded before saying, \"The electricity is out, so there's no food to offer you… except for the apples that are on the apple tree in back.\" \"Why is your electricity out?\" Martin quickly asked. \"We just recently moved here and there was a misunderstanding as to when it was supposed to have been turned on,\" Janis said. \"My husband and I are trying to get it straighten out. Meanwhile, we're eating fast food.\" \"Seth said that he had a younger sister,\" Chessy said almost as a question. Janis again nodded before answering with, \"Valerie is staying somewhere where there are food and utilities. Anyway, you two are welcome to come in.\" Martin gestured towards the road while saying, \"We probably should get back to our car.\" Martin then scanned the area near the dirt road. \"Of course I have no clue as to which direction that is.\" \"Kyle, my husband, will most likely check in before too long about if Seth had showed up. When he does, he can take you two to your car.\" \"Alright,\" Chessy agreed. \"Those apples? Are they ripe?\" Martin asked. \"Yeah. Go help yourselves to as many as you want,\" Janis said. \"I'll go and grab a few apples for us,\" Martin told Chessy. Chessy nodded while saying, \"Okay. I'll be with Janis.\" Martin nodded before he walked away. After Chessy and Janis stepped inside, Chessy admired the front room. \"You have a pretty house… from what I can see of it that is.\" \"Would you like a tour?\" Chessy slightly hesitated before nodding and saying, \"Sure.\" Chessy followed Janis around the house and during the tour of the master bedroom, Chessy noticed a photograph of Janis at her current age, Seth at his current age, a man and a little girl that looked to be a few months old. While looking at the portrait, she noticed that the little girl had a heart shaped birthmark on the left side of the neck just below the jaw. Chessy gestured towards the photograph while asking, \"Are they Kyle and Valerie?\" \"Yes,\" Janis said. \"That photo was taken just before we moved here.\" Janis continued with the tour and as they were returning to the living room, Martin was coming in with a few apples. As the minutes passed, Chessy and Martin ate the apples as the three sat in the living while having a casual conversation. After an hour, Martin asked, \"At what time will your husband come home?\" \"My husband can be a determined man,\" Janis said. \"If he believes that Seth is still out there, he can be out there all night.\" \"Like father, like son,\" Martin said. Janis gave Martin a curious look. \"Seth was determined to find Jack.\" \"Yes,\" Janis sullenly agreed. \"Seth can be stubborn and unfortunately, he gets it from me as well as his dad.\" \"A double dose of stubbornness,\" Chessy said. \"I know very well how that can be.\" Janis grinned before saying, \"Anyway, it will be sunset soon and we will lose the sunlight. So you two are welcome to stay the night. If Kyle comes in during the night, then he can take you two to your car; otherwise you will have to wait until the morning comes.\" \"Right,\" Chessy and Martin said. Chessy, Martin and Janis talked until the sun began to fade away, and before the sun faded completely Janis showed Chessy and Martin the spare bedroom. The window faced east, and the curtain and window were opened. As they stepped into the bedroom, Chessy and Martin saw that the bed was a full size bed without any sheets or pillows. Before Chessy or Martin could ask about the sheets and pillows, Janis said, \"Kyle and I used our sheets to wrap things in when we moved, so they're filthy. The pillows are filthy too, and without electricity I can't run the washer and dryer.\" \"It's fine,\" Chessy assured her. \"I can think of a way for Martin and me to stay warm.\" \"Yes,\" Martin agreed while trying to hide a pleasant grin. Janis amusingly grinned before saying, \"Okay. I'll see you two later and goodnight.\" Janis shut the door and as her footsteps faded as she walked away, Chessy and Martin prepared themselves for bed. Once Chessy and Martin got into bed, they cuddled. Chessy was facing away from Martin and after a couple of minutes Martin gently and arousingly rubbed Chessy's bare skin with his hand. Within seconds of Martin gently rubbing Chessy's skin, Chessy turned towards Martin and pressed her lips against his. The kiss lasted for several seconds that turned into foreplay. The foreplay lasted for several minutes before turning into sexual intercourse that lasted several more minutes. Minutes after sunrise, the local sheriff Valerie Collins stopped her police cruiser behind Chessy's vehicle. Valerie was thirty-three years old. She had russet skin and her black hair was pulled back into a ponytail. A heart shaped birthmark on the left side of her neck just below the jaw was visible. An assortment of flowers was in the passenger seat of the cruiser. Valerie stared curiously at the vehicle in front of her for a brief moment before getting on the radio and running a check of the license plate. When the information came back, Valerie got out of her police cruiser with the assorted flowers and walked into the woods. When Valerie came to the clearly, the red plaid blanket and the untouched food items immediately caught her eye. She then scanned the area while looking for the owners to the blanket and food items. After being satisfied that the owners to the items weren't in the general vicinity, she continued to the tree that was broken and lying across the ground. She laid the flowers on the ground next to where Chessy and Martin had found Seth weeping. She straightened up again before she said, \"I'm here big brother. It's been another year already. Nothing had changed much since last year… except for Tommy. He's twelve now and he no longer worries about getting cooties from girls. In fact, I found him and one of his friends looking at one of those Victoria's Secret magazines. Katie will be ten soon so she will be liking boys in a couple years. As to how protective Tommy can be of Katie and me being the sheriff, Katie might have a problem with finding a boy brave enough to ask her out though.\" Valerie looked around. The winds were a dull breeze. A curious expression came across her face, before she continued with, \"Seth? Are you here?\" Valerie continued to curiously look around her. \"Seth? Seth, things have changed since last year, haven't they? You're no longer here. Mmm. I wonder.\" Valerie turned and walked in the direction of her police cruiser and Chessy's vehicle. At the house, the morning sun had awakened Chessy and Martin. While fully dressed, the two where lying in bed while cuddling for several minutes before they heard a gentle knock on the door. \"Come in,\" Chessy called out. The door opened and Janis took one stepped into the room. \"Good morning, Janis,\" Chessy and Martin told her. Janis grinned before she told them, \"Good morning you two.\" Janis then gestured behind her before she continued to say, \"Your ride will be here in a minute.\" \"Your husband is on his way?\" Martin asked as he and Chessy went to get up. \"No. He stayed gone all night.\" Chessy gave Janis a curious look before saying uncertainly, \"Okay.\" \"Once you two leave here, we won't meet again, and I wish you two the most happiness that a couple could hope for,\" Janis told them. \"Thanks,\" Martin said. \"Yes, thanks, and I'm sure we will meet again,\" Chessy added. Janis grinned before saying, \"I'm a psychic. Remember?\" Chessy grinned while giving Janis a look as if she didn't know where Janis was going with her words. \"In this life, I know that we won't meet again.\" \"I sure hope that your psychic intuition is wrong,\" Chessy said. \"Yes, I can see in your heart that you do,\" Janis said. \"Anyway, your ride is actually driving up as we speak.\" \"Okay, and I will attempt to get back this way,\" Chessy said. With an expression on her face as if she was holding onto an amused secret, Janis just nodded. \"Take care.\" \"Good day,\" Martin said. \"Good day,\" Janis echoed. \"Oh and say bye to Seth for me,\" Chessy added, \"I will,\" Janis said before Chessy and Martin went to greet the driver of their ride. As Chessy and Martin were stepping out of the house Valerie was pulling up in her police cruiser. \"A police car is our ride,\" Chessy questioned as Valerie was opening her car door to step out. \"I guess we should go and talk with…\" Martin got out before noticing that it was a woman, \"her.\" Valerie stood near the driver's door while watching Chessy and Martin as they walked towards her. When the two were a few feet away, Valerie said, \"If you two are here looking to buy, the house isn't for sale.\" \"Buy? No we aren't here to buy,\" Chessy said as she noticed the birthmark on Valerie's neck. \"You have the exact same birthmark as Janis's baby daughter.\" \"What did you just say?!\" Valerie demanded. Chessy went to face the house again as she said, \"You and her daughter…\" Chessy stopped talking when she caught sight of the house again; however, this time the house appeared neglected for years. \"Wait… wha… what happened to the house?\" Martin looked at the house before uttering, \"Good lord! This wasn't how the house looked yesterday.\" \"What do you mean that this isn't how the house looked yesterday?\" Valerie quickly asked. \"Yesterday the house didn't look neglected as it does now,\" Martin said. \"Maybe Janis can explain it,\" Chessy suggested as she moved towards the house. \"Where are you going?\" Valerie demanded. \"To speak to Janis,\" Chessy said as she continued towards the house. Martin followed closely behind. \"I assure you that there's no one… alive anyway in that that house,\" Valerie said as she also followed. \"Janis and her son Seth are in there,\" Chessy insisted. \"Seth?!\" Valerie confusingly echoed. \"Ma'am, please stop.\" \"I'm Chessy,\" she quickly corrected as she continued on. \"Chessy?\" Valerie echoed confusingly. \"Chessy Sullivan?\" \"How do you know my name?\" Chessy asked as she entered the house followed by Martin. \"I ran the license plate on your vehicle,\" Valerie said while following Martin in. \"Is that your picnic set-up out in the clearing?\" Chessy stopped in her tracks, and while staring at the dusty and severely dilapidated furniture, she demanded, \"What's going on?!\" She then yelled out, \"Janis! Seth!\" A sound of something hitting the floor was heard that came from the master bedroom. Valerie glanced towards the master bedroom while wondering aloud, \"What was that?\" \"Janis! Seth!\" Chessy called out again as Valerie went to investigate. As Valerie stepped into the bedroom, Chessy and Martin followed. The bedroom furniture was also severely dilapidated and covered with a thick coat of dust. As Valerie looked around, she saw what had hit the floor, which was the family photograph that Chessy was admiring the night before. As Valerie picked up the photograph, Chessy said, \"That's the picture of Janis, Kyle, Seth and Valerie. Officer, you have the exact birthmark as Valerie.\" Valerie pointed to a patch on her uniform while saying, \"I'm a sheriff; not an officer and the reason that I have the exact same birthmark is because the girl in the photo is me.\" \"You're Valerie White-Cloud?\" Martin questioned. \"I am, except for the past thirteen year, I've been Valerie Collins… well currently Sheriff Valerie Collins to be more precise.\" \"You're not six months old,\" Chessy uttered. \"Not for the past thirty-three years,\" Valerie said. \"Okay, I'm very confused,\" Chessy uttered. \"You two actually saw my brother Seth and my mom Janis?\" Valerie asked. \"Yes,\" Chessy and Martin said. \"And this house… well it had no electricity, but the house and the furniture were in much better condition,\" Martin added. \"What's going on?\" Chessy demanded to know. \"Tell me how you happen to be here and then I might be able to tell you what's going on,\" Valerie prompted. \"Okay, well, the picnic set-up that you recently asked about is ours,\" Martin said. \"And just after sitting on the ground, Martin and I heard weeping,\" Chessy said. \"When we went to find the source, we saw Seth crying while sitting on a tree that was broken and lying across the ground.\" \"You actually saw Seth?\" Valerie quickly asked. \"There and crying?\" \"We did,\" Martin said. \"He was crying over Jack, his lost dog.\" Valerie showed a confused expression across her face. \"So we helped him find Jack, and once we did find his dog we all came back here.\" \"Seth, Jack was why you wouldn't move on during these past thirty-three years, and mom, you wouldn't go without Seth,\" Valerie said as if things were finally making sense. \"Okay, I'm even more confused,\" Chessy said. \"Let me fill you in on what you don't know,\" Valerie began. \"Thirty-three years ago, Seth's dog Jack had gotten loose and ran off… so I was told by my dad anyway. Anyway, Seth went looking for Jack. On the exact same day and not too far from here, someone's illegally kept lions had escaped their pen…\" \"Oh god!\" Chessy uttered while horror struck. \"Yes, I think you guessed it,\" Valerie said. \"Seth was killed by the lions. The spot where his remains were found was where you had met his spirit. Jack or even Jack's remains were never found. My mom's health was poor from carrying me. In fact, Seth's labor was extremely hard on my mom and afterwards, the doctors insisted that she couldn't get pregnant again, but she did with me, and by carrying me it took its toll on my mom's health. The news of Seth's death was more than my mom could bear, and her heart failed within two days. Yesterday was the thirty-third anniversary of Seth's death, and tomorrow will be the thirty-third anniversary of my mom's death.\" \"So what we were seeing last night were ghosts?\" Chessy asked. \"Yes,\" Valerie confirmed. \"In fact, dad and I had to move out because of my mom's weeping spirit…\" \"You could hear her?\" Martin asked; however, his question almost came out sounding like an observation. \"I could hear her and Seth's weeping… or other spirits as they weep for as that matters along with sensing their presence, but I can't see them or hear them speak. When we left the house, my dad left everything; the furniture, the knickknacks, the pictures…\" \"Why leave everything?\" Chessy asked. \"Spirits can attach themselves to pretty much anything they want, and my dad wasn't sure what my mom's spirit was attached to.\" \"Sheriff Collins, I have never seen a ghost before and last night I had seen two of them,\" Chessy pointed out. \"And the same goes with me,\" Martin added. \"For whatever reason, you two were chosen… by either Seth or my mom,\" Valerie explained. \"Seth chose us,\" Chessy guessed. \"He must've known that we would help him find Jack… or Jack's spirit.\" \"That's a reasonable assumption,\" Valerie said. \"But I don't understand how we saw the house as it was thirty-three years ago,\" Chessy continued. \"Spirits can make you see what they want you to see and most likely my mom wanted you to see the house as it was back then,\" Valerie again explained. \"Fascinating,\" Martin said. \"You two had helped Seth to complete an unfinished task, and as a result, Seth's and my mom's spirits have moved on to where they belong. Thank you.\" \"Are you sure that they had moved on?\" Chessy asked. Valerie grinned and nodded before saying, \"I'm sure.\" Valerie slightly held up the photograph. \"I had always wanted this photo and when it fell, it was my mom telling me that I can finally have it… plus I don't feel any spirits in the house anymore. Anyway, since you two didn't get a chance to eat your picnic food, you two must be starving…\" \"We had apples from the tree out back,\" Martin said. \"So we're not as hungry as you think.\" \"There hasn't been an apple tree out back for ten years,\" Valerie informed. \"But…\" Martin got out before shaking it off. \"My appetite feels oddly satisfied for eating phantom apples.\" Valerie amusingly grinned before saying, \"Let me make it up to both of you. Let me buy you two breakfast.\" \"Alright,\" Chessy agreed. \"Alright,\" Martin quickly echoed. \"Oh, uh, no offence, Sheriff Collins, but I hope that I won't be meeting your dad's spirit… at least not anytime soon,\" Chessy said. Valerie again amusingly grinned before saying, \"You won't, and I know this because he's alive and living at a nearby nursing home.\" \"In that photo, your dad doesn't look all that old,\" Chessy pointed out. \"Thirty-three years aged him that much?\" \"He's not in the home because of his age,\" Valerie began. \"He was the sheriff in this town ten years ago, and during one of his calls… his final call in fact, he was shot in the head with a twenty-two. The doctor was able to remove the bullet, but it had left him with severe memory problems. In fact, around this time of the year, he tries to leave the nursing home so he can go out to find Seth.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Chessy sympathetically said. \"You're not the one who fired the gun,\" Valerie said. \"Still,\" Chessy sympathetically said. Valerie gave an understanding nod before gesturing towards the door and asking, \"Shall we?\" \"We shall,\" Chessy said with a grin before the three left the house. Present day, after Eleanor heard Chessy and Martin's first date story, she said, \"Okay that story tops all of ours.\" \"Why didn't you two tell us that story before now?\" Annie quickly demanded to know. \"Although it happened, our experience sounds like an unbelievable ghost story,\" Martin said. \"So you two didn't even get to have your picnic,\" Hallie said. \"Actually, after Valerie bought us breakfast, we did a few things in the town that we were in and by lunchtime, we decided to buy some more food and have that picnic,\" Chessy said. \"Cool,\" Hallie said. \"It's not as fascinating as the story I just heard, but I had a ghostly encounter myself,\" Jenny said before going into her ghost story. The End ","Summary":" A/N1 The characters in \"The Picnic\" are base on the Walt Disney's \"The Parent Trap\" starring Li"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"hey, soul sister","Author":"lococession","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7463222","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Hey, soul sister Fandom: The Parent Trap (1998) Characters: Annie James, Hallie Parker Rating: PG Word Count: 872 \" Sisters? Hallie, we ' re twins! \" Annie and Hallie both reached out and wrapped their arms fiercely around each other. \"Oh, Annie, I mean, I've always wanted to find my mum, and now I've found both her and you, this is—\" \"Unbelievable, I know,\" Annie cut her off. The two newfound sisters exchanged tenuous smiles. \"Tell me more about what Dad's like!\" \"You'll love him, he's like the coolest dad ever! We often go on camping trips and I can talk to him about almost anything, even though he has what he calls a \"dad-mode\"; he doesn't hesitate to ground me if he thinks I need it, which honestly I never do…\" Annie sat back on her bed and leaned against the wall, amusedly listening to Hallie ramble on about the joys of having a father. Even with wildly different experiences they somehow or other had managed to end up with many similar mannerisms, and she found Hallie's speech rhythm familiar and soothing. \"…You could even meet him, since we both want to?\" Hallie finished, as enthusiastic as an exclamation mark. \"Wait, what?\" Perhaps they were not so similar after all. Hallie's train of thought did not seem to follow any logical track. \"No really, we could do this! You'll be Hallie, and I'll be Annie so you can meet Dad and I can meet Mum! It's perfect, and we might even manage to get them back…\" Hallie's voice died down as she caught Annie's expression. \"You don't want to.\" It was not a question, but Annie shook her head anyway. \"But... why! He's Dad ! I mean… he's your father too, don't you want to at least see him, rather than just have some made-up memories based on an old and torn photo?\" Hallie was not making this any easier, as Annie forced herself to say out loud what she'd privately admitted a long time ago. She crossed the room and sat herself beside Hallie. To close the distance between them, she told herself. That this meant that she would not have to look directly at her was pure coincidence. \"You have to understand, Hallie,\" she began, feeling Hallie shift a little closer. \"Mum designs wedding dresses. She's very successful, very happy, and we've both very close. We don't need Dad.\" Sensing Hallie's upcoming protest, she hurriedly continued. \"I used to really want to meet Dad, of course I would. But then I thought—he's just one more person who I'd recognise but not really know , right? He probably has his own life if he hasn't tried to contact his daughter for 12 years.\" \"And then what really settled it was when I asked Mum about Dad.\" Annie looked down and watched her fingers fiddle with the bedsheets. \"I've never seen her look so upset. Ever. It wasn't that she was sad, it was almost like she was lost in her own private box of memories that were chokingly overwhelming but at the same time…\" She struggled to find the appropriate words. \"I do know,\" Hallie said, sighing. She reached for her pillow and sunk her chin into it. \"Dad has the same expression when I try to talk about Mum.\" The two sat in silence for awhile. \"I still want to see Mum,\" Hallie ventured. Annie hesitated, but heck, if anyone were to understand, it'd be Hallie. \"There're days when Mum and I quarrel, and all I feel like doing is hiding under the blanket with my picture of Dad and try to imagine what he'd say.\" \"There're days when I really want a mum to go shopping with, rather than trying to figure out what looks good and pulling my dad away from the stuff that doesn't.\" Annie managed a small laugh. \"If they know we've met, then they'd be forced to remember, which we don't want, but this also means…\" Annie finally looked directly at Hallie and stopped short, trying to assimilate both waves of loss and relief crashing down on her. Hallie apparently understood, because she reached out to grasp her hand and led her over to exchange photos of their parents. \"Hallie?\" Annie said quietly. \"As someone who barely knows you and has spent most of my time here hating you, I feel stupid for saying this but it has to be—\" \"I love you too,\" Hallie replied, and the two held each other, both softly shedding tears for the mother and father they'd never meet. Annie would go back to her mum with cut hair and pierced ears because they both thought twins, even separated ones, should at the very least look alike. She would hug her just a little longer than usual, for the sister who would never get to. A few years down the road she'd enter university and not-so coincidentally meet Hallie there. Both parents would hear about their daughters' new best friends—Anna and Hale—but remain ignorant of the epic pillow fight that ensued when Hallie found out her mum thought she was a boy . They would, however, briefly entertain the fleeting notion that said best friend rather resembled a certain lost daughter, before determinedly throwing such thoughts into the cupboard in which they belonged, and getting on with their own, separate lives. ","Summary":" Title: Hey, soul sister Fandom: The Parent Trap (1998) Characters: Annie James, Hallie Parker Ratin"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Shanghai Dreams","Author":"Kyoko-chan and Mistress-sama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2318691","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hellonfans! I, the Author of Pirates of the Caribbean : The Battle for PortnRoyal, bring you my newest story! SHANGHAI DREAMS! (andnyes, carol helped, too) Anywho,nthis story picks up exactly where Shanghai Knights left off with Roy,nChon, and Lin heading for Hollywood. When Lin is sumoned back tonChina to become the new keeper of the Imperial Seal, Roy is left tonwonder why this disaster had to happen to him. But within two weeks,nhe meets Roxanne Owens, a fickle blonde who has his personality andngolden locks. There's one problem, though. Roxanne isn't charmed bynRoy at all! Or at least, she doesn't show it... This is all on top ofnthe new villan out to get him and Chon, Lord Rathbone's son, Andrew.nHe's bent on avenging his father's death and he'll pursue Roy andnChon all the way to Hollywood if he has to! First chapter commingnsoon! andnI PROMISE I will finish Pirates as soon as I can! I finished writtingnit, now allnI have to do is type it![Chapter 2] Okay,nyou know the drill! I don't own any of these characters. They arenall trademarks of Touchstone Pictures, except Roxanne, who is my ownncreation. So don't sue me! I just like to write! Besides, I'venalways had low self-esteem. These stories just make me feel betternabout myself! (Haha, I couldn't resist a Roy O'Bannon line!) SHANGHAInDREAMS Heartbreak London, England – 1886 \"Well Chon,nit's back to the good ol' US of A.\" said Roy O'Bannon as henpicked up a brown hat from the other side of a mahogany desk. Roy wasntall and thin, and had a mop of shaggy, golden blonde hair. He hadnblue eyes that always danced with a glint of mischief in them and anroguish smile that had charmed countless numbers of women, but nonncould compare, in his mind, to Lin, his friend Chon Wang's sister.n\"I guess if this motion picture thing doesn't work out, you'llnbe heading back to Carson City.\" He sighed. \"I was hoping you'dnstay with Lin and I.\" Chonnpulled the drapes of their room closed. \"I'm really not sure,\"nHe said in his Chinese accent. Chon was somewhat shorter than Roynwas. He was a typical Chinese man with a stocky but muscular build.nHe had narrow brown eyes, tan skin, and black hair which he kept tiednback in a lose ponytail. Roynlooked up in surprise. \"Chon, how can you not know what your goingnto do? You're the one who's always had such a strong sense ofnpurpose!\" \"Injust don't know if I want to go back. I have changed in the pastnfew weeks.\" Chon said. Roynsmiled and put his hand on Chon's sholder. \"Well, just remember,nif you need me, I'll be here… unless someone finds me and decidesnthey want to hang me or something.\" Anknock came from the door. A woman's voice with a Chinese accentnsaid \"Roy, Wang, we have to go!\" Roynopened the door of their hotel room to see Lin standing therenwaiting. She had long black hair and the same narrow brown eyes asnher brother. She smiled at Roy. As thenthree left the room, a man who worked at the hotel approached them.n\"Excuse me,\" He said with an English accent, \"is one of younChon Lin?\" Linnstepped forward. \"I am.\" She said. Thenman pulled a letter from his jacket. \"This just arrived for you.\" Linnlooked apprehensively at the letter, which was marked with the symbolnof China's Emperor. Carefully, she opened the envelope. \"See?nIf I hadn't forgotten my hat, Lin wouldn't have gotten hernletter!\" Roy said pointedly to Chon. Chonnrolled his eyes. \"Who'snit from?\" Roy asked. Linnhesitated. \"It's from the Emperor.\" \"ThenEmperor!\" Roy and Chon exclaimed in disbelief. \"Whatndoes he want?\" Asked Chon. Linnread the letter aloud. \"Chon Lin, as the only child of yournfather's who is allowed to enter the Forbidden City, you have beenncalled upon to become the new Keeper of the Imperial Seal. Your firstnjob is to see that the seal safely reaches China.\" Chonnstared at Lin. \"Do you know what this means?\" \"Yes.\"nShe said as a single tear rolled down her cheek. \" I must return tonthe Forbidden City, where neither of you may follow.\" \"Waitna minute! Time out!\" Roy said in shock. \"You mean you have to go?\" Linnnodded, then she embraced Roy. \"I'll miss you. I am afraid wenwill never see each other again. I'm sorry.\" She kissed Roy, thennshe went to Chon to say good-bye. Royncould scarcely believe what was happening. Here he had finally foundnlove and now, it was all falling apart! \"Inmust leave now.\" Lin said. \"The company that will escort the Sealnback to China leaves this afternoon. I must go with them. Good-bye,nRoy. Good-bye, Wang. I shall miss you both.\" Andnwith that, she was gone, leaving Roy and Chon standing dumbstruck innthe hall. Author'snNote Chonnis the surname of Wang and Lin. A surname is a last name (for thosenwho didn't already know that). The reason Roy calls Wang \"Chon\"nis because in America, our last names are, well, LAST! ( AND nonone bothered to explain to Roy that it's the complete opposite innChina, where the surname comes first!)[Chapter 3] Backnin New York Two WeeksnLater… Roy followed Chon off the ship in a daze. His brightnblue eyes had lost their spark. Chon was worried about his friend. He stopped to letnRoy catch up. \"I was so close, Chon! So close to finally findingnhappiness…\" his voice trailed off. Chon's face darkened. \"Roy, Lin knows she willnnever see you again. You need to except that fact. She has set younfree.\" Roy looked at Chon as they continued walking. \"Freenfrom what?\" he looked back at the ground. Chon smiled knowingly. \"Marriage.\" Roy's head snapped up. \"Marriage? Who saidnanything about marriage?\" \" See, Roy, you are afraid of commitment. You couldnnot have survived marriage. It's for the best.\" Roy's eyes grew wide as he realized it was true. \"Innever thought of that. I guess it's for the best.\" Chon smiled. \"Right. Now quit acting like…\" \"Like I'm in the doghouse?\" Roy finished. Chon nodded. \"Come on, let's get our stuff. It'snstill in your hotel room, right?\" \"Yeah I didn't have time to pick it up before wenleft for England.\" When they reach the front steps, Roy grabbed the sleevenof Chon's coat and pulled him aside. \"Hey, it's only been sixnweeks since the incident with the mayor's daughters. We can'tnjust waltz in there like nothing ever happened! They'll arrest usnin a heartbeat!\" Suddenly, Chon had a thought. \"Roy, where's ournluggage?\" \"Umm…our luggage?\" \"Yes!\" A woman rode up on a horse pulling a cart of trunksnbehind her. \"Is this yours?\" she asked. Roy looked up in surprise. \"Yeah, how'd you know? Indidn't see you on the ship.\" \" I was there, I never saw you either. Papa was thenone who recognized this stuff as yours. He's over talking to thenbaggage Handler because he lost our luggage. So he asked me to bringnthis to you.\" She leapt to the ground in a flurry of skirt ruffles. Roy held out his hand. \"Roy O'Bannon. Pleasure.\" The woman shook his hand with surprising firmness innher grip. \"This is my friend, Chon Wang.\" Roy continued motioningnto Chon. The woman also shook Chon's hand. \"I'm Roxanne Owens,\" She said. Roy looked Roxanne over. She was about the same heightnChon. She had golden blond hair, bright blue eyes, and mischievousnsmile. She was wearing a blue –violet dress that was trimmed withnblack. She wore a hat that sat at a rakish angle. Though thoughts ofnLin still lingered in his mind, his flirtatious instincts took hold.n\"So what does your father do? I seem to remember someone by thenname of Owens, but I can't quite remember his first name…what wasnit?\" \"He's a banker,\" Roxanne explained. \"His namenis Frederick Owens. He and I have been out west of helping establishnnew banks in small towns.\" Suddenly, Roy realized where he'd heard that namenbefore. Roxanne continued, \"he was in London to conductnbusiness with a friend of his named Parker Smith. Would you like tonmeet papa?\" \"Uhhh…no …I don't think I should.\" Roynreplied nervously. Roxanne's expression seemed to ask \"why?\" \"Look, Roxy. Can I call you Roxy? Several years ago,nI was on, I guess, the wrong side of the law. Anyway, I robbed a banknthat belonged to your dad!\" Chon interrupted. \"What about the luggage?\" \"Oh, right,\" Roy said, returning from hisnflirtations. Roxanne led the two around the cart so they could makensure the trunks were theirs. As they walked, Roxanne asked Roy, \"didnyou ever kill anybody?\" Roy looked nervously at Chon. \"Uhhh…no, I haven't.\"nhe lied. Chon opened one of the trunks. \"Roy, I think you neednto see this.\" Roy and Roxanne peered into the trunk. They saw a youngntramp who couldn't have been more than twelve or thirteen years oldnlaying face down on the contents of the trunk. There were red stainsneverywhere. Roxanne was horrified. She looked at Roy in shock. \"I didn't do it!\" Roy said in defense when he sawnRoxanne's expression. He turned his head over his shoulder andnshouted at the boy, \"Hey, scram you little punk!\" The young tramp stirred and sat up, revealing thensource of the stains. An inkbottle they had received from QueennVictoria had broken, spilling the red ink. \"Charlie!\" Chon exclaimed. \"Where am I?\" Charlie asked, brushing his shaggynbrown hair out of his eyes. \"Where are we? We're in New York!\" Roy said innannoyance. \"Who are you?\" Roxanne asked. \"The name's Charlie Chaplain,\" he answered,nclimbing out of the trunk. \"Why are you here?\" Chon asked. \"I thought I could go to Hollywood with you.\" Roy rolled his eyes. \"You have got to benkidding!\" Roxanne's interest was sparked. \"You're going tonCalifornia?\" \"Yes,\" Chon said. \"Could I come with you?\" She asked hopefully. \"I'venwanted to go to California for some time!\" \"I thought you said you and your dad worked in thenwest.\" Roy commented. \"We did, but we only went as far west as Nevada.\"nShe explained. \" But I've heard California is beautiful.\" Roy and Chon were a bit wary of letting a woman joinnthem. It would have been no problem if they didn't have Charlie tonlook after. \"Roxy, Charlie, I have a job for you.\" Roy said. Chong caught the fleeting flash in Roy's eyes thatntold him Roy was thinking of some sort of plan. However, the questionnin his mind was \"What is it?\" ","Summary":" Hellonfans! I, the Author of Pirates of the Caribbean : The Battle for PortnRoyal, bring you my new"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Parent Trap (Egan x Corrine)","Author":"Egan x Corrine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12962466","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Camp Walden for Girls A/N: I was watching The Parent Trap on Netflix the other day whilst stalking Egan Ferrarduccio's Instagram as one does, when I had this splendid idea: MAKE AN EGAN X CORRINE FANFIC ABOUT IT! So here it is… *Again. And I cannot stress this out enough, if you hate Egan x Corrine and/or girlxgirl… PISS OFF! *Also I am going to be using Egan's last name for the pair (and their children) because I have no idea what Corrine's last name is. Would've been nice to know though… The buses heading for Camp Walden was filled with girls, newbies and the old ones alike. When the buses parked, all of them spilled out chattering with their new friends and going to and fro trying to look for their duffel bags or their bunkers. The camp counselor, Marvas Kulp Sr. welcomed the new members with a bull horn which she handed over to her daughter who was calling out the names of the newbies and telling them which bunker they belonged in. The scene of chaos pans out and there was a little boy surrounded by girls who were giggling. He frantically explained to a supervisor that he thought it was a boys' camp which made the girls around him giggle harder. Another counselor stood near the bus's trunks and caught the yellow duffel thrown to her. She walked towards a small heap of duffel bags and threw the yellow one she was carrying on top of it. Just then, a girl jumped up with a smile bright as sun as she saw her duffel. The girl had dark wavy hair down to her shoulders pulled into a messy ponytail and big blue green eyes that contrasted beautifully with her tan skin behind her sunglasses. \"Ok! I found my duffel!\" she exclaimed excitedly and put one hand out to grab her duffel when about ten more landed above rendering it impossible to get out. \"Now the question is… how do I get it out?\" she asked herself as she walked around the heap trying to look for a strap that would enable her to grab her duffel, putting her shades on top of her head. She saw the strap poking out and grabbed it, heaving and pulling but it just won't budge. \"Ok, I can do it,\" she cheered herself and pulled continuously, but the duffel won't budge. \"Ok, no I can't,\" she said in a cheery voice that veiled sarcasm that was dripping from the sentence. \"You must be new,\" said a knowing voice on her right and Lola glanced at the speaker. \"How can you tell?\" she snapped sarcastically, still trying to pull her duffel. \"You didn't know how to grab your duffel before the apes tossed it in the heap,\" the girl said, unaffected. She had long brown hair pulled back into different braids and rectangle glasses. \"I would say you need some help,\" the girl continued. Lola glanced at the speaker once more and gave in with a scowl. \"It's the big yellow one.\" She said and the two pulled and pulled with no luck whatsoever. Her friend breathed out loudly, dropping the strap. She leaned against the heap of luggage, looking at the dark haired girl, smiling when she noticed the sunglasses that were now on her head. \"Cool glasses,\" she said to Lola. \"Thanks, it's a going away gift from my mom,\" she acknowledged with a smile that reached her eyes, surprising considering who her mother was. A somewhat taller girl with blonde hair wearing a colorful dyed shirt went over to the side of the heap and easily pulled out her black duffel. The two girls looked at her in awe. \"Now that's my kind of woman.\" Lola remarked in astonishment but her new friend was way ahead of her. \"Yo tie-dye girl!\" she called out and the girl looked around and noticed the two waving her over; she went over to them and Lola pointed out her duffel. \"Could you give me a hand? My duffel's the yellow one buried way in there,\" she said and watched as tie-dye girl easily pulled it out of the heap. \"Wow! You're from California?\" tie-dye girl asked with awe evident in her eyes. \"You are? Do you live in Hollywood?\" the girl with the glasses asked too. \"Do you live next door to a movie star?\" \"What are you two, Lucy and Ethel?\" Lola smirked in amusement. \"I've never even been to Hollywood! I live in Napa, that's Northern California and I live next door to a vineyard,\" she explained. \"A what-yard?\" Zoey (the tie-dye girl with round glasses) said. \"A vineyard. It's where you grow grapes to make wine. That's what we do, me and my mom, we own a vineyard. What bunk are you guys in?\" she answered them. \"Arapahoe.\" Zoey and Quinn said. \"Ferrarduccio, Lola?\" announced Marvas Kulp Jr. into the bullhorn. Lola stood on a few duffels and waved her hand, \"Right here!\" she called out getting the counselor's attention. \"Arapahoe!\" she called out and the three girls high-fived and started towards their bunkers. \"So, either of you by any chance know how to play poker?\" Lola asked excitedly. \"Nah…\" answered the two in unison. \"No? Gee, what a shame. So how much cash did you guys bring with you this summer?\" she continued to ask when a Range Rover came up behind them and impatiently honked. The three girls whirled and looked at it amazed. \"Wow, who is in there?\" Lola wondered as she continued to walk away. The vehicle stopped and the back door of the Rover opened and out came a dark skinned man with dreads in his hair, wearing a navy shirt and jeans, surveying his surroundings excitedly. He held out his hand for the other occupant of the car. A young girl with long wavy dark hair in a tight side French braid and blue green eyes stepped out and adjusted her white sundress, taking in the new environment with interest. \"Well here we are! Camp Walden for girls; we traveled all the way from New York for this,\" he said with enthusiasm in his voice as he followed his goddaughter to a cemented area. \"Well it's rather picturesque, don't you think?\" she asked him with a huge smile. \"Can I stay here with you?\" He asked excitedly, as his goddaughter giggled. He smiled. \"Right, lets' review your mother's list, shall we?\" Mark said as he took out a notebook and pen from his pocket and looked at the list carefully while his goddaughter watched him amused. \"Vitamins?\" he asked. \"Check,\" she answered. \"Minerals?\" \"Check.\" \"Daily intake of fruits and vegetables?\" \"Check, check.\" Mark glanced at his goddaughter with a raised eyebrow and she giggled. \"Check for fruits, check for vegetables,\" she explained with a smile. \"Go on,\" she prompted him. \"Sunblock, lip balm, insect repellant, stationary, stamps, photograph of your mother, aunt and of course your fabulous godfather/uncle, me!\" he enumerated as the driver lined up four pieces of identical luggage beside the two. \"And of course, your \"uncle\" Matthew.\" He said with less enthusiasm as he put away his notepad and smiled at her. \"Got it all, I think,\" she giggled and Mark looked a bit flustered. \"Oh! And here's a little something from your aunt: a spanking new deck of cards! Maybe you'll find someone in this state who can flip your tush in poker,\" he said mischievously looking around as if trying to see if anyone dared. \"Well I doubt it, but thanks. Thanks for bringing me here uncle Mark,\" she said smiling. Her uncle's face suddenly became scrunched as he tried to fight back tears and he hugged his goddaughter tightly. He let go of but held on to her hands and looked her in the eyes. \"And remember, if you change your mind and want me to pick you up before the end of camp, I'm only a phone call away,\" he assured her rubbing hands comfortably. \"Thanks, but I'll be fine,\" she assured him with yet another one of her smiles, \"Really! See you in eight weeks uncle Mark!\" she assured in a fonder tone. \"Missing you already, Queen of my Heart.\" He told her and stuck out his hand. She gladly took it and shook it vigorously and the two started their secret handshake with butt bumps and shimmying. When it was over, the two really shook hands and Mark kissed his goddaughter's forehead. \"Have fun Emma!\" he whispered looking her straight in the eyes. \"I will,\" she answered with a little giggle and watched him go towards the Range Rover's door. \"Toodles!\" he uncle called out raising a hand and wiggling his fingers. \"Toodles!\" Emma answered him doing the same wave and watched him climb the vehicle which pulled away after honking. A huge smile covered her face and she squealed, twirling around in excitement.[Chapter 2] It was the evening after arriving at camp and the girls were lined up at the mess hall for dinner. The hall was decorated with pictures of past campers, the photographs as old as the 1940's. Trophies on shelves also lined the wall along with the camp flag. The girls had already changed from their casual clothes to their Camp Walden shirts and shorts. The mess hall was filled with gay chatter, laughing and a bit of shouting. The boy who mistook the camp for a boys' camp was on the phone yelling frantically for his father or mother to pick it up while the other girls giggled behind their hands. Two girls ran in and were stopped by Marvas who told them that no running was allowed. In line to get her lunch was Lola, who was on one end of the buffet table with Quinn and Zoey while Emma was on the other end with Nicole and Dana, her new friends. The two were nearing each other until the only thing that separated them was the bowl of strawberries at the very middle of the buffet table. Emma and Lola both grabbed a piece of bread and were only a foot apart when Marvas decided to fill in the empty gap with a bowl of her own. \"Excuse me girls, I've just got to have a scoop of these gorgeous strawberries. Care for some?\" she asked with a scoop of strawberries ready to fill Lola's bowl. \"I'm allergic.\" She answered with a snarl, taking Marvas by surprise then took her tray and walked off to find a table. Marvas turned to her right and indicated the same scoop to Emma. \"How about you dear, strawberries?\" she asked kindly. \"Oh I'm sorry, I wish I could but I'm allergic,\" she answered politely, unlike Lola, and Marvas just nodded her head. \"Yes dear, allergic, you told me that already.\" Marvas said and when she turned to look at Emma, she looked at the spot where Lola was before. \"How'd you get over there? Oh, well, first day of camp… you'll have to excuse the ol' lady. At least I'm not putting salt in the sugar shakers. I mean, sugar in the…\" she turned back and Emma was nowhere to be found. \"Now where did she go?\" was all the counselor could mutter. ExC It was officially the first day of camp and Lola West's first activity of the day was to go fencing. She excitedly put on her nylon jacket which was green in front, grabbed her foil and wire-mesh mask and went off to the area for fencing. Her first opponent was the lost boy whom she instantly defeated. The boy stood up and complemented her skills before walking off. \"The winner, and still undefeated champion from Napa, California, Ms. Lola West!\" Marvas Jr. announced holding up Lola's arm as the crowd of girls cheered. \"Do we have any challengers?\" she asked and just then, Emma and her friends walked by after their tennis matches, \"Oh c'mon, ladies, let's not be damsels in distress here!\" Marvas cajoled and wrote something on her clipboard. \"I'll take a whack at it!\" Emma announced smugly and Marvas smiled. Like her aunt, she was extremely competitive. \"Ok, we got ourselves a challenger,\" she said and looked at her watch as both girls got ready. Lola was giving high fives to the other girls while Emma was putting on her nylon jacket which was white in front. The two finally faced each other but their faces were hidden beneath wire-mesh masks. They walked towards each other and crossed their foils, going around until the other reached the spot where her opponent stood before. \"Ready?\" Marvas asked Lola, who swished her foil once before replying, \"Ready,\" and Emma swished hers twice before also replying with a quip, \"All set.\" \"En garde,\" said Marvas and the two raised their foils. \"Fence!\" The fencing began and it was a heated battle between the two girls. Emma moved forward prompting Lola to move farther and farther back until the two weren't on the fencing area anymore. Lola turned back and sprinted towards a tree while Emma was hot behind her; but instead of going further, she kicked the trunk which enabled her to face her opponent and Lola tried to defeat Emma by swishing her foil towards her torso but her opponent dodged it quickly, and so was the blow aimed for her head by ducking. Emma jumped and continued attacking Lola while the latter kept backing away. The two passed by a group of girls who squealed and giggled as they avoided the two fencers. Lola was able to push Emma into a wooden pole but she again dodged the foil coming towards her torso. The two continued fencing and Emma jumped over a haystack and while Lola jumped, she propped herself on her elbow and crossed one foot behind her as she lazily clashed foils with her opponent, even managing a bored yawn. This small act of complacency led Lola to disarm Emma but the girl was quick on her feet climbing the stack to catch her falling foil and jumped the attempts of Lola at her feet. \"Nice catch,\" Lola complimented her opponent when she caught her foil and continued fencing. \"Thanks!\" Emma quipped. The haystack was beside a cabin and she was on the porch of it as Emma was down below and the two fenced until Lola was able to climb the three steps and now stood on the same ground level as Emma. She continued swishing her foil and it was Emma's turn to back away, balancing herself on a long bench giving her a higher leverage. The two spun and Lola backed straight over the railing, surprising her and she raised her arms which left her open. Emma put her foot down and was able to perform a perfect balestra. As the button at the end of her foil made contact with Lola's nylon jacket, the latter fell over the railing and into a water trough. The other girls who watched the intense duel were laughing and Emma leaned over and offered her hand. \"Here, let me help you,\" she offered to Lola who took her hand. \"No, let me help you!\" she said and pulled Emma into the water trough with her. The latter landed with a splash and she looked over to Lola, annoyed. \"What did you do that for?\" she snapped angrily, trying to get up. \"Me?! You pushed me in!\" Lola retorted in anger as the two started to get up. \"I did not!\" Emma defended herself. \"Ok, that was quite a show!\" Marvas said, amusement in her voice, as she approached the two, pushing through the crowd of girls that gathered around them. \"Alright I think we got ourselves a new camp champ from New York City, Ms. Emma Ferrarduccio!\" she announced happily as the two girls took off their masks and stubbornly stood back to back. Emma smiled smugly to herself as she pulled her gloves off and put them into her mask. Her aunt would be proud. She couldn't wait to tell her. \"Now c'mon girls, shake hands,\" she coaxed but the two stubbornly refused to face each other. \"C'mon girls,\" Marvas coaxed again and the two reluctantly stood face to face. Emma and Lola were both shocked to see a reflection of the other and while Lola gasped audibly, Emma did with some discretion. Finally, Lola stuck her hand out and when Emma stuck out hers, the two gasped at the sudden jolt they felt when they held hands. Lola let go first and tried to act nonchalant by pushing her hair behind her ear, even though on the inside she was freaking out. The crowd dispersed but the twins' friends stood by their sides, staring at them in awe which made Lola rather uncomfortable. \"Why's everyone staring?\" she asked acting like nothing happened. \"Don't you see it?\" Emma said in a kind of pleading voice, desperately trying to make sense of all this. \"See what?\" \"The resemblance between us.\" \"Resemblance? Between you and me?\" Lola said with a smirk pointing at herself then at Emma who nodded her head vigorously. \"Let me see, turn sideways,\" she continued mischievously; Emma turned begrudgingly, rolling her eyes. \"Now the other way.\" Lola continued while Emma exasperatedly obeyed. \"Well your eyes are much closer together than mine, your ears… well don't worry, you'll grow into them,\" she enumerated while Zoey and Quinn giggled. \"Your teeth are a little crooked,\" she continued and Emma self-consciously felt her teeth with her tongue, \"Ugh and that nose!\" she cried, at this Emma instinctively reached out to feel if there's anything wrong with her nose. \"Well, don't worry dear, those things can be fixed,\" Lola assured her mockingly as her friends cracked up and Emma's friends scowled. \"Want me to deck her for you?\" Dana, one of Emma's friends, asked her with her fists raised ready for a fight. \"Hold on, I'm not quite finished yet,\" said Lola looking coolly at Dana, her icy blue green eyes piercing into Dana's hazel ones. \"You wanna know the real difference between us?\" she asked, turning back to who she didn't know was her sister, her eyes narrowed mischievously. \"Let me see… I know how to fence and you don't? Or… I have class and you don't. Take your pick.\" Emma retorted in a dignified manner riling Lola. \"Why I oughta…\" she said and took a menacing step towards Emma. \"Ladies, it's time to break up this little love fest!\" Marvas Jr. stood in between the girls holding out her arms to prevent further damage. As she tried to tell them off, she noticed that the two girls looked very much alike and kept mixing up their names as Lola and Emma shot daggers at each other. In the end, all Marvas Jr. could say was, \"Whoa!\" ExC ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Camp Walden for Girls A/N: I was watching The Parent Trap on Netflix the other day whils"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Fairytales Can Come True","Author":"EthelCBG","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13081563","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note Hey there :)) I'm Ethel and welcome to my first fanfiction about the Disney phenomenal film, Parent Trap. I've watched Parent Trap growing up and it honestly was one of my all-time favourite film and still is! It always made me wish that I too could have a twin xD Recently, like yesterday I rewatched the film after what seemed like a long time, perhaps about at least 10 years. I'm 17 now, so you can do the maths. I've been trying to find all the fanfictions written for this movie but only found such limited amount. I've also been searching up on the cast and everything and only came to know that the talented Natasha Richardson passed away in 2009? May she rest in peace and honestly, she really reminded me of the late Princess Diana of Wales in the movie. Seriously, why did they not make a second movie? Here is my take in what would happen right after the first movie, enjoy :)) -EthelCBG Prologue It's been a year since Nick Parker and Elizabeth James' second wedding and 8 months since Chessy and Martin's wedding. Nick, Chessy and Hallie have moved over to London to stay at Elizabeth's house. Nick still keeps his vineyard alive by hiring workers to tend to his garden when he is away as from time to time Nick still does fly back to Napa to ensure that his vineyard is still alive and well. Annie and Hallie have just graduated from elementary school and were relaxing on the couch as they were killing time during their long break. Hallie was remembering what had happened during the past two years, the most amazing years of her entire 12 years of life. Before she was sent to camp, she was just a normal girl whom lived with just her father, nanny, horses and dog. Who knew that 8 weeks could really change a person and that she would have met her twin sister, whom she never knew she even had! Although they did not start on the right foot, she was glad they put their differences aside and became quite good friends. Although the whole time while she lived with her dad and believed his 'a stork came to my door step and gave you to me' story, she still had always been wondering of what it would have been like if she was living with both her mom and dad. Chessy had always been the one person that was the closest Hallie would ever get to having a mom. She was kind, caring and always there for Hallie, but most of all, she was her best friend. Annie on the other hand was doing the exact same thing Hallie was doing, who knew twins really thought alike. Annie had always adored her little old life, she had all she ever needed, her mother, grandfather and most of all her best friend and butler, Martin whom cared for her greatly. However, she did feel that some part of her life, something was missing from it. Who knew that when her mother sent her away for 8 weeks for camp that she'd fill that empty slot. In truth, she was really glad and relieved that her and Hallie's plan to get their parents together really worked out right at the end. However, some of Meredith's words towards her privately still left a painful sting in her heart and she knew they were all lies and that her parents, sister, butler and nanny all loved her but some part of her had some doubts. After a few moments, Annie got up to go up to her room. Hallie suddenly shook herself out of her thoughts and turned towards a rather gloomy Annie. \"Annie, are you okay?\" Hallie asked her, with concern in her American accent. Annie just forced a smile and nodded. \"Don't worry, Hallie. I'll be fine, I just want to spend some time alone, if that's alright,\" Annie answered her in her British accent. Hallie just nodded, understanding Annie. Annie opened the door towards her room and ran towards her bed and curled up in bed. Elizabeth had specially renovated the bedroom so that both rooms were connected to each other. Annie and Hallie's bedrooms were connected through a special door in the middle of the wall. Annie sighed as she was all curled up in her bed. She knew she shouldn't be feeling this way at all, but she really couldn't help it as she had kept on bottling up all her hurts and pains. She just didn't want to worry, upset or trouble anyone as everyone else seemed to be all happy. Annie sobbed quietly as possible into her pillow, with the blanked covering almost all of her body. After a few moments, she took out her favourite stuffed dog that her Grandpa had given to her for her 5th birthday of which she named pupper. She curled herself into a ball and hugged pupper close to her chest and closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep so she'd forget all about the nonsense in her head. Hallie however didn't seem to mind at all Annie wanting time alone as she understood that sometimes a person just wants space to his or herself as sometimes she too likes having that to herself. She then decided to make good use of her time and so she took out her little project that she had been doing for a few weeks now. Hallie was making a drawing of her and Annie and their whole family. She continued to fill in the other details that she had not put into the picture. She glanced at the clock, it was only about 8 o'clock and everyone else was probably still asleep so she continued to draw until Martin and Cheesy came downstairs to start their duties of the day. \"Morning Hal, \"Chessy chirped as she tied her hair in a ponytail as she walked down the stairs. \"Morning Chessy, \"Hallie answered, not glancing at Chessy as she was really concentrating on her drawing. \"What's that you're working on?\" Chessy asked curiously as she stopped to look at what Hallie was drawing. \"Just a drawing, \"Hallie answered. \"Do you suppose you've seen Annie this morning?\" Martin inquired as it was quite weird for him not to see Annie downstairs along with her twin. At the exact second those words were uttered out of Martin's mouth, Hallie immediately put down her pencil and looked up at Martin, staring into his eyes. \"She actually went back up, she said she wanted some time alone but she sounded quite down actually, I don't know if it's just her morning moods or something else, \"Hallie replied. Martin nodded. \"Thank you, I'll go up and check on her, \"Martin said as he walked upstairs towards Annie's room. As Martin arrived in front of Annie's room, he knocked softly and waited for an answer. He had waited for a good 5 to 10 minutes and there still was no answer, so he said softly at the door, \"Annie, it's me, Martin, \". However, there was still no response and so he opened the door quietly and carefully. He walked into the room to discover and sleeping Annie all curled up in bed under her blanket. Martin chuckled softly as he sat at the edge of her bed and glanced at her as she peacefully slept. However, he had noticed that something was not right with Annie. He noticed how her eyes were wet and there was slight redness around her eyes, as if she had been crying all night. He decided that he would ask her about it later when she woke up and walked out of the room to do his morning duties. It was 9 o'clock and Elizabeth James had just woken up from her terribly wonderful slumber. She looked beside her in bed was her handsome and dashing husband, Nick Parker smiling in his sleep. She chuckled softly and quietly and slowly got out of bed, careful not to wake her husband up. She then started to get ready and changed into a simple white casual dress which had diamonds around the neckline, she then put on some light make up, brushed her lovely short blond locks and sprayed some perfume on herself and then was ready to start the day. She walked out of her master bedroom and decided to check on her daughter, Annie as her bedroom was right next to Annie's. Annie had gotten up about 15 minutes ago and all the emotions and feelings came back to her and so she was sniffling and trying to stop crying as she was wiping her tears away. She was afraid of how her mother would react when she walked in to her looking like that. She hid under her sheets and hoping her mother would think she was sleeping and leave her to sleep, however she knew that wouldn't be the case as her mother usually woke her up around 9 o'clock. All her predictions came true when she heard her mother walk into her room. She smiled when she saw Annie snuggled up under her sheets. She then sat on the edge of her bed and softly patted Annie. \"Annie, \"She called in her soft and motherly voice. Annie ignored her and tried to hide away the sniffling noises. \"Time to wake up, darling, \"Elizabeth continued. She then laughed as she pulled up the sheets. However, she gasped as she noticed how wet Annie's pillow was. \"What's the matter, Annie?\" Elizabeth asked her daughter, with concern as she pulled the sniffling red head into her lap, not caring that her snort would get onto her clothes. \"I-I-It's n-nothing mother, \"Annie quickly hid her face by burying her face into her mother's chest. \"Oh darling…\" Elizabeth soothed her daughter as she rubbed her back while Annie cried her lungs out into her chest. \"What's the matter, darling?\" Elizabeth asked worriedly as she sat Annie upright opposite her on her bed. \"I-I'm sorry, mother. I promised myself I wouldn't worry anyone, \"Annie sniffled in her rather outstanding British accent. \"Sweetheart, if you don't tell me, I won't stop worrying,\" Elizabeth told her rather red nosed daughter. \"It's a long story…\" Annie replied. \"Well, we've got quite a lot of time to ourselves, \"Elizabeth chuckled softly. So, Annie knew that there was no way her mother and caretaker of 12 years would let go of her little emotional scene so she sighed and told her mother exactly what happened and how she was feeling about everything as well as her not wanting to tell anyone because she did not want to worry or bother anyone. Elizabeth sighed sadly as she heard her daughter's tragic and heart-breaking story. Her heart broke upon hearing how her daughter had been feeling for the past year. Elizabeth immediately pulled Annie in for a warm hug. \"Oh, Annie. I'm so sorry you had to go through all that, but just remember I'm always going to be here and always will be, okay darling?\" Elizabeth looked down at her daughter, smiling. \"I'm sorry, mother. \"Annie sniffled, trying her best to look strong for her mother. \"Oh, Ann. You know you don't have to be strong or brave in front of me, \"Elizabeth smiled as she cuddled Annie closely to her. \"I'm sorry. I promise I won't anymore. It's just you were happy with father, Hallie and everything, so I did not want to ruin the moment, \"Annie explained. Elizabeth paused for a moment, she then realized Annie had been left in the background for some time as she had not spent much time with her anymore since remarrying. She regretted her actions and felt terrible about it. She then decided she would set aside time for her daughter this week and from now on. \"Oh darling, I'm sorry I haven't been a good mother to you these recent years, \"Elizabeth started. \"Mother, that's not true!\" Annie argued. \"It is, but tell you what, after I FedEx a design off to Paris, why not you and I grab some lunch and get lost in Harrods hmm?\" Elizabeth asked her daughter, as she never managed to do those activities with her daughter the last time round. \"I'd love to, mother.\" Annie smiled. Elizabeth sighed while smiling. Oh, how she loved her daughter. She missed being able to spend quality time with her daughter. \"Okay, why not we get you ready for the day, hmm?\" Elizabeth chuckled softly, seeing that Annie was still in her sleepwear and that her eyes were wet from tears. \"Oh, right. \"Annie giggled. Elizabeth smiled as she loved hearing her daughter's laugh and it just warms her heart every single time. \"Come on, darling. I'll help you get ready, \"Elizabeth said as she carried Annie out of her bed and placed her gently on the floor. \"Oh, mother you really don't have to, \"Annie protested as she really did not want to bother her mother further but in truth she really did like the idea as usually Martin was the one whom helped her get ready as her mother was always busy designing. \"I insist, darling.\" Elizabeth chuckled. \"Why? You think your mother can't handle helping you get ready?\" Elizabeth teased as she squeezed her daughter's nose, causing her to giggle. \"Oh, not at all, \"Annie exclaimed. \"Come on, then, \"Elizabeth instructed as she and Annie headed towards Annie's lovely luxury bedroom. Elizabeth helped Annie out of her sleepwear and slipped the sleepwear off her small slim but freckled body. She then took out a cloth and switched on the tap and put the cloth under the running water. After that, she wiped Annie's face which were all wet from tears and then gave her a tissue so she could blow her nose so all her snort could come out and that she could breathe easily again. Annie obeyed and rather enjoyed her mother's soft gentle hands wiping her face. Then, Elizabeth switched on the bathtub tap so that the bathtub could be filled. When it was half full, Annie jumped in which caused some water to splash her. \"Oops, sorry mother!\" Annie apologized. \"It's quite alright, darling, \"Elizabeth laughed as she dried herself with a towel. Elizabeth then proceeded to wash Annie's body with soap and then when she had finished she rinsed it off and wrapped her in a towel. \"Thanks, mother, \"Annie giggled. \"Anytime, sweetheart, \"Elizabeth smiled. \"Now, what outfit should we wear today?\" \"Hmmm… I'm going to wear the white summer dress you bought for me back in Paris when we went for the Paris Fashion Week, \"Annie replied as she pulled out the dress out of her closet and slipped in on along with her undergarments. \"You look beautiful, darling, \"Elizabeth praised in awe of her daughter. Annie giggled and thanked her mom. Elizabeth then took her brush and undid Annie's bun and started combing her lovely wavy red hair. Once she was done, Elizabeth smiled and put back the brush where she found it from. \"There, all done. And my beautiful little girl, \"Elizabeth chuckled as she put on hand on Annie's shoulder as she looked into the mirror in front of them. \"Let's go then, mother!\" Annie exclaimed excitedly as she held her mother's hand. Elizabeth smiled at her daughter's enthusiasm and followed behind the excited little girl. As they reach downstairs, only Chessy and Martin were downstairs as they were putting away the dishes. \"Good morning, Martin,\" Annie greeted her best friend. \"Are you feeling better, Annie?\" Martin looked at her worriedly. \"She's feeling better, don't worry about it Martin, \"Elizabeth assured him. \"Where are you two off to today?\" Chessy asked. \"We're off to FedEx a design to Paris, then we're going to have some lunch and walk around Harrods, \"Elizabeth explained to the couple. \"I see, have fun, you two, \"Chessy chuckled softly next to Martin. \"Have fun, old bean, \"Martin smiled at his best friend. \"Thanks, I will, \"Annie smiled back. \"Why don't you tell grandfather where we're headed to while I have a cup of tea?\" Elizabeth asked as Martin nodded and walked towards the kitchen to make Elizabeth a cup of English Breakfast tea. Annie nodded in obedience as she headed towards her grandfather's study. \"Grandfather?\" Annie called out as she entered the room. Charles put down his newspaper and saw his favourite granddaughter standing in front of his desk. \"Why hello there, stranger, \"Charles chuckled softly. \"Hello, grandfather. Mother and I are off to FedEx a design to Paris and then we're going to Harrods for lunch and spending the day there, \"Annie told her grandfather. \"Sounds like fun, sweet pea. You have fun with your mother, alright?\" Charles smiles. \"I will, grandfather. Do you need me to get you anything?\" Annie asked as she always made sure to check if her grandfather wanted anything. \"No thank you, sweetheart. But here, take some money and spend it on behalf of me, won't you?\" Charles winked as he handed her three hundred pounds. \"But grandfather- \"Annie argued. \"Just use it, don't worry about me. I've got plenty from my job, \"Charles assured her. Finally, Annie agreed and took the money and put it inside her purse which was inside her sling bag. Soon enough, Annie and her mother, Elizabeth were on their way to FedEx Elizabeth's design. A/N: Okay, I'm going to end the chapter here. What do you think about it so far? Honestly, I've loved Annie and Elizabeth. Do drop a comment :)) Let me know what you think will happen next ;))[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Hey guys, it's me :)) I'm SO SORRY I haven't updated in ages, I've been super busy with college, exams, assignments and graduation. But I'm finally back and free now because I don't start university till early March and orientation starts on end feb, so I can update more often now (hopefully). Also, thank you to & isles15 for the lovely reviews, honestly didn't expect anyone to read it xD I've been trying to reply back to the reviews but couldn't figure out how, so this is how I shall reply to them. Anywayyyy, on to the story! -EthelCBG Chapter 1 Annie and Elizabeth finally arrived at the FedEx shop, they quickly hopped off the taxi as Elizabeth handed the taxi driver the fare. Elizabeth held Annie's hand as they crossed the road to get to the shop. Finally, they had arrived at the store. Elizabeth opened the door to the store and the bell above the door rang as she walked in along with Annie following along behind her. A lady, whom had fair skin, sky blue eyes and wavy light chestnut hair was sitting at the counter. Immediately, when she heard the bell, her head shot up and she smiled as she saw Elizabeth walking towards the counter. \"Elizabeth! What a good surprise, what can I do for you today? \"The lady exclaimed cheerfully. Elizabeth smiled as she saw the lady. \"Hello, Julie! It's great to see you too, I've actually come here to FedEx this drawing to Paris,\" Elizabeth replied as she took out the envelope that contained her sketch from her bag. \"Of course, just fill in these forms and I'll do the rest, \"Julie replied as she handed Elizabeth some forms along with a pen. \"Thank you, Julie, \"Elizabeth thanked as she started filling out everything. Annie was standing quietly next to her mother as she was filling up the forms. Julie peeked down from her desk to see Annie waiting patiently for her mother. \"My, your daughter has certainly grown from the last time I've seen her, Elizabeth, \"Julie commented, chuckling as Elizabeth was gathering all the forms together and walking back towards Julie. Elizabeth chuckled softly. \"I agree, Julie. My, how time flies. She was about 4 when I brought her here last time and now, she's already 12, \"Elizabeth replied as she handed the forms back to Julie. \"Children grow up really quick, my son's already going off to college soon, \"Julie said, with a sense of sadness as she took the forms from Elizabeth as well as her envelope with her sketch. Elizabeth nodded in understanding to what Julie must be feeling right now. \"Look at it this way, he'll only be gone for a while. Besides, he could come back during the holidays or the weekends, and soon enough he'll be able to come back and look after you, \"Elizabeth reassured her, trying her best to cheer her up. \"You're right, Elizabeth. Thank you so much, \"Julie smiled as she wrote on the forms and gave the forms and the envelope to the nearby worker and told him to put it in the Paris box. \"Anytime, old friend, \"Elizabeth smiled. \"Now, that will be fifteen pounds, \"Julie informed as Elizabeth dug through her bag for her purse and handed Julie a ten-pound bill as well as a five pound bill. \"Thanks, a lot Julie, I'll see you soon, \"Elizabeth thanked her as she and Annie started to head out. \"Goodbye, Miss Julie, \"Annie called out on the way out. Soon enough, by the time Elizabeth had finished it was already about 11am. \"Okay, now that's done. I'm sorry I took so long and kept you waiting, darling, \"Elizabeth apologised to Annie. Annie just smiled and held on to her mother's hand. \"It's alright, mother. I really didn't mind at all, \"Annie told her. \"Okay, now let's go to Harrods, \"Elizabeth said as she called for a taxi and soon enough a taxi arrived, and both Elizabeth and Annie got on. After about 15 minutes, they arrived at their destination. Elizabeth thanked the taxi driver and gave him the money before getting off along with Annie. \"Okay, \"Elizabeth sighed as she put her hands on her hips with Annie by her side. \"Wow, I've never been this part of London before, \"Annie breathed out as she took a glimpse of her surroundings. Elizabeth smiled as she watched her daughter take in the scenery around her. \"It is quite a sight, isn't it? Now, what would you like to have for lunch, hmmm?\" Elizabeth asked softly. Annie turned her head towards her mother and looked at her, thinking about the question. \"I'm alright with anything, really, mother. We can eat whatever you feel like eating, \"Annie smiled. Elizabeth always knew that her daughter was ever so thoughtful and humble towards others and which meant putting others first before herself. She honestly was grateful that Annie turned out to be a well-mannered, humbled and sweet girl, unlike some of the kids in London who turned out to be proud, ill-mannered spoilt brats. \"Okay then, I'll take you to one of my favourite restaurants, \"Elizabeth replied as she suddenly had an idea of where to go for lunch. The two mother-daughter duo walked around the city until they reached a beautifully furnished restaurant which you could instantly tell that it was expensive and posh. They reached in front of a restaurant by the name of 'Nightingale'. The restaurant had lots of exuberant and vibrant colours. Its windows were all glass stained and the door was made of carved wood and polished. The signage also had sparkling pearls surrounding it, inside the restaurant you could see that the tables were made of marble and the chairs were made of soft wool. As Annie saw the restaurant, she was in awe. \"Wow, mother. This place looks so amazing, how'd you find it?\" Annie asked curiously. Elizabeth chuckled softly at her daughter's curiosity. \"Wait until you see what they serve on the menu, I've heard that they serve one of the best sticky toffee pudding and trifle, \"Elizabeth grinned. \"No way! Even better than Martin's? \"Annie exclaimed. \"There's only one way to find, my darling, \"Elizabeth laughed at her daughter's astonishment. Annie just nodded after hearing her mother's response. The two of them walked towards the door, where a waiter was standing waiting to bring customers to their seats. \"Hello, table for two thank you, \"Elizabeth told the waiter, smiling. \"Of course, Miss James. Follow me, \"The waiter replied as he opened the door and brought the two of them towards a table for two somewhere along the centre of the room. Elizabeth and Annie then got seated and looked through the menu. \"Everything looks so good here, how will I ever choose?\" Annie complained, which earned a chuckle and giggle from the waiter and her mother. \"Just choose whatever you feel like having, ok?\" Elizabeth reassured her daughter, smiling. \"Okay, so I'll have a chef's special steak, along with a glass of champagne, thank you, \"Elizabeth told the waiter whom was waiting for their orders. The waiter nodded as he began to scribble down the orders on a notepad with his pencil. He then turned towards Annie and arched his brow. \"Um, I think I'll have the lamb shank with roasted potatoes and orange juice, thank you, \"Annie quickly replied as she did not want to annoy the waiter for waiting so long. The waiter then nodded as he continued to write down the orders on his notepad. \"Anything else, Miss James?\" The waiter asked Elizabeth. \"Oh yes, one sticky toffee pudding and mango trifle, thank you, \"Elizabeth replied. The waiter again nodded and then recited all the orders he had written down and when Elizabeth had given him a nod of approval, he then turned towards the kitchen to give the cooks the orders. \"Wow, mother. You really didn't have to bring me to such an expensive and posh restaurant, you know? I'd really have been fine with a normal café, \"Annie told her mother, full of gratefulness. Elizabeth smiled at her daughter's words. \"I know, darling. But I wanted to treat you to something nice, you've been through a lot these recent years. You've incredibly strong and I'm so sorry that I haven't been a great mother at all these years, \"Elizabeth explained softly as her voice cracked and was almost at the verge of crying, which was very rare for Elizabeth or British people at all. \"Mother…\" Annie immediately got up from her seat and rushed to her mother's side and gave her a big hug, one of the thigs that Elizabeth certainly enjoyed. Elizabeth smiled as she felt two slightly smaller arms wrap around her. \"It's not true at all, mother. You've been an excellent and if I may say so myself, the best mother a girl could ever ask for. I really was fine all this while, well except maybe emotionally. You've been an amazing mother, you've looked after me ever since I was born. You made sure I had food to eat and water to drink, a bed to sleep, a good education. Besides, even when you had work overseas you would call every night to read a story to me and made sure that I was alright. You were always there for me, mother. Especially, when I needed you the most when I first started primary school. I love you, mother. That is something that will never change, I promise. \"Annie told Elizabeth, smiling as she spoke. After hearing what Annie had to tell her, Elizabeth was already in tears. She was sniffling, her eyes were red and wet from the tears; but she had huge wide smile plastered upon her face. \"Oh darling, come here you, \"Elizabeth chuckled as she opened her arms for Annie and then she embraced her tightly. Annie giggled as her mother hugged her tightly. \"I love you, so much. \"Elizabeth whispered into her ear. \"I love you more, \"Annie argued. \"I love you the most, \"Elizabeth chuckled, ending their little argument. After awhile, the two of them broke their embrace. \"Now Annie, I want you to make a promise for me, \"Elizabeth said, looking at Annie with a serious look upon her face. Annie nodded. \"Of course, mother. Anything for you, what is it?\" Annie replied, slightly worried to what her mother wanted her to promise her that caused her to look so serious which rarely ever happened. \"That you'll always come to me if ever you feel down or if something happened, okay? I'm always going to be here for you, darling. I also promise that we'll arrange mother-daughter dates at least once a week, okay?\" Elizabeth explained, smiling again once she shook off her daughter's worried look. \"I promise. Thank you, mother. \"Annie smiled. Finally, after what seemed forever, their food arrived. The waiter served them their dishes, along with their drinks. Annie excitedly began to cut her steak and then popped a piece into her mouth, devouring it. \"The food here is amazing, mother. Thank you so much for taking me here, \"Annie gratefully thanked her. \"You're very welcome, darling, \"Elizabeth smiled. A/N: Welllll, we're gonna stop this chapter here. Hope you liked this chapter, do let me know what you'd like to see happen in the next few chapters. ","Summary":" Author's Note Hey there :)) I'm Ethel and welcome to my first fanfiction about the Disney phenomena"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Never Let You Go","Author":"rebecca-in-blue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6445248","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Five minutes after her mother and sister pull out of the driveway, Hallie is lying on her bed, hugging Cuppy tightly, not bothering to wipe away the tears slipping down her cheeks. Chessy comes in and sits on the edge of her bed and asks gently, \"Honey, do you want to talk?\" But Hallie just shakes her head. She knows that once, not long ago, talking to Chessy about her problems would have been good enough for her. After all, for most of her life, Chessy was the closest thing she had to a mother. But now, everything is different. Now Hallie knows that she has a real mother – her very own warm, wonderful, caring mother. After years of dreaming, wondering, and imagining what her mother would be like, she actually met her face-to-face. Spoken to her. Thrown her arms around her like she would never let go. How can she possibly go back to life without her? The life she led for so long seems empty to her now. She hasn't been living with Dad and Chessy and Sammy anymore. She's been living without Mom and Annie and Grandpa and Martin. It's enough to make her wish she had never gone to camp, never found Annie, never even gone to London and met her mother. Because if those things had never happened, she wouldn't be hurting so much now. Hallie sniffles and lets out a hiccuping sob. A few more tears slide down and drop onto her pillowcase. It's all my fault, she thinks bitterly, because it was all my idea. She remembers that night in camp when she sat straight up in bed, giddy and flushed with excitement at the thought of switching places with Annie. My brilliant beyond brilliant idea . -x- Ten minutes after his ex-wife and daughter pull out of the driveway, Nick is rummaging around in his wine cellar. He has no idea what he's doing or why he's doing it as he yanks bottles off shelves, reads their labels in the dim light, and shoves them back in a different order. He just knows that he has to stay busy, that he'll do anything to avoid thinking about what just happened. After years of missing Lizzie, years of not knowing Annie, he came that close to getting them back – only to lose them. Again. Nick's so preoccupied that he doesn't notice Hallie coming down the stairs. She's looking for him – He's the one person in the world who must feel as bummed-out as I do right now, she thinks – and she knew that he would be down here, but she's surprised by the loud noises of clinking glass. She's never heard her dad handle the wine bottles roughly. He's usually so gentle with them. As Hallie crosses the floor, Nick doesn't even notice her until she's standing right next to him. \"Hey, Hal,\" he says softly, turning to look at her. At the sight of her tear-stained face, he feels a rush of guilt – This is all my fault, he thinks bitterly – and a desperate urge to cheer her up. So he tousles her red hair and says, \"You know, kiddo, when your eyes and nose get red, makes it seem like you're red all over.\" Nick chuckles without smiling and watches Hallie hopefully for her reaction. But even for her dad's sake, Hallie can't pretend to be cheered up. Her expression remains mournful, and looking at her, the thought suddenly slams into Nick like a wall: My jokes aren't good enough for her anymore , he realizes. Life with me will never be good enough for her again. She needs her mother. And her sister. And her grandfather. And just as suddenly, the idea appears in his mind, already perfectly planned, fully thought-out. Electrified, Nick grabs Hallie by the shoulders, which startles her, but he's so flushed with excitement that he doesn't notice. \"Hal!\" he cries, and she stares at him in confusion, blinking her teary eyes. \"What the heck are doing , Hal? Look at us! We're just standing here feeling sorry for ourselves, and we're letting – them – get – away!\" \"You mean...\" \"Yes, exactly!\" Nick cries, interrupting her. He lets go of her shoulders and begins to quickly pace the floor of the wine cellar, thinking out loud. \"This is exactly what she did eleven years ago.\" Nick feels guilty again as he realizes what he's just said. It sounds like an accusation, so he quickly goes on, \"It was all my fault. I let her go, don't you see? That's what she said.\" He briefly stops pacing to point at Hallie, standing against one wall of the wine cellar. \"Right there ! Lizzie was standing right there, and she said, 'Nick, you didn't come after me.' Okay... Okay, so I didn't go after her the first time. Nothing to do about that. I didn't know she wanted me to, but now... now I do. Don't you see, Hal?\" \"So...\" Hallie answers slowly, not daring to believe what he's saying, because it sounds too good to be true. \"So, you're going after her?\" \"Yes. Yes, I'm going after her.\" Hallie starts to let out a squeal of excitement, but then Nick cries, \"No!\" and her heart drops into her shoes. \"No, wait, correction. No, I'm not going after her. We're going after them . We're not letting them get away! Come on, Hal, get packed!\" Hallie's spirits rise again, but so many up-and-down emotions have almost left her speechless. \"Packed? To go to the airport?\" she gasps breathlessly. \"No, no, not the airport!\" Nick waves his hand impatiently. He turns and flies up the stairs, two steps at a time. \"We're going to London! You go get packed. Your Aunt Kate has a friend who works at the airport. I'll give her a call right now and book us a flight.\" \"Dad?\" Hallie calls, rushing after him. Nick pauses briefly to look back at her, and they smile at each other as she says, \"Dad, this is a brilliant beyond brilliant idea.\" -x- Fifteen minutes after Ms. James and Annie pull out of the driveway, Chessy is watching in wonder as Nick and Hallie tear through the house in a flurry of packing and preparation. Hallie is running up and down the stairs, throwing passports and pairs of socks into the duffel bag she took to camp. Nick, meanwhile, is talking a mile a minute on both his cell phone and the house line, asking about flight departures and time differences and the pound-to-dollar exchange rate. Their excitement has spread to Sammy, who runs back and forth between them, barking and wagging his tail. Chessy tries to make herself heard over the madness. \"Look, I'm just not sure this is a good idea,\" she says for the second time. Hallie looks up from where she's just shoved several pairs of underwear, a baseball cap, and a shampoo bottle into her duffel. She's so frenzied with joy that she's hardly aware of what she's packing anymore. \"Chessy,\" she says reproachfully, \"I can't believe you don't want us to go. Whose side are you on?\" Chessy sighs. \"This isn't allowed the plane, honey,\" she says as she takes the shampoo bottle out of Hallie's duffel. \"And this isn't about sides, okay? It's not that I don't want you to go. It's just that it was your mom's decision to go back to London, and as a woman, I don't think...\" But before Chessy can go on, she's interrupted by Nick, who's hurriedly writing something down on a notepad but pauses to look straight at her. He's hung up the house phone and switched his cell to his other ear. \"Chessy,\" he says, in the most serious voice Hallie's ever heard, \"do not try to stop us. Hal and I are going to do this. We are going after Lizzie and Annie. We're not letting them go. Not again.\" Listening to him, Hallie brings her hands up to chest, because her heart is beating so hard she thinks it might burst right out of her. As devastated as she felt a few minutes ago, that's how breathlessly excited she feels now. \"And if you let us go,\" Nick adds slyly, \"we'll bring you back Martin.\" Chessy's mood changes immediately. She turns on the spot and runs full-speed for the kitchen. \"I'm going to make you some lunches to eat on the plane!\" she calls over her shoulder. \"Airline food is terrible, you know!\" -x- Ninety minutes after Elizabeth and Annie pull out of the driveway, Nick and Hallie are in the air on a Concord plane bound for London. Hallie has the window seat, and she looks out at the sunlit clouds but doesn't see them. She's too busy imagining the looks on her mom and Annie's faces when they see them in London. Stay tuned for Chapter 2![Chapter 2] I meant to update this sooner, but real-life has been hectic lately! Chapter 2 Even Hallie's first trip to London – when she was about to meet her mother for the first time, pretending to be Annie – wasn't this nerve-wracking. Her dad says the Concord is twice as fast as other lines, but the flight still seems painfully long to Hallie. There's plenty of time to wonder what might go wrong with her dad's plan. Suppose it doesn't work? Suppose Mom and Dad still don't end up together? Suppose... Her stomach clenches in knots that have nothing to do with the flight turbulence or the disgusting airline food. But at least this time, she isn't flying alone. Hallie and her dad don't talk much, with both of them so preoccupied, but whenever the suppose 's start to overwhelm her, she squeezes his hand and feels better. Between her excitement, her worries, and the cramped seating in coach, Hallie hadn't expected to sleep on the plane, but she manages to catch a little nap when her dad reminds that she doesn't want to have bags under her eyes when she saw her mom and Annie. She's still a bit groggy when she wakes up for the landing, and the train ride from Heathrow to King's Cross goes by in a blur. Nick stops at King's Cross long enough to buy an umbrella for the rain and scones and juice for both of them. Hallie isn't hungry, but she only picked at Chessy's sandwiches on the plane, and Nick insists that she eat something. So they gulp down nervous bites on a bench near a window, watching the commuters hurry by in their long, dark coats as a steady drizzle falls from the washed-out gray sky. \"You know,\" says Nick, turning his scone over in his hands, \"we really should be eating English muffins. Of course, they just call them muffins here.\" Hallie laughs. \"They call them breakfast muffins, Dad. I had some while I was here pretending to be Annie.\" She takes another bite of her scone; it's warm and buttery, and she realizes just how hungry she really is. She's glad her dad made her eat something. She still doesn't know quite what to expect of their reunion with Mom and Annie, but it wouldn't be good if she fainted with hunger the middle of it. \"Thanks for letting me come with you, Dad,\" she adds. Nick flashes her his trademark dimpled grin. \"Well, of course I let you come, Hal. You're the only one of us who knows how to get to your mom's house from here!\" Hallie smiles. She relaxes at the thought of seeing Grandpa again. Before Mom and Annie arrive, they might even have time to – She stops the thought. Something seems off in their plan. Grandpa... \"Oh, my gosh!\" she cries, leaping off the bench. \"Dad, we forgot to call Grandpa! He doesn't even know we're coming! What if he's not home, and we can't get in?\" Suddenly, she's worried all over again. Nick gets up too, grabs Hallie's hand, and they start for the exit. \"It's okay, Hal,\" he says, as they make their way through the crowds. \"Look how far we've come already. Don't worry.\" But his brow furrows, and Hallie notices him tapping his fingers nervously on his thigh during the taxi ride to her mom's house. Their fears seem confirmed when they arrive at the James residence and get no answer to their frantic knocking. Hallie wants to kick herself for not calling Grandpa. They had called Cheesy from the airport before they left California and told her to call Martin – he'd given Chessy his cell number – and tell him to do anything that he could to slow down Elizabeth and Annie. Hallie knows her dad had wanted to be waiting inside their house when they got home. It won't make nearly as much of an impression if Mom and Annie find them huddled on the doorstep in the rain, their clothes wet from the rain and wrinkled from the long flight. Hallie kneels down and peers through the mail slot in the door. The front hallway and staircase look exactly as she remembers – peach-colored walls and thick, cream-colored carpet – but there's no sign of her grandfather anywhere. \"Oh, wait, I just remembered something!\" she cries, jumping to her feet. She spins around to survey the small yard. \"Annie told me there was a spare key hidden... Oh man, where did she say it was again?\" Nick and Hallie are on their hands and knees in the rain, lifting up the bricks that border the walkway in search of the spare key, when the front door swings open. Hallie lifts her head and sees her grandfather standing there. He looks confused, and Hallie wonders if their knocking woke him up – What time is it here again? – or if he's just surprised to see the two of them crawling around his front yard when they're supposed to be on the other side of the world. \"What...\" he starts to ask, but that's as far as he gets before Nick and Hallie are both throwing themselves at him, each talking a mile a minute in their relief to see him. He makes out \"Grandpa, it's me, Hallie!\" and \"Mr. James, I know we haven't seen each other in years but I hope...\" and \"...after Mom and Annie, because Dad said we couldn't let them go again!\" Ten minutes later, they're in the kitchen, Nick and Hallie standing in front of the stove to dry off, as Mr. James heats a kettle of tea. He says very little as they explain again – slowly and coherently this time – why they've come and how they got here. Hallie attributes his silence to surprise, but she can't help noticing her grandfather's brow furrow, like he doesn't approve of their plan. She's confused. Grandpa was the one who lent her and Annie the money to make dinner reservations on the ship. First Chessy didn't want them to go, and now Grandpa isn't happy that they're here? Finally, Mr. James pours a cup of camomile tea, looks hard at Nick over his teacup, and says slowly, \"Nick... the last time you and Lizzie were together... you quite broke her heart.\" His words are like a slap in the face, but Nick forces himself not to wince at them. They're no less than he deserves, and he has to act like a man if he wants to convince Mr. James he deserves a second chance with his daughter. He puts a hand on Hallie's shoulder, to stop her from leaping to his defense. \"The last time Lizzie and I were together, sir,\" he answers, choosing his words carefully, \"I made a lot of stupid mistakes. I'm just sorry it took me eleven years to realize that. Last time we were together... I let her go. That was stupid of me, and that's why I'm here now.\" Mr. James nods, apparently satisfied with this answer, and puts down his teacup. \"Come with me,\" he says, motioning for them to follow as he heads down the hall to study. \"There's something I want to show you two.\" Once in his study, he picks up a large picture frame sitting on his desk and holds it out – not to Nick, but to Hallie. As he leans forward to look it, Hallie feels the same flutter of excitement that she did when she and Annie held up their two halves of the picture of their parents' wedding day – like a puzzle piece she's been missing her whole life is about to drop into place. And that's just how it feels as she gazes at the photo of a pretty, smiling young woman with '50s-style dress and hair. Even with the old-fashioned sepia tones, Hallie can tell that the woman's hair is red, and she brings one hand to her shoulder to stroke her own hair. All her life, she's wondered where her red hair came from, since her dad has brown hair and she always knew from her half-torn photograph that her mom is blonde. But now she knows. There it is, her own red hair – the exact same shade – framing this young woman's face as she smiles up at Hallie. \"Hallie,\" her grandpa says, smiling, \"this was your grandmother, dear. Her name was Anna. Your sister is named for her.\" Hallie tears her eyes away from the photo long enough to look up at her dad with a question in her eyes that she doesn't have to ask. Nick gives his head a slight shake. \"No,\" he tells her, \"I never knew her. I always wished I had, though.\" Mr. James sighs, and in it, they hear a grief that's still raw some twenty years later. \"We lost her a long time ago,\" he says, turning the photo back to himself and gazing down at it. \"Lizzie was just a teenager when it happened.\" He looks up at Nick then, and even though his eyes seem bright with tears, he smiles. \"Nick... some men never get a second chance to be with the woman they love. I hope you won't forget that.\" And even though Nick is suddenly misty-eyed too, he smiles back at him. \"Sir... I mean, Mr. James... I mean, Charles... that's the best advice I've ever gotten.\" THE END I hope you enjoyed it! Thank you all for your sweet reviews! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Five minutes after her mother and sister pull out of the driveway, Hallie is lying on her"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Hallie's Holiday","Author":"RockingMySocksOff88","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7449129","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Parent trap-what if the twins hadn't met at summer camp, but in Annie's hometown of London instead, when a chance meeting leads to a whole new world for the girls... Chapter 1: hallie's pov \"Dad, hurry up, we're going to miss our flight if you aren't careful!\" shouted a flustered Hallie Parker. It had been two months since her dad Nick had gone out to the travel agents after Hallie complained that she was too old for their before-school annual camping trip, and booked a weeks holiday in London, England. She sighed, London, how boring, she had imagined Paris or Hawaii., but at least it was better than the lake that they had visited camping for as long as she could remember. \"Sorry Hal, the queue in that shop took forever! But just look at these sunglasses, Chessie will love them!\" Hallie sighed, they hadn't even left the country yet and already Nick Parker was acting like a over exited tourist, buying gifts for absolutely everyone. Walking back towards the departure lounge in the increasingly busy airport, they passed a poster which caught Hallie's attention. It said: TwentyTwenty Small Talk 2nd May 2011 with an image of the band underneath. She squealed, they were her favourite new band, and this album looked great. It contained all their hit singles, as well as some new tracks she was itching to hear, and here was only a few weeks to wait until it was released. She laughed as she remembered explaining to her friend Alison about the album, and why it was so important to be at the record store as soon as it opened that monday morning. Alison didn't see the point, she was more of a classical/opera fan and told Hallie that she would rather eat a bucket of worms covered in her great-aunts dribble before she would get up at 6am to queue in the cold with her for an album that didn't involve a full harmonic orchestra. Suddenly a huge cheer interrupted her thoughts. Hallie turned her head in surprise. People were running towards the departures lounge in a huge flurry. Hallie turned to her dad with a shocked look on her face. \"what's going on\" she gulped \"not sure, hey here's an idea, let's go find out\" Nick looked at her with his huge grin, and they ran as fast as they could into the crowd. Elbowing her way through the mass of people, Hallie Parker could see that this was no ordinary airport gathering, something exciting was happening. Hallie reached the front of the roaring crowd, and shouted to the man next to her, \"what's happening here? Why is everyone cheering?\" \"Haven't you heard\" exclaimed the man \"apparently Rihanna's flight got redirected and has landed here!\" Well that certainly explained the fuss. She grinned, wow, this holiday might turn out better than she thought! A gigantic roar rippled across the crowd, as big, burly bodyguards dressed in black pushed a pathway through them. Hallie drew a deep breath, as the crazed fans pushed her into the posse. As soon as it had started, everything was quiet again. The crowds had disappeared and people were settling down in the airport lounge. 'That was so weird' Hallie thought, looking round the once busy room. She took a moment to settle herself, and went to find her father. Over the tannoy Hallie heard a flight being announced. Nick shouted over to her \"c'mon Hal, that's us!\" Hallie squealed excitedly, and skipped over to Nick who was already lined up in the long queue for their flight. Well thats my first ever chapter done guys! Please make it all worthwhile by reviewing it and sharing with me some of your experienced tips..x Chapter two will be coming soon[Chapter 2] Her eyes flicked open to the familiar sound of the alarm clock going off by her bedside. Annie James reached out of the warm comfort of her duvet to turn it off, it was the first day of the summer holidays, she deserved to rest! Her mind drifted back to the previous days events. It had been her last day of the year at school and things had been great. Lessons has been canceled in favour of a school wide sports day, followed by an end of year awards ceremony. Annie grinned, remembering the way she had triumphed over Millicent Jones in the fencing competition to win top prize, which coincidentally had been a renewed spot on the fencing team for next year, meaning she could skip the gruelling try out process. Not that it mattered to Annie, she could easily beat anyone at St. Augustenes blindfolded. Sighing, she turned her head to the trophy in the cabinet. She would miss the team, and all her friends, over the summer. Annie wasn't exactly a popular girl, but having a famous mother certainly helped! ","Summary":" Parent trap-what if the twins hadn't met at summer camp, but in Annie's hometown of London instead,"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"What is the meaning of Love?","Author":"Thetrippingturtle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9255030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story is sort of about the relationship between Annie and Lizzie takes place about 2 after Lizzie get's remarried to Nick, a few twists with some graphic scenes Lizzie: The past 2 weeks of my life have been some of the most intense of my life, Nick and Hallie came after me and Annie when we left. I had remarried Nick a few days later it had happened so fast but yet it seemed so slow to me at the same time. We had gone away on a honeymoon to make up for lost time together it was filled with passion and love like I had never felt before. However we had missed our daughters a lot and found it hard to be that far away from them we came back earlier this week to his napa home we had agreed to stay there for a little bit unti a living situation was agreed o. Something was off about Annie when I got home though, 2 days later I am somewhat flustered trying to figure out what is going on with her!. Nick is taking an afternoon nap I slip on my shorts and head downstairs to get something quick for lunch . Walking quietly in the room I pull out a few peices of toast from the fridge when I turn around Annie is sitting at the center counter with a blank look on her face staring down into oblivion. She startled the begesis out of me I catch my breath putting down the toast \"Are you okay?(no answer) Can you please tell me whats going on? what your not even going to talk to me now? your scaring me Annie I can't help you unless you tell me whats going on.. you haven't seemed yourself since I've been back you haven't eaten a thing your going to get sick if you don't take care of yourself.. Have a peice of toast you need something in your sytem\" I push it infront of her realizing I practically yelled at her that had not been my intention but I don't want her to get sick I realize shes crying trembling with a look of fear. \"Sweetie\" I go to hug her but she bolts away from me upstairs hysterical, I run after her suddenly the phone rings. I see Chessy in the corner looking rather confused \"Get a tape recorder fast and tape her phone conversation I dont know whats going on but I have a feeling whoever is calling her has something to do with it\" I say running upstairs. I find a line quickly and tap the call maybe I can get a clue as to going on . \"Why are you putting me through this? you never belonged anywhere near this family to begin with\" I hear Annie cry into the phone. \" Your nothing but a worthless brat ever going to give a dam about! I'm going to get rid of you soon but first I want you to say your last words to her..your going to tell her that you wish you never had a mother that you wish she was dead and that you don't love her\" At that moment I realize it's merideth on the other end I wanted to scream at her for what she just said to my daughter but her motive is still unknown I keep quiet hoping to figure out what the woman is scheming. Immeditly Annie responds yelling \"No! I'm never going to say that to her I'll never feel that way about her! me and my mom love eachother more than you'll ever understand. Everything you've said in the two times you've called me your sick! Stop tormenting me please just leave my family alone \". Trying not to break down I lean my body against the wall a few seconds later the womans voice screamed into the phone \"Listen well you little peice of shit I'm going to kill you how would you like to get slaughtered and stuffed like a fucking thanksgiving turkey?!\". \"If you ever lay a hand on my daughter I'll make sure your arrested! Dont you dare talk to my family like that especially Annie! I'll never let you near her as long as theres a breath left in my body\" I yell into the phone not being able to take hearing her talk to my little girl like that my eyes filled up with tears if I ever see that phychopath again theres a good chance I'd puch the lights out of her. What scared me the most was that the phychopath is actually going to try and hurt Annie a fear struck inside me where is she \"your too late Liz I've almost got Annie now!\" Merideth laughs manically into the phone I hang up running towards the twins room \"All the doors leading outside are locked so are the downstairs windows and I called 911 I'll keep watch with martin just find Annie\" Chessy yells I could tell she was freaked out. Darting down the hall I hear her crying getting louder \"Annie are you okay?\" all I get is an even louder sob as a response. pushing their bedroom door wider I see her curled up in a ball. Quickly locking the door as fast as I can running to her \"What are you going to do to me?\" she cries never in my life had I seen her so scared I sat down on the bed she flinched in fear. Was there an angry look on my face? I hadn't realized if there was the last thing I want is to freak her out any worse. Immeditly I pull her onto my lap pulling her close as possible, hugging her as tight as I can locking her in a tearful embrace she hugged me back just as tight. \"I'm going to hug you tight and not let go of you until I'm sure that phychopath is behind bars because I love you more than anything oh Annie If anything happened to you I don't know what I'd do\". \"I love you too mom.. I'm sorry I should of said something .. she had called 4 days ago and went of screaming that she was going to kill me as some sort of horrid revenge scheme.. I was afraid but you and dad seemed so happy I didn't want to undo that\" \"So you figured it was a better idea to risk that insane nut actually murdering you than to tell me the woman was making death threats towards you?\" I said softly looking deep into her eyes I was just hysterical as she was. \"I didn't know what to do all I knew was that I wanted you and dad to be happy and that if I told you what was going on you would of been worried just as sick as I am\" she looked back at me . \"I was worried that I knew something was bothering you and you weren't telling me..Annie if you had..I probably would have jumped out a freaking 4 story window!\" I feel as if I'm sqeezing her but she didn't seem to care. \"Mom please don't suicidal on me now!\" She looks at me almost mortified \"I promise not to if you promise to stay alive for the rest of my life\". \"I promise I will try my hardest to stay alive for the rest of your life.. Just please mom don't leave me Im so scared\" she cries burying her head in my shoulder. \"I promise Annie I won't leave you we'll get through this\" I say softly hugging her tightly[Chapter 2] Lizzie: There was an eery feeling in the back of my mind I had an odd sensation that someone was watching us that shouldn't of been. I picked Annie up and went over to the bedroom window locking it I saw a set if distant eyes darting behind tree's in the distance. \"It's her isn't it? she's going to get me\" Annie starting shaking again I went back to the bed and pulled down the covers along with a few pillows. Sitting down on the pillows placing her on my lap \"Shh.. the house is locked darling if it is Meridith she can't get in, Hey she thinks shes going to get away with all of this shes got another thing coming\". Pulling the blanket around us I cradle her in my arms clinging to eachother trying to keep both of us from completely loosing our minds. A loud crash rang in my ears I closed my eyes trying to tune out the sound but Annie starts crying \"It's alright the police caught her you can come ou t now\" Chessy yells through the door a minute later. \"Your sure she cant get away?\" I say uneasy, \"She's in handcuffs there taking her down to nappa jail shes not even on the property anymore\". \"We can't stay locked in this room forever mom\" I know Annies right. \"Your right Annie we've got to get back to reality sometime\" I say getting up helping her onto her feet she clings to me as we walk to the door. I unlock it stepping into the hallway we walked down the stairs I saw Chessy and Martin talking to a few officers Nick was sitting on the couch with Hallie everyone in the house was shaken up I knew having to talk to the cops wasn't going to make things any easier. I sit down sat the end of the stair case with Annie sitting her down on my lap she is still shaking. On the inside I'm afraid to face Nick what if he blames me for this I just got him and Hallie back. What is going to happen if we have another fight? I have to clear my head and be strong for Annie I tell myself holding onto her tightly. Annie gives me a look she can see right through my tough act, we probably know eachother better than anyone knows us. There's a bond between the two of us I don't know quite how to explain, I didn't really get a chance to have much of a relationship with my mother. One day I hope Hallie can share a 3 way bind between me and Annie and Nick too on some level just as I hope Annie will develop a better relationship with Nick. \"You don't have to put up a wall mom but remember if you do I'll be on the side of it your on\" she says to me. Stray tears slip down my face \"Even if we wanted shut eachother out I don't think we'd last long trying, You know any wall I put up is not to keep you out. It's just to keep everyone else out and from coming in too close contact with my true state of mind.\" I say. She looks up at me \"Why do you feel the need to distance yourself from just about everything? I know you're keeping some secrets about yourself from me and later on I intend to continue this conversation with you!\" She said in an adult manner. \"Since when did you become the parent?\" I said trying not to laugh \"You know what I mean mom\" she said as the police started to walk towards us. They made us sign a document stating that the tape recording Chessy made was genuine and that they would tape our statements and everything we said in the statements would be the truth and nothing but it. Annie was afraid to talk to the police but they said that it would be better if they could talk to her alone somewhere I walked Annie and a woman officer into the kitchen and told her that I would be right in the next room. I sat outside on the porch and talked to the other officer I already knew why they wanted to talk to her alone and it was more phychological. He introduced himself to me as Sargent Freed and asked me how I had found out about Meridith threatening Annie. I told him about the events that day leading up to my tapping that phone call why I had and what I had realized while listeing to the conversation. It was painfully hard for me to talk about what I had heard in that phone call no one has the right to talk to Annie like that. When I had told the police everything that could be important(of course leaving out anything intimate about my marriage love life) I came back inside and curled up between Nick and Hallie. Trying to conceal my emotions once again Annie was right I did tend to distance most things and I had a reason for it that I have been trying to repress since I was just a kid myself. \"Shes been in there talking to the detective for a long time\" Nick says in a concerned tone \"Nick theres a lot she has to tell them, if they don't have the full information the less of a chance they have of being able to make sure Meridith gets sent off to jail for a long time\". \"Good she belongs in jail if I ever catch her near Annie I'll go at her! teacher her a lesson not to mess with my twin!\" Hallie says looking upset. \"Hal we're all upset with what Meridith did but its up to the justice system now what happens to her. For our families saftey I'm going to start keeping the outside doors and downstairs windows locked most of the time as well as install a new alarm system\" Nick said. \"Thats not going to change the fact that you nearly married a nut job dad\" Hallie said walking away. As much as I'm in love with Nick Hallie is right I get up sitting down in the corner of the room next to her. \"Your thinking that if your father had married her you could of been 6ft under by now?\" I say looking at her. \"We all could of been.. You and Annie are just becoming a big part of my life I don't want that to go away ever I love you mom\". \"Oh Hallie I love you too\" I say pulling her into a tight hug \"I'm sorry I wasn't there all of those years but things aren't going to go back to that ever I'm here now and I'll stand by you and Annie no matter much as I love your father you and Annie come first in my life right now and thats not about to change darling\". \"How can you be so sure that things arent going to change?\" She questions me \"Life is always going to be changing but there are some parts of it that will stay the same\". I give her a kiss on the forhead Annie walks into the room I get up and walk over to her. She looks up at me with a confused look \" I want to curl up in a ball and forget that time is moving, shes going to come after me mom I can't handle this\" she runs upstairs. This time I don't go after her, the police leave I go sit outside. The humid summer air fills my lungs I want to help Annie but maybe she needs some space. Nick sits down next to me \"You can't take the girls side on everything they may be our daughters but they need to learn discipline\" he seems ticked off. \"Stating the truth doesn't make someone a problem the person who thinks theres a problem maybe needs to rethink what the problem really is!\" I say. \"Lizzie I'm sorry It's just this whole situation has me on edge I know this is my fault I tried to get over you by trying to convince myself I was in love with Meridith I hadn't seen how screwed up she was\" He sounded almost guilty. \"Well did it work, trying to get over me?\" I asked trying to keep up my wall \"You know true love can't be fallen out of?\" he says. I break down and melt into his arms lost in a passionate kiss I really do love Nick. My wall must not be caught off guard right now though I part my lips from his and light a big long cigarette in place. \"You know your probably going to die young if you don't quit smoking\" he says softly. \"Would that be such a bad thing Nick?!\" I ask feeling too many mixed up emotions, It helps me calm down but I know it's not good for me I had quit before I got married but over the years I had started smoking when I got wound up. He gives me an angry look as Annie stumbles outside I nearly have a heart attack dropping my cigarette \"What in bloody hell do you think your doing Annie!\" I say hysterical but yet I pick up my cigarette and keep smoking it even more feircly. Annie has a cigarette and a bottle of water in her hand I don't want to scream at her but what in tarnation is going through her `11 year old head?. Nick looks like hes about to slap both of us, \"I suppose you have a death wish too now Annie? I'm not going to watch this. if the two of you want to die your going to do it alone\" he storms out of the room crying . He throws the cigarette she was smoking on the ground stomping it out and shuts the door I notice something off about her balance and . \"Maybe it wouldn't be a bad thing if we both died young I'm about up for it!\". She stumbles towards me I run towards her sitting her down on the outside loveseat next to me I smell something on her breath. \"Whats gotten into you Annie? this isn't funny\" \"I'm not trying to be funny, if you can die young than so can I! your forgetting I don't have to stay alive if your not alive\" I get a vision in my head of her having an oxygen tank and amputated fingers at my age I snap back to reality seeing her put out my cigarette \"Your more important to me than all the cigarettes in the universe\". She took a big gulp out of the bottle \"How about all the vodka? you want some mom itull make your head spin open\" I took the bottle out of her hand. \"I've only been drunk once in my life? Do you know what its like to have to live with a drunk?! you want to know why I put up a wall?! oh\" I take a big chug out of the bottle she almost laughs. \"Annie that wasn't funny at all ether it's just water you nearly gave me a heart attack\". She responds the happiness drained from her face \"It was kind of funny mom I didn't even inhale the cigarette ether I was trying to get a point across\". \"You certianly got the point across to me sweetie(I chuck my pack of cigarettes in the garbage) I quit for good I mean it this time I'll never have another cigarette, you nearly gave me a heart attack but thank you I don't want to leave you and this is a good start to prevent that from happening anytime soon oh Annie I love you so much I don't want to do anything that would hurt you again I'm so sorry\" \"I love you too mom I don't want to hurt you ether I'm sorry, I wouldn't ever smoke cigarettes or get totally drunk atleast not intentionally drunk\" she says curling up on my lap. We pull into a hug practically squeezing eachother \"I don't want to be anything like my mother was I never told you about your grandmother\". \"Mom I can tell it's bothering you maybe you'll feel better if you let it out\" she looks up at me giving me a gentle squeeze. \"She was a drunk who told me constantly that she hated me and didn't want me she left your grandfather for the bottle and dragged me along with her drunk boyfriend they treated me as if I was some kind of human punching bag and refused to tell my father where I was.. she left my father when I was about 7 they had been divorced for many years but he let her stay because he didn't want her to run off with me. She just slammed me into her boyfriends car trunk one day and drove off they were constantly staying in random places and passing out from all the alchol I was constantly getting more bruises beatings and verbal abuse when I was almost 12 my mother came home so drunk one night that she was puking up blood all over the motel room she had walked in on her boyfriend trying to rape me and all she did was stumble into the bathroom laughing she told me that I deserved it and that she had never loved me that was the last thing my mother ever said to me she passed out and so did her boyfriend not long after I called the police who found my father and told to come him pick me up. My mother and her boyfriend never woke up after passing out that night when the police showed up they told me both of them had died of alcohol poisoning and that my father was going to come and take me back with him. The last words my mom ever said to me were \"You deserve it maybe the dick will teach you to bend down and take the beating you don't matter to me anymore than a bug on the wall I'd swat you dead like one if I wasn't so wasted I don't want you E I never loved you\" I shut my mouth hysterical. \"I'm so sorry mom I didn't know.. your mom was screwed up I would have given it to her if I had met her.. She had no right to treat you like that you didn't deserve any of that what happened to you is horrible but it's in the past. Your nothing like your mother and I know your never going to be if you were anything like her you would have chosen the Cigarettes over everything 're practically the opposite of your mom you've never abused me in anyway before in my life you never put your hands up to me all you've done is take care of me and love me . You've been the best mom I could ever ask for you've always been kind to me your life hasn't been easy but you have a loving father twin daughters and a finally the man of your dreams . Your life may have started off with a rotten lemon but look how many prestine lemons came from the seeds. Hallie and I aren't going to become alcholics leave you or abuse you in any way nether is dad or anyone in this family including Chessy and Martin. I wouldn't ever want to hurt you mom you matter to me I want you as my mother I couldn't imagine having anyone else as a mom I wouldn't trade you for anything in the universe. I love you more than anything ,I don't know what I'd do without you\". Annie said looking deep into my eyes crying We hugged eachother even tighter \"I love you Annie your the best daughter I could ever wish for, I wouldn't trade you for anything ether you're like a little peice of a blinding white cloud you know that!\" I said looking down at her big hazel eyes ","Summary":" This story is sort of about the relationship between Annie and Lizzie takes place about 2 after Liz"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Idgie's Love","Author":"Green Lepard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12371379","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Idgie knew from the moment she first met Ruth that she loved her. As a kid, it was a generous love. As a rebellious 15 year old, it was a curious love, with a hint of despise and jealousy. Jealousy of her happiness. As a woman of her twenties, it was a fierce love. A love she wasn't going to let go. A longing love. A love she wasn't going to let get beaten away. Then Buddy j.r came along. This was a new kind of love. A motherly love. A love a mother bear had for her cub. A new kind of love for Ruth, now a new mother feeling the exact same thing. It was a changing love when Buddy j.r nearly died. And it was a knowing love by being the first to call him \"Stump\" before anyone else could. Idgie loved Ruth with a pressing knowledge of having to let go eventually when Ruth was diagnosed with cancer. Of having to love Stump alone, in a way. Idgie had to learn to love, to let go. Idgie would often lie down next to Ruth's grave. She wouldn't say much. She just remembered the old times as her grey wispy curls covered her face in a breeze. She'd leave honey and a note. Ruth would've liked that. Ruth would've loved her loving Bee Charmer. ","Summary":" Idgie knew from the moment she first met Ruth that she loved her. As a kid, it was a generous love."},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Southern Siblings","Author":"Green Lepard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12841518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alice Lee Cloud Threadgoode born in 1856, now 53 years old, was holding a blond, curly haired, crystal blue-eyed baby girl in her arms. Her ninth child and fifth daughter. Imogene Louise Threadgoode. That's what she and William James Threadgoode her husband and senior of six years, had decided upon. Now they had ten children to support. Edward and Leona, though they were practically grown, Estella (Essie) Rue, the twins Mildred and Patricia (Patsy) Ruth, Cleo, James Lee or Buddy as everyone called him, Virginia (Ninny) whom they took in when the poor thing became orphaned, Julian and now Imogene. Edward was becoming a responsible and respectable young man. Just like his father. Leona was self centered. Essie Rue and the twins were learning how to flirt like ladies. Cleo was quiet, but a gentleman. The same was with Ninny, but a lady. Julian was the prankster and got in trouble all of the time. He was considered the hothead of the family. Little did they realize what was coming. Now Buddy, Buddy was 8 years old and already charming the ladies. Blond, wavy hair and blue eyes. And how he adored his new baby sister! Yes. The children sure we're good children all around. A bundle of emotions every day. It would be very trying at times, but being a Southern family in a large home in the Alabaman countryside, you have to expect that sort of thing. Mama Threadgoode noticed Julian was more devilish in the following months. The other children just stared around at Imogene in her crib. They had seen plenty of babies before, but something about this one was different. Her big blue eyes seemed to be full of life. They thought the same of her lungs at night. And her curls! They were the cutest curls! Mama knew Julian was jealous. To an extent, all the children were. But that's what happens when there's a new baby in the family. And a large one at that. Poor Julian was the youngest for a few years now. Just out of toddlerhood, the attention of being the mischievous youngster was no longer on him. At least, he thought, he was still the youngest boy. And he'd live up to that title. Alice chuckled as she cradled her child. Buddy had seemed to have taken a real shine to Imogene. He even started calling her \"Idgie\". A nice nickname. But for now, she'd call her Imogene. Five years had passed. Idgie was five and Buddy was thirteen. \"Buddy! Buddy! Piggy-back!\" \"What's the magic word, Idgie?\" Buddy was already on his knees in the grass. \"Pleeeaaaase?\" The little girl clambered onto the boy's back. Idgie had an equal fondness for Buddy. They were inseparable. Mama watched on her children playing airplane in the great backyard. Mildred and Patsy Ruth, Ninny and Cleo were all close. The four of them played tag together. Leona was sewing with Essie Rue. Edward, now in his early 20's, was chasing Julian all around trying to retrieve a love letter he had been writing back to his sweetheart. Mama thought about how each of her children were different, yet still got along alright except for Leona and Idgie. Leona was fussy about her looks, her clothes, her hair, her . Idgie hated taking baths. She fought her mama to wear dresses on Sunday's. She mostly wore Buddy's old clothes. Her hair was an unkempt, curly mess. Idgie didn't seem to care even if she got made fun by other children for looking like a boy. But Leona cared. Mama noticed that the freckles from her side of the family had developed on Idgie's button face. Idgie's chubby toddler fingers dug into Buddy's shoulders. \"Buddy! I can't hang on! You're running too fast!\" But before Buddy could stop, with a look of distress and guilt, Idgie fell off his back. He was getting tall, but was hunched over anyway. It was still a dangerous fall for a 5 year old. The family gathered round a crying Idgie. \"That hurt, Buddy!\" \"I'm sorry Idgie. I should've been more careful. You ok?\" Idgie wiped the tears as everyone except Leona helped her up. She hated being hurt in front of anyone and the attention was on her. Her face turned red. Julian started to taunt her. Mama told him to hush up and tapped him on the head. Leona stood like the Statue of Liberty, but not nearly so welcoming. \"A young lady shouldn't run around like a wild animal on her wild animal brother!\" Buddy, embarrassed like Idgie and his temper rising, retorted, \"And a proper, kind grown lady shouldn't comment on another little lady's, a child's , shortcomings!\" \"Now that's enough children! Your father will be home soon. Everyone inside, now. Sipsey's got supper ready.\" Mama herded her children across the green grass and up the porch steps and through the screen door. \"Lord!\", she thought. She was glad He gave her the patience to discipline and love this band of hooligans. ","Summary":" Alice Lee Cloud Threadgoode born in 1856, now 53 years old, was holding a blond, curly haired, crys"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Evening Drift","Author":"jenben300","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12936703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a little something I came up with while listening to a jazz playlist late at night. I know this ship is a bit abandoned/forgotten because \"things that should not be mentioned\" happened to these lovely two, BUT I'm still determined to write about one of the best OTP in existence imho. No beta, so please bear with any tiny mistakes. Also, this is my 1st fic ever (Yeeeeee!) so please let me know whatcha think! I do not own any of these characters and am simply using them for entertainment/education. ENJOY :) Evening Drift The star-speckled night sky opened, revealing a deep navy-blue backdrop from the late afternoon storm that had targeted Whistle Stop earlier that day. A light breeze rustled the leaves of surrounding trees and shook acorns down to the awaiting gravel. A train rattled in the distance as the remaining lights of the town began to dim. The damp sidewalks lining the shopping center of town held the aroma of fresh baked pies and breads from the bakery, cooling in the sill, awaiting tomorrow's wrapping and boxing. The awning of the barbershop dripped drops of rain from the earlier downpour. No one dared to leave their shutters locked tonight as the humidity rose to unbearable degrees. Several open windows and screened doorways welcomed the flood of distinguishable cricket calls in the tall, wild summer grass. All the surrounding homes were blacked out for the night and echoed sounds of deep slumber; all except one. Through the French doors of the Whistle Stop Café, at the heart of the market square, came a warm, yellow glow from the lights of the eatery. Up the front stoop and through the entrance, booths lined the sides of the café and tables spread neatly down the middle with upturned chairs on each side. The large standup radio against the back right wall hummed low tunes of late night jazz. The muted trumpet tones and gliding piano lulled on as laughter from the far-left booth at the front echoed. Cards scattered on the table of the occupied booth, which held two slightly tipsy and blushing young women. Idgie, nuzzling a half full mason jar of moonshine, sat across from Ruth who had just started on her third glass of wine. \"…So I says to him, I says,\" Idgie relays in a hushed giggly tone, determined not to wake the sleeping boy in the next room. \"You're so doggone pudgy anyway, I should just start calling you Putt-Putt!\" \"No!\" Ruth laughs. \"Idgie you didn't say that to him, really?\" \"I sure as hell did. You shoulda' seen the smug wipe right off that bastard's face when I said it, too.\" \"What on Earth am I gonna' do with you girl?\" Ruth sighed lovingly. Idgie stretched her arm across the table to lay her hand on Ruth's, accidentally pushing their abandoned game of gin to the floor in the process. \"You've put up with it so far, Sugar, I'm sure you'll find a way to keep me in check,\" Idgie flirted. Ruth glanced up from the dropped cards to find mischievous blues boring into her soft brown eyes. She could practically feel Idgie purring with amusement as her face began to warm up. Ruth smirked, shaking her head slightly to kill the romantic fuzz filling her head, and pulled her hand off the table to avoid Idgie's grasp. She had long ago figured out Idgie's tricks when it came to the art of seduction and she wasn't going to fall for it tonight. \"Come on now, let's get this cleaned up,\" Ruth said, clumsily sliding out of the booth and picking up her three glasses and Idgie's mason jar in one swoop. \"Oh, come on, Ruth,\" Idgie whined. \"We were just getting the night started!\" \"Yes, and now it's ending,\" Ruth replied with as much sternness as she could muster through her smirk. \"You know we got the early weekend crowd tomorrow, plus the horse race is in route. We're gonna be swamped.\" \"Yeah yeah I know, but can't we try opening later for once?\" Idgie suggested, following Ruth to the sink back in the kitchen. \"Let the morning crowd cook their own breakfast at home. We deserve a break, too.\" \"Maybe, but I don't think our definitions of a 'break' are quite on the same page,\" Ruth said, running warm water over the glassware and eyeing Idgie accusatorily. Idgie matched Ruth's sly grin and left her side by the sink to slide up behind her, pressing her front into Ruth's back and wrapping her arms around her mid-section. Ruth dried her hands and laughed. \"You really think this is gonna' get to me?\" Idgie pressed up on her toes and leaned forward glide her lips against Ruth's ear, stopping at the lobe. \"Oh, I know it will,\" She whispered back, instantly feeling Ruth shiver and rest her hands on either side of the sink. She kissed behind her cartilage and softly continued down the length of her neck to her exposed shoulder. Ruth hummed in agreement and turned to face Idgie and interrupt her connection to her skin. \"That's the thing about you,\" Ruth stared straight into Idgie before bumping her pelvis with her hip to shoo her away. \"You always think you know everything.\" Idgie stood back and scoffed. Ruth smiled challengingly before turning through the back door to the patio with a sway of her hips. As if she had a magnet attached, Idgie followed, determined to win this one in the end. Idgie descended the few steps to the backyard landing and kicked her slippers off, dragging her feet lazily through the dewed-up grass to where Ruth lay flat. She crouched down and mimicked her position, resting her arms behind her head and staring up at the stars. \"I don't think I know everything ya' know,\" Idgie defended herself. \"Try telling Buddy Jr. that.\" \"What? Why? Did he say something? That little rascal gets a little hair on his nuts and thinks he can just do what he wants! I told him, you gotta' do things the right way, no cutting corners…\" \"Idg —\" \"Cause' see life isn't gonna wait around for you. You gotta get an education, be about your business, stay focused…\" \"Idg—\" \"And be humble. But not too humble you wanna have some confidence about you. Confidence is key. Cause if ya don't have it now, later on it'll come back to bite you in the—\" \"Idgie!\" Ruth had rolled onto her side and faced the now silent Imogene who, obviously, hadn't taken notice of her drunken tangent. \"Oh,\" Idgie blushed. \"I didn't mean to ramble. That shine'll really get a hold on you.\" \"Oh, I know,\" Ruth giggled recalling Idgie's hiccups of moonshine throughout her Buddy Jr. rant. Their boy was in the transition to becoming a young man and he made sure they knew it every day with his constant inching towards the ceilings fans of the café and darkening peach fuzz on his upper lip and chin. He had recently attempted the usual half-hearted grunts in response to questions phase but was thoroughly discouraged with a swift and hearty pinching from Idgie in front of the whole afternoon café crowd, much to his embarrassment. But all that didn't stop him from showing love to the women who raised and poured each hard day's work into him, even if it took a little prompting from time to time. \"I promise you he listens, really. He adores you, Idgie. I know he don't always remember to say so, but he loves you. Maybe even more than me,\" Ruth finished with a genuine look of sadness on her face. Idgie noticed this and immediately sat up on her side facing her. \"Don't you ever say. Don't even think it. You are that boy's world. You've been through more than I can ever match with him and you protected him through it all. He will always love you. And so will I.\" Ruth's eyes began to well up as she was reminded of the awful events of the past and how much different they could have ended up. The years of guilt that still ate at her for the things she couldn't control. How close she came to being no more. Taken out if not by the ghost of her abusive past, then by her own lack of will to go on. But she was saved. Saved by her boy and saved by the love of her life who lay in front of her. Helped along by the never-ending support of their community and friends. She was so sad yet so happy, and though she knew her earlier drinks played a part in the tears streaming down her cheeks, she couldn't help but feel the overwhelming rush of emotion. \"God, Idgie, I just…I don't even know how to—\" \"Shhhh…it's OK. It's all going to be fine. It always will be. I'm here.\" Idgie scooted over the gap between them and lay on her back, pulling the now sobbing Ruth onto her and rubbing her back as she held her in her arms. As her tears turned to sniffles, then calm breathing, Idgie soothed her by gently running her fingers through her hair. \"Feels better to get it all out now doesn't it?\" \"Yeah, it does,\" Ruth sniffled. \"But tell Grady he can keep whatever 'special red' he's got locked away from now on. I'm done with drinking…until next week.\" They both laughed and Idgie pecked her lips to Ruth's nose before turning to the sky. \"Every star up there reminds me of you,\" Idgie confessed after a minute, causing Ruth to look at her with interest. \"There's just so many of them that I get so lost…the same way I get lost in you. I could drift through you for hours. Hearing every story, knowing every worry and fear, every hope and joy, and still, I would be up to see more. I love every part about you, even the ones I haven't found yet.\" Idgie's hand found Ruth's and pulled it toward her mouth, kissing every knuckle before landing on the outside of her palm and curling her fingers through hers. \"Imogene Louise Threadgoode are you just trying to get me to cry again?\" Ruth questioned playfully while leaning in closer to her face, brushing her lips against hers. \"Why yes, Ruth Jamison, I believe so,\" Idgie answered with a smile before pressing her lips fully into the kiss. It deepened as they moved their mouths in unison, holding the others face and intertwining their legs for balance in the slick grass. The stars and moon shone brightly above as the midnight air turned them into a blur of blonde and brunette. They broke slowly and stared only inches apart into each other's eyes glazed over with euphoria, pupils wide with excitement. Across the yard and miles over the treetops, a soft glow of lightning flashed indicating another July storm was on its way. Duke Ellington's Mood Indigo slowly seeped through the crack in the back patio door, further lighting the scene. \"Why don't we head upstairs?\" Ruth prompted, lifting herself into a sitting position then standing to brush off her dress. \"Right behind you,\" Idgie followed her movements and adjusted the suspenders hanging off her pants before slipping inside after her partner. They tiptoed into the café, shutting the doors and switching off the radio before quickly cleaning up their spilt card game and killing the lights. The stairs barely creaked under the weightlessness of the couple who shed their grassy garments and climbed into bed, caressing each other in the gentlest and most meaningful way. With every kiss and nip, every sigh and gasp, every \"I love you\", they together created their own universe, their own palette of stars. And they were certain they would drift with one another forever and always. Had a lot of fun writing this and will hopefully start writing some more in this fandom as well as others. If you got the Grady/Putt Putt reference you are actually amazing because it's extremely obscure (*hint check out the movie remake podcast with josiah and rob even though it's discontinued*). Leave a review or even a favorite if you liked it. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Just a little something I came up with while listening to a jazz playlist late at night. I know thi"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Rose","Author":"fabfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7809155","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Rose Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (movie) Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer: I do not own these characters Summary: Ruth had planted a rose bush in front of the house over a year ago and the thing had yet to bloom Ruth was alone in the café, the early morning sun barely peeking over the horizon. Her hands were covered with flour and shortening as she mixed together a pie crust for one of the many pies the customers would be clamoring for by lunchtime. Her voice hummed quietly in the silent kitchen. Her dress was already sticking to her skin, the hot Alabama humidity never ceasing in its relentlessness. Her long brown hair was held back in a bun, but a few random locks had fallen loose and curled around her face. She'd woken up before Idgie and Stump, not that difficult considering the two would sleep till nightfall if given the chance. With the sky still dark, she had slipped out of the house and walked to the café, going in through the back and wrapping an apron around her waist. Sipsey would be in soon to start on the biscuits, and Stump would come stumbling in soon after when he smelled fresh bacon sizzling in the pan. Her boy always had a nose for when a meal was being prepared. She'd feed him a heaping portion of bacon, biscuits, and grits before sending him back to the house to get ready for school. Hopefully by then Idgie would have ambled in to start opening the café, her eyes still half closed after another long night taking Grady's money in marathon poker games. Ruth bit her lip as she dug her hands into the white mixture. Lord, she loved Idgie, but that girl had a way of driving her crazy sometimes. She stayed out all night the night before with Grady and a few other of the town's men gambling and didn't get home till well after midnight. She knew Idgie enjoyed her nights out with the boys, but it always meant she'd take her time the next morning getting in to the café. They were always busy during breakfast, and it got to be a lot on Ruth, Sipsey, and Big George. Of course, Ruth couldn't stay mad too long at her. Idgie would always charm her with a joke and a grin, then promise to take care of the dinner crowd while Ruth went home and rested. It was happening more and more lately though, and it was getting rather tiresome not being able to see Idgie at home except for when she stumbled in during the early morning hour and quickly fell asleep next to her. A drop of sweat rolled down Ruth's cheek, and she jumped as a finger wiped it away. Spinning with a gasp, she found herself face to face with Idgie Threadgoode. \"Idgie!\" Ruth breathed out, a hand coming to her chest. \"Sorry.\" Idgie apologized, her blue eyes fluttering over Ruth's face. Ruth swiped her hands on her apron, \"What're you doing here?\" She was sure Idgie would still be asleep. Had she woken her when she left the house? Idgie's gaze flickered down to Ruth's plump lips for a second, \"Thought you might need some help.\" \"Help?\" Ruth caught the look and felt the corner of her mouth turn up. Idgie wasn't a cook. She worked the register and served the customers. She stayed as far away from the kitchen as she could. Sipsey wouldn't even let her near the frying pans. Idgie moved closer to Ruth, \"You did teach me how to cook.\" Ruth's body hummed as Idgie stopped inches away from her. She could feel her skin heating up, and it wasn't from the weather. Her mind went back to the time Idgie tried to cook a batch of fried green tomatoes. It'd ended with them covered in food on the floor and Grady wondering what was going on. She focused her brown eyes on Idgie's blue as she remembered what they did after the café closed that night, and by the way Idgie was leaning into her, she knew the other woman was imagining the same thing, \"Idgie, honey, Sipsey will be here any minute, and Stump's going to want breakfast.\" Idgie snagged a strand of brunette hair and pushed it back behind Ruth's ear, \"Sipsey won't be here for another hour, and Stump's gonna stop by Ninny and Cleo's for breakfast.\" \"How do you know that?\" Ruth's eyes fluttered as Idgie cupped her cheek. Idgie leaned in close, her words smoothing over Ruth's lips, \"Don't ya trust me, Ruth?\" Yes, she did. Idgie closed the gap between them and pressed her mouth to Ruth's. Ruth's eyes fell shut at the touch. Her body thrummed as she kissed Idgie back. Tanned hands held her face, thumbs caressing the tender skin of her cheeks. She gasped as a wet tongue slid across her bottom lip before slipping inside her mouth. Ruth pulled back slightly, her breath coming out in pants, \"Idgie, wait.\" Her mind was barely holding on, and what little was left was telling her this was a bad idea, \"Honey, breakfast...\" Idgie kissed her nose, her chin, then moved to her neck, \"Can wait.\" Ruth bit back a moan as teeth nipped at her throat, \"Idgie,\" Idgie sucked at the soft flesh, her tongue darting out to taste the creamy skin. Ruth gasped and let her head fall to the side, silently giving in to the hungry mouth. Idgie smirked to herself and bit down gently, her tongue soothing the reddened mark soon after. Ruth's eyes shut and she grasped Idgie's shoulders, digging her fingertips into the thin white shirt stretched across the strong muscles. Ruth quickly sucked in a lungful of air as a calloused hand slid up her front, tenderly palming her breast through the cotton dress. A questing thumb flicked at the small nub as the hand massaged the firm mound. Ruth's hands slipped from their perch, skimming down Idgie's sides. Idgie leaned up and pressed her mouth to Ruth's ear, her words blowing like the summer breeze across the reddening area, \"You sure are the prettiest gal in Alabama, Ms. Ruth.\" Ruth let her hands settle on Idgie's hips, unconsciously pulling her closer, \"Always the charmer.\" Idgie smiled, \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" Ruth whispered. She tilted her head, letting her brown eyes catch Idgie's blue, \"Even if the only time you get up in the morning is to be like this.\" Idgie's eyes lit up at the sparkling brown orbs, \"Why Miss Ruth, don't you know I'd do anything to be like this with you? Getting up early ain't nothing special.\" Ruth gave her a chaste kiss, \"I know.\" Idgie had proven more than once that she'd do anything for the people she loved, and Ruth thanked God everyday for letting her have someone like that in her and Buddy Jr's life. She cupped Idgie's cheek, \"That don't mean I'm gonna do that with you here in Sipsey's kitchen.\" Ruth had to bite back a chuckle as Idgie's face fell into a pout, \"Honey…\" Ruth gave her another quick kiss before pushing her away slowly, \"Don't Honey me, Idgie Threadgoode. You know me better than that.\" Idgie brushed her hand against Ruth's side, \"I've missed you.\" \"I've missed you.\" The corner of Ruth's mouth twitched and she crossed her arms, \"Maybe if you came home at night instead of cheating at cards with Grady and the boys, we'd have time to be together like that.\" Idgie's eyes widened and her mouth opened, but before she could say one word, the back door to the café swung open and Sipsey strolled in. She stopped at the sight of the two, and her eyes narrowed. She looked back and forth between the blonde and brunette, clicking her tongue, \"You best not be thinkin' bout doin' what I thinks you are in here.\" Ruth turned her head, a blush coating her cheeks at the blunt statement as she stepped away from Idgie. Idgie glanced at Sipsey, but before she could get a word out, Sipsey was waving her hands at her, \"Shoo, child. Git outta my kitchen 'fore I sic Big George on ya. Those tables need settin'.\" Idgie shook her head and grinned as she walked toward the entrance to the dining room, \"Can't even be in my own café's kitchen.\" Sispey shot her a look, \"Don' ya come back here till it's closin' time, ya hear me?\" As Idgie stepped into the dining room, Sipsey turned and headed toward the frying pans, \"That child ain't never gonna learn.\" Ruth smiled to herself at Sipsey's mutterings and picked up a tiny basket of blackberries. Soon the two were focused on working, the breakfast crowd pouring in. Idgie was out front ringing up sales and serving plates while George was out poking at the slabs of meat on the barbeque. By the time lunch rolled around and the only person left was Smokey Lonesome reading the newspaper in the far corner, Ruth was covered in flour, crumbs, and sweat. She wiped at her brow and slumped out to the dining room, flopping gracefully onto a stool. A glass of water appeared in front of her, and she greedily gulped down the cold liquid. \"Why don't you head on home?\" Idgie asked from behind the counter. Ruth peered up to see the other woman leaning against the wood, \"Get some rest. I'll send Stump home with some dinner after school.\" Ruth smiled softly, \"I can stay and help.\" She blinked rapidly as her eyelids threatened to fall. Idgie leaned further over the counter, snagging a loose strand of hair and looping it behind an ear, \"Don't need it. Go on.\" Ruth turned and gave a light kiss to the inside of Idgie's wrist before standing up. \"I'll be back to help with the supper crowd.\" Idgie hooked a thumb over her shoulder, \"Sipsey's got the kitchen down just fine. You can stay on home…work on that damn rose bush you keep thinking's gonna grow.\" Ruth had planted a rose bush in front of the house over a year ago and the thing had yet to bloom, \"It just needs a little time.\" \"Sure it does.\" Ruth put her hands on her hips, \"I thought you'd know a thing or two about needing a little time to get things right.\" Idgie bent her head, \"Maybe I do. Don't mean that damn rose bush's gonna grow, though.\" Ruth let her hands drop, \"You'll see.\" \"Uh huh.\" Idgie jutted out her chin, \"Now, get out of here before I have Grady come over here and haul you out.\" With a sigh, Ruth left and went back to their house. She took a tiny nap, the heat from the ever present humidity draining her body. True to her word, Idgie sent Stump home with some fried chicken, greens, and cornbread after school. The two had dinner together, and Ruth helped the boy with his schoolwork before he bolted off to his room to read the new detective story he got at the store. Ruth knew as soon as he finished it, he'd be asking to go over to the Weems' place to talk it over with their boy. Cleaning up the plates and forks from their supper, Ruth washed them in the sink and stacked them. She would take them back to the café and help out with the leftover supper crowd and preparing for the next day. As she scrubbed the plates clean, her mind wandered back to Idgie and her poker nights. She knew Idgie loved to play poker. The younger woman had even taken to teaching her how to play, and though she'd never admit it, the blonde took pride in the fact Ruth was getting just about as good as her. It was rather easy for Ruth to read the tomboy's face when there was a hand of cards in front of it. Idgie'd brag that Ruth was good, but she would never admit she took to beating Idgie whenever they played now. Course, Ruth had a feeling Idgie might have thrown a game or two, but she would let Idgie keep on thinking she didn't know. It wasn't the poker that had her lying awake at night. It wasn't that Idgie was out with the boys telling lies and making up the most foolish stories ever told. What kept her up was that Idgie was there and not with her. Ruth tried to never be selfish. She wanted the ones she loved to be happy. But, that didn't mean it didn't ache deep inside to lie in that bed alone at night when there used to be a warm body wrapped around her. Now, the arms that used to hold her gently through the night, protecting her from whatever lurked in the darkness didn't show up till long after the nightmares had passed. Ruth didn't say much about it, her words that morning the first time she really confronted Idgie about it. She told herself she didn't say anything because she didn't want to take away from Idgie's way of being, and maybe it was partly true. But, she also knew Idgie was a free spirit. She was never one to be tied down too long. Ruth had a feeling if she tried to make Idgie stay, the woman would run off as quick as she could – like an animal sensing the cage nearby. She didn't want to cage Idgie. She just…wanted her to come home at night and be with her. Like they used to be back when the café was just starting and their son was still as tiny as could be. Like back when Buddy Jr lost his arm and the family pulled together to weather the storm. Like it was before they fell into the routine of life. Picking up the freshly washed dishes, she quickly told Stump she was going to the café, and that he should head on over to help George and Idgie as soon as he finished his story. He grumbled that he would. With that done, she balanced the dishes in her arms and stepped out onto the porch. She began toward the street, but the glimpse of something red caught her eye. Swiveling to her side, she peeked over. What she saw caused her heart to skip and the dishes to tremble in her grasp. There, on the rose bush, was a single red rose. Not trusting her shaky grip, Ruth carefully set the dishes down on the porch. Straightening, she slowly walked over to the bush, swallowing thickly at the flower. That hadn't been there when she got home, and flowers didn't grow that quickly. Her eyes roamed around, studying the beautiful bloom. After a moment, her gaze caught sight of a piece of string. She followed the line to see it was wrapped around the stem of the flower, holding it in place within the bush. Ruth untied the string and plucked the flower, bringing it to her nose. The sweet floral scent floated up, and she delighted in the smell. Her eyes fluttered shut for a moment, and she hugged the flower to her chest. Her eyes slid open as she heard a soft shuffling behind her. A smile tugged at her lips, and she spun around to find a slightly anxious Idgie standing before her. \"Looks like that damn plant finally stopped taking it's time and grew something.\" Idgie spoke up first. Her hands shoved into the pockets of her trousers. \"Musta been those fried green tomatoes I had Stump feed it the other week. Those roses sure do like 'em.\" Ruth bit her lip, and affectionately replied, \"Oh, Idgie, you old storyteller, you.\" Idgie ducked her head at the loving look, \"Yeah…well,\" she lifted her head, \"Sipsey's told me not to come back to the café till tomorrow, so I thought maybe we could see about getting some more of those flowers to show up.\" \"What about your poker game?\" Idgie shrugged, \"Eh, I've taken enough of those boys' money for a time. Gotta wait for 'em to get some back before I can win again.\" She winked, \"Besides, you sure are a sight prettier than them.\" Ruth pursed her lips, \"I see.\" She might be happy to see Idgie, but that didn't mean she was going to make this incredibly easy for her. One flower and some words weren't going to fix the fact that Idgie had been choosing poker over her home. Idgie stepped up to her, taking her hand, \"Think I might be welcomed home a bit early tonight?\" \"Just tonight?\" Idgie rubbed her knuckles with the pad of her thumb, \"Well, if I get home at this time every night, it won't be early anymore.\" She peered up into Ruth's eyes, \"But that's only if ya want me to. Do you want me to?\" Ruth bit her bottom lip and whispered, \"I do.\" \"Good.\" Idgie pressed against Ruth, \"Stump home?\" Ruth nodded, her breath hitching at the movement. She couldn't help but recall how close they had been that morning, or how long it'd been since they'd been that close in their bedroom. \"Think he might want to visit Albert, Cleo, and Ninny tonight?\" \"Why?\" Idgie nuzzled the crook of her neck, \"Thought I might start making up for not coming home before,\" she placed a quick kiss there, \"and start showin' ya how we can spend our time now that I am.\" \"Is that the only reason you're coming home now, Idgie?\" Idgie placed a soft kiss to the side of her neck, \"No, ma'am. Thought we might drive down to Birmingham with Stump to see a movie tomorrow. I love you so much, though, Ruth. Let me show you?\" Ruth melted at the gently spoken words. \"You can tell him he's going over to his aunt and uncle's.\" \"What're you gonna do?\" \"I'll be in our room.\" ","Summary":" Title: Rose Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (movie) Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Rating: PG-13 "},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"She Gave It All to Me","Author":"elsiecarson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11754855","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Elizabeth Parker sits in the bay window and sips her tea. She's waiting for Nick to wake up. She and Nick need to discuss what she's going to do with her design business that is based in London since she's now living in Napa. \"Good morning madam.\" Martin, her butler, says as he enters the room. \"Good morning Martin.\" Elizabeth says smiling at her friend. \"You're up early. Is everything alright?\" Martin asks as he pours himself a cup of tea. \"I've just got a lot on my mind. It's nothing for you to worry about.\" Elizabeth says as she looks out on the vineyard. The saffron beams of the rising sun illuminate Elizabeth's face. \"You're wondering about moving the design business to Napa, aren't you? You're not sure whether it's going to succeed.\" Martin says as he looks at his boss. \"Napa is capable is supporting a high end bridal designer, but yes, I am slightly worried. You're up early this morning, Martin. Where's Chessy?\" Elizabeth asks as she relaxes with her friend. \"I left her to sleep. She looked so lovely when I woke up this morning and I couldn't bring myself to wake her up. I'll make breakfast this morning. I don't mind.\" Martin says as he sips his tea. \"Morning,\" Nick says as he enters the room wearing his pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt. He wraps his arms around Elizabeth and kisses her cheek. \"You were up early. Is everything alright?\" Nick asks. \"I think I'll go start on breakfast. Is there something special you want?\" Martin asks. \"I don't think so Martin. Where's Chessy?\" Nick asks as he pours himself a cup of coffee. \"I left her to sleep, sir. I'm sure that I can get breakfast on the table.\" Martin says confidently. \"I'm sure you can, Martin. Are the girls up yet?\" Nick asks calmly. \"And how many times dow I have to tell you not to call me sir? It's Nick even to the people who work for me.\" Nick says teasing Martin. \"I haven't seen Annie and Haley yet this morning, but I suspect they're still in bed. I'll go start on breakfast.\" Martin says before he walks towards the kitchen.[Chapter 2] \"What's bothering you, Liz? You seem deep in thought about something.\" Nicks asks as she sits next to his wife. \"I'm worried about moving the design business to Napa, but I don't want the girls to be living in two different places every year. I don't know what to do.\" Liz says as she sets her cup down. \"Listen Liz, whatever you decide to do with the design business I will support you. It's up to you what you do. It's your business to do with as you so choose.\" Nick says seriously. \"I can't be living here and trying to run my company in London. I'll move everything out to Napa. I'll put an office in the house and I can do photo shoots at the vineyard to give you some publicity too. I'll call London today and let the company know what's going to happen. I'd like to try and keep as many employees as possible, but I'm not sure how many of them will be willing to move here.\" Liz says practically. \"I'm glad you won't be travelling back and forth to London all the time.\" Nick says as he kisses Liz.[Chapter 3] \"Gosh you two, get a room already. We don't need to see that first thing in the morning.\" Chessy says cheekily. \"Morning Chessy.\" Nick says as he pulls back from the kiss. \"Morning boss,\" Chessy says as she pours herself a cup of coffee. \"Have you seen Martin this morning? He was up and gone before I ever got up.\" \"He's in the kitchen making breakfast. He said you looked so peaceful when he got up he couldn't bring himself to wake you.\" Liz says smiling at Chessy. \"That's so sweet! I'm going to go see if he needs any help.\" Chessy says with a giant smile on her face. ","Summary":" Elizabeth Parker sits in the bay window and sips her tea. She's waiting for Nick to wake up. She an"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"A Doctor's Appointment","Author":"jekyllandjess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7846357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Doctor's Appointment Idgie held Ruth's hand as the doctor delivered the diagnosis. \"I'm very sorry, Ms. Jamieson, but your test results came back positive for pancreatic cancer.\" Ruth grasped her friend's hand tighter. \"Doc…this can be treated, right? You must have some sort of, uh, treatment, that can make her better, I mean there must be something-there has to be.\" Idgie stared pleadingly at the stoic, middle-aged man in front of them. He sighed. \"What Ruth has…it can't be helped. If we caught it sooner there may have been a chance but unfortunately it has spread too rapidly to be stopped.\" Idgie tossed her head back in frustration. \"There's nothing you can do? Nothing?\" The doctor started mentioning something that would only prolong the disease and the blonde turned to Ruth, who sat in the red cushioned chair, still silent. Her porcelain skin had lost its usual shine and it now seemed pale and lifeless, as if the cancer had already ravaged her youth. \"Ruth, look at me. You're gonna be okay, sweetie. You'll be fine.\" Ruth, wgo had been avoiding Idgie's gaze, finally glanced up at her and instantly burst into tears. Idgie gestured quickly for the doctor to give them a moment, and he stepped out of the small, dimly lit room. Idgie wrapped her arms around Ruth's fragile body and stayed silent as she absorbed every one of Ruth's shaky sobs. Her calloused hands ran through Ruth's soft brown hair as she tried to settle her. \"Shh…it's alright, I'm here, love.\" Idgie felt hot, wet tears running down her face, but she took her fingers and instead wiped away those of Ruth's. \"There there, that's better. Look at how beautiful you are, even after cryin'! You amaze me, Ruth Jamieson.\" After two minutes, Ruth's cries had quieted to small sniffles and she gave her everything a sad smile. In barely a whisper she asked, \"What am I gonna tell Buddy?\" Idgie took hold of Ruth's hand again. \"I don't know, but whatever he'll hear will come from us , both of us. You're not in this alone.\" Ruth nodded and then attempted a choked laugh. \"Well I caint' have you crying too now, my bee charmer. You hardly ever cry, please don't start now.\" Idgie realized the salt-water droplets were still running down her face and she quickly wiped them away with her sleeve. \"I'm sorry, I just-\" Idgie had so many feelings and concerns at that moment. She realized most of them were filled with fear. Fear of losing Ruth, fear of having to go on without her, hear of having a deep, black hole in her chest if Ruth passed. \"It's just that I love you with all of everything, because you're the strongest, kindest, and most beautiful person I know. And I don't know why God would let this happen to someone so special. Why, Ruth? It ain't fair!\" Idgie buried her face into her hands and slumped onto Ruth's lap. A moment later she felt her head being lifted up. \"I'm sorry, I know I'm supposed to be the strong one here but-\", Idgie's rambling was interrupted by her lover: \"You don't need to apologize, Idge. I love you too, and believe me, I'm terrified at the thought of loosing you and Buddy, but God works in mysterious ways. I know if I die, it's because the Lord has a plan and my passing would be part of it. Don't be angry at God, Idgie. Let's just enjoy our time together, all right?\" Ruth had lifted Idgie's head off of her lap and now slowly kissed her, first on her cheek and then her lips. \"Still sweet as honey, I love you, Idge.\", Ruth murmured as their lips parted gently. \"Just then, they heard a knock at the door of the office. The doctor came back in and gave Ruth various medications and vitamins and told her what to expect in the coming months. Idgie cringed at some of the things he mentioned but she knew they would be okay. No matter what happens, I'll be with her until the end . That thought gave Idgie a new found courage as she carried Ruth to the car and back towards their home at Whistle Stop. ","Summary":" A Doctor's Appointment Idgie held Ruth's hand as the doctor delivered the diagnosis. \"I'm very sor"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Can't Figure Her Out","Author":"civilwarrose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7572795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Can't Figure Her Out Movie: Fried Green Tomatoes The characters of Idgie, Grady, Ruth, Big George and others belong to Fannie Flagg's novel Fried Green Tomatoes in the Whistle Stop Café, and the film based on it. Grady, the sheriff and voice of the law around these parts of Whistle Stop, Alabama, sat hunched over a slab of blueberry cobbler, his favorite dessert after a lunch of fried chicken and black-eyed peas. It was a dusty, hot day in June, and there wasn't too much happening as far as lawbreakers were concerned. Grady spent most evenings patrolling about Troutville, making sure that those folk there abided by the laws and were kept in their place. Any funny business or stepping out of line, and Grady would be first to contact the boys. And by 'the boys,' he meant Billy Morrison and Harry Ross, the Grand Dragon and Assistant Dragon of the Alabama Klan. Grady listened to the familiar noises coming from the hot kitchen of the café. Big George's booming voice was singing them religious songs, you know, the ones they like to sing. His ma, Sipsey, was telling him to go out and get those sides of pork ready for the barbeque. Ruth Bennett, a pretty and petite brown-haired girl, came out of the kitchen. She needed to go back home to the Threadgoode house and tend to her little boy, two-year-old Buddy. As she opened the door, another voice was heard in the kitchen, the surly and drawling tone of the girl owner of this fine restaurant, Miss Idgie. \"Well, Sipsey, seems like you got those biscuits almost ready to go, I better see if ol' Grady needs more to stuff his face with,\" she said as she entered the dining area of the café. She strolled over to Grady's corner table, coffeepot in hand. Grady's breath caught at the sight of her, and he started getting that frustrated feeling all over again. She could be pretty if she really tried to. Her hair was blonde, her eyes were blue, but instead of styling her hair like a woman is supposed to, she just wore it short and wavy, like a mop around her face. And she never wore a dress, dammit. Why that woman couldn't ever wear a dress was something Grady could not wrap his mind around. Instead, Idgie wore old baggy trousers full of holes, trying to hide that cute figure he knew she had. Blast it that she didn't dress to show it off. And she always wore those baggy old shirts that belonged to her brother in law, and some dirty apron over it. Grady cursed himself for desiring a woman who didn't seem to even want to be a woman. \"I suppose you are needing some more hot coffee,\" Idgie said to him in a bored voice, her hand on her hip. \"Thank you kindly, Idgie,\" Grady replied, holding his cup for her to fill. \"How about another get-together with the Dill Pickle Club next Friday night? Couple games of poker?\" \"You bet, Grady,\" Idgie said. \"I'll be there, and I'll be there to win, you know that!\" she teased. She smiled at him, her face pretty even with no makeup on. Grady loved when she teased him. \"What are you doing on Saturday, Idgie? I am off patrol and I'm gonna go out for a little trout fishing. You wanna take a ride to the river with me?\" \"Sorry, Grady, I have to work every day, Big George needs me, Saturday's the busiest for folks comin' here for barbeque.\" Idgie said nonchalantly. \"Well, all right then, but I'm going to have you coming fishing with me sometime, even if I have to pick you up and carry you on my back.\" Grady said, a leering look in his eyes. His hand couldn't help but reach over and touch her right hip, clad in that greasy apron. Idgie took a step back, rolling her eyes. Just then, the little bell sounded as the rickety door with the metal Coca-Cola sign opened. It was little Naughty-Bird Peavey, Big George's daughter. The seven-year-old girl rushed past the dining room and into the kitchen. Her grandmother's voice rang out in greeting. \"Naughty Bird, where are them brothers of yours, child? I haven't seen them all day, and if Artis doesn't show up by nightfall, his daddy's going to beat him silly!\" \"I don't know, Grandma, I haven't seen them. Are the biscuits done?\" \"Piping hot and ready to go!\" exclaimed the elderly woman. Naughty-Bird came out of the kitchen a moment later, two of her grandma's famous buttered biscuits in hand. She rushed toward Idgie, still standing at Grady's table. \"Hi Miss Idgie!\" \"Hi sweetheart,\" Idgie said warmly, putting an arm around the little girl, who was gulping down the last few bites of her first biscuit so that she could start on the second. Idgie was glad, the scrawny little dark-skinned girl needed to put meat on her bones. Naughty-Bird smiled up at Idgie. Her eyes caught Grady's gaze though, and she took a step back. In Naughty-Bird's experience, there were two different kinds of white people. The nice kind, who treated her as a person, and the not so nice kind. Idgie, Ruth, and all of the Threadgoodes, like Miss Ninny and her husband Cleo, were the nice kind. But that sheriff sitting there, and some of the other men who came to the café, were not the nice kind. They tended to look at her and her family like they didn't deserve to live on the same earth and breathe the same air that they did. \"Miss Idgie, there is going to be a circus coming to town next week!\" exclaimed Naughty Bird. \"I saw the posters! And there is going to be an elephant! A real live elephant! Her name is Miss Fancy! I saved some money and I want to go!\" Her huge dark eyes shone with delight. Idgie frowned. She couldn't bring herself to tell the child that the circus was for white children only. At least not here, not now. \"That is so nice, Naughty Bird,\" she said, her hand upon her shoulder. \"Say, how about you go back into your daddy and grandma's kitchen and help yourself to some of that peach pie?\" \"Okay!\" said Naughty-Bird. Her eyes darted over to Grady, who was sternly frowning at her. She felt that nervous feeling, so she turned away from him and went back into the hot steaming kitchen. \"Idgie, you shouldn't be handing out all that free food to them kids, you know.\" Grady told her. \"You know those people. You give 'em an inch, they'll take a mile. And then they start gettin' out of their place, and-\" \"Oh, shut up, Grady!\" She accompanied that statement with a grin. Grady took it as a flirtatious grin, and his hand started to reach out toward that right hip again. For some odd reason, Idgie's hand, which was usually adept at firmly handling the coffeepot, went limp. Hot, scalding coffee splashed on Grady's burly hand. \"Hey! Dammit Idgie! Be careful!\" \"Oops, sorry!\" said Idgie. \"Well, I gotta go. I'm taking a break. If you want something, tell Big George.\" Red-faced, Grady threw a handful of change on the table and stomped out of the café. Idgie took off her apron, and told Big George and Sipsey she was going to take a little break. She stepped out of the back door of the Whistle Stop Café and strolled into the heat of the Alabama summer. Looking at the back yard of the café, with its barbecue barrels and an ancient old picnic table, she wondered what old Smokey was doing. He hadn't shown up here for more than a month, and was worried about him. Oh, Smokey, I hope you make it back soon , she thought. She continued down the path, past the huge magnolia trees, the barbershop and general store. Finally, she arrived at the biggest house in Whistle Stop, the Threadgoode family home. It was still grand, with its huge, wraparound porch, and lovely early-summer flower bushes, started by Mama Threadgoode long ago- but the white paint was peeling and it seemed in need of work. Idgie bounded up the porch steps and opened the door. Inside, she found the two people who she cherished more than anything. Ruth, wearing a faded flowered dress, sat in a rocking chair with little Buddy in her lap. She was stroking his damp, caramel-blonde hair, and trying to keep them both cool in the hot humid air, fanning her lap with a large copy of Good Housekeeping magazine. \"Well, if it isn't my bee charmer,\" Ruth said, smiling brightly. ","Summary":" Can't Figure Her Out Movie: Fried Green Tomatoes The characters of Idgie, Grady, Ruth, Big George a"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"A Baby Story","Author":"LynnieB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7724657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own \"Fried Green Tomatoes\" or any of the characters. Please R&R.; A Baby Story By Lynnie Idgie Threadgoode came into the café to find Ruth staring blankly out the window. \"I thought I woulda found you at Momma's.\" As the door closed behind the blonde, Ruth Jamison jumped. Idgie furrowed her brows, \"Ruth? What's wrong?\" Ruth turned toward the calming voice and gave a small smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. She looked down and sighed. \"I-,\" Ruth got out before stopping and wringing her hands together. \"Idgie, sit down.\" Obeying, the young woman sat down. \"Ruth? You're scaring me.\" \"I don't know what we're going to do… A baby…\" \"A baby?\" Idgie gave a nervous chuckle. \"Did Grady put you up to this? I beat him at poker and he-\" \"A baby. I- we're…a… a baby.\" Ruth stood up and walked over to stand closer to the door, suddenly needing fresh air. Idgie sat there still processing what Ruth was telling her. Ruth alternately looked out the door and at the reeling face sitting at the table. As the information finally made it to those blue eyes Ruth bit her bottom lip. After a few moments, with Idgie not saying anything, Ruth slowly started back in her direction, but couldn't bring herself to close the final distance. \"Idgie, I know this isn't what you were thinking of when… Frank-,\" Ruth began to cry. Idgie rushed up to Ruth and wrapped her arms around her. \"-won't get near you or the baby. I promise you, Ruth, I'm going to take care of the both of you.\" Ruth felt Idgie gently wipe her tears away. \"I'm never going to let him, or anyone else, hurt you ever again. You know that, right?\" Ruth buried her face in Idgie's neck and nodded. After finally releasing the breath she'd been holding, Idgie dopped to her knees and placed her cheek against Ruth's still flat stomach. A full-fledged grin appeared on her face as she told no one and everyone, \"We're going to have a baby.\" ~Fin~ ","Summary":" I don't own \"Fried Green Tomatoes\" or any of the characters. Please R&R.; A Baby Story By Lynnie "},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Gotcha","Author":"missallyrose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8707098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"GRADY KILGORE, YOU NO GOOD DIRTY ROTTEN CHEAT!\" Nine-year-old Idgie Threadgoode set off running, a wooden gun in each hand and a spark in her eyes. Her husky friend took one glance at the blonde ball of fury rushing at him before he came to senses and ran for his life, his prior victory forgotten. \"OH NO YOU DON'T!\" Idgie leveled her weapon at the back of Grady's head and fired three shots. \"Bang! Bang! Bang!\" He knew her tricks too well, and had already veered left and out of the line of fire. He could practically feel the fumes radiating from her scrawny little body. \"THAT AIN'T FAIR! GET BACK HERE!\" Idgie pumped her legs, her tongue peeking between her teeth in concentration. But Grady was a big kid, almost thirteen, and though he was big, his legs were about twice the length of hers. Grady turned around, as quick as a whip, his pistol aimed straight and Idgie's chest. The disappointed and pouty Idgie had no choice but to die, although she sure wasn't going to make a big show about it. She picked herself up just about as soon as she hit the ground, and crossed her arms and sniffed for a bit, letting her scraggly hair hang around her face like a mop. \"Aw, c'mon Idgie, you cain't take it personal…\" Another little sniff. \"Idgie…please…I didn't mean nothin' by it.\" By this time the big ox that was Grady Kilgore had shoved his hands in his pocket and hung his head like any old schoolboy. \"Gotcha!\" Quick as a flash, Idgie whipped out her wooden weapon and had Grady trapped. \"Bang!\" With that, Grady clutched his chest and crumpled to the ground as Buddy Threadgoode stood laughing at his kid sister's cleverness, still confused about how he could've possibly been beaten by a girl . \"Grady Kilgore, you cheatin' bastard.\" Twenty-two-year-old Idgie smiled incredulously over her cards. Grady leaned back, the chair creaked. \"I cain't believe it…\" Her smile began to tremble as Grady laid his hand on the table. He had won the pot, and he began to collect his winnings, a grin on his face. Idgie sat there, awestruck, and then she crossed her arms stubbornly and looked at her lap, stewing over the loss of her money. \"Aw, c'mon, Idgie…\" Grady got up and sat beside Idgie, only to be met with the stubborn shake of her head. \"Ain't you gonna talk to me?\" He was again greeted by the sight of the back of her head. \"Idgie, please?\" She turned back to face him, that familiar Threadgoode spark in her eyes. He didn't even notice her hand sneaking into his pocket and pulling out the five of spades he had tucked in there during the game. She waved it sneakily in front of his face, and impish grin on hers. \"Gotcha!\" She gathered up the pot he had forgotten and sauntered out the door while everyone else burst into laughter. As Grady heard Julian's old Model T rev up and head back to the café, he tried to unravel the mystery that was Imogene Louise Threadgoode and realized that he never even begin. ","Summary":" \"GRADY KILGORE, YOU NO GOOD DIRTY ROTTEN CHEAT!\" Nine-year-old Idgie Threadgoode set off running,"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Heaven","Author":"fabfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7249945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Heaven Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Rating: PG Disclaimer: These characters belong to Fannie Flagg, Universal, etc. Not to me. Summary: Idgie finds out what heaven must feel like \"It's a boy!\" The words still rang in Idgie's head as she ran up the stairs, her friends and family at her heels. It had been a hell of a day. Ruth'd gone into labor, and Idgie was firmly told to stay downstairs and not get in the way. Idgie was not having any of that at first. That was the woman she loved and their child, there was no way she wasn't going to be up there with Ruth. Momma Threadgoode had given her a stern look and ordered her to stay downstairs, though. Sipsey had agreed and threatened to have Big George hold Idgie down if she tried to go up those stairs. So, Idgie had to wait down in the kitchen. Soon people started to show up, each of them offering her their well wishes and words of encouragement. Ruth would be just fine. No need to worry. Momma Threadgoode and Sipsey knew more about children than the whole town put together. Still, Idgie didn't like this waiting. She sure as hell didn't like having to be away from Ruth while she was giving birth to their baby. Grady and Eva tried to get her to think about other things. They asked her what names the couple had picked out and if she wanted a boy or a girl. Idgie didn't really care what kind of baby it was, just as long as it was healthy. As for names, they were going to name it after Ruth's mother if it was a girl and after Buddy if it was a boy. Grady and Eva tried to keep up with the questions, but Idgie only grew more and more nervous as time passed. They gave up after a while, and Grady offered his friend a drink from his flask. It was the first thing to make Idgie stop pacing around the room all day, but it only did the trick for a minute. Soon enough she was back to roaming the kitchen. So, when Ninny ran down the stairs pronouncing it was a boy, Idgie felt like passing out. Instead, she let out a big holler and took the cigar Grady handed to her. After Ruth and the baby got all cleaned up, Ninny let them go upstairs. Idgie ran up the stairs two at a time, using the banister to vault herself up the last step and around the corner. She raced down the hall to the room she was sharing with Ruth, but the second her toes touched the doorway, she abruptly stopped. It was like everything just came crashing down on top of her head. Ruth was in there. Ruth was in there with their baby boy. It was like getting hit by a train. Idgie tripped back a few steps and reached out to the wall for support. They had a baby boy. Her and Ruth had a baby. She had never expected to have anything like that. Especially not with Ruth. Sure, they had been living together ever since Ruth left that bastard, and Idgie had seen firsthand the way Ruth glowed and how her body began to change. She'd even felt the baby kick in Ruth's belly. But, this was different. She and Ruth actually had a baby. \"Idgie, you alright?\" Grady's voice bellowed in her ear. Idgie nodded, \"Yeah.\" \"Don't ya want to go inside?\" he hooked his thumb over his shoulder at the open door. Everyone else had already bunched inside the small room, packing in like sardines in a can. Idgie pushed away from the wall and took a few tiny cautious steps forward. She reached the doorway and leaned against the jamb, her gaze searching until she found familiar brown eyes, tired but filled with joy. She didn't hear as Sipsey shooed everyone out. She didn't feel everyone give her congratulatory pats on the back or squeezes on her shoulder. She didn't feel anything. All she could feel was pure happiness. Once everyone except Momma and Poppa Threadgoode had left the room, the grandparents still fawning over their new grandchild, Ruth looked up from the sleeping baby in her arms and smiled at Idgie. \"Hey, girl.\" she greeted exhaustedly. Idgie grinned and straightened up, \"Hey.\" Ruth shot her a coaxing look, \"You want to meet our son?\" Yes ma'am, she did. Idgie walked into the room, doing her best to not make a sound. She didn't want to wake up the sleeping child. She tiptoed up to the side of the bed and sank to her knees, unable to take her eyes off Buddy Jr, \"He's beautiful.\" \"Your Momma says he got your hair.\" Ruth whispered, \"I think she's right.\" He did have a shock of blonde hair whisping up from the top of his tiny head. Idgie hesitantly raised a hand, but paused. What if she broke him? Babies were so easy to hurt, and this one had just been born. \"It's ok, Idgie. You won't hurt him.\" Ruth knew exactly what was going through her mind. Idgie tenderly placed her hand on top of Buddy Jr's head, running her fingers softly through his hair, \"He's so small.\" She ran the tip of her finger across his cheek, chuckling when he scrunched up his face. She looked up at Ruth to find her watching the two of them lovingly. \"I love you.\" Idgie confessed. \"I love you, too.\" Ruth replied. As she stared at the tiny baby in Ruth's arms, Idgie thought this must be what heaven felt like. Cause there was no way she'd ever felt happier in her whole life than she did then with Ruth and Buddy Jr. ","Summary":" Title: Heaven Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Rating: PG Disclaime"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"The Ten Things I Love about You","Author":"Meredith Trainor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4807751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Ten Things I Love about You Summary: Ruth isn't good at expressing her feelings. But she is good at making lists. Rated K+ for femslash. Author's Note: I don't own Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe... but I'd love to go there someday. :( ------------------------------------------ \"Did you like it?\" Her voice was calm, with excited undertones as she wrung out the dishtowel for a third time. \"Oh Idgie, it was perfect!\" Earlier this morning, Ruth had found a vase of flowers, red and golden wildflowers, to be exact, sitting on her night-table, with the following poem attached. Roses may be red rnAnd violets may be bluernBut not of these damned flowersrnCan ever compare to yournHappy Birthday! Love, Your Bee Charmer Ruth had promptly flung off the covers, snatched up the poem, and run downstairs in her nightgown just to see Idgie. When she found her in the living room ironing a pair of pants, she flung her arms around the blonde, nearly toppling her over. Idgie almost dropped the iron, and Sipsey came running in with Buddy Jr. After the previously mentioned exchange took place, the four sat down to a wonderful breakfast of Ruth's favorite-- blackberry pancakes. Buddy Jr, aged two, flung food everywhere, and Idgie stayed behind to help clean up after him while Ruth headed over to the Cafe. While Ruth had a few solitary moments to herself, behind the shop counter, she put down the broom and took out the feather-quill they used for marking down expensive receipts. It hadn't been used in a week. She tried to write a poem. You're a great friendrn\"Great, now what rhymes with friend?\" She thought bitterly. \"End, mend, send, lend... none of these work! Scratch that, then\" You make me smile rn\"No, that's far too cheesy!\" She ripped the paper in half, then in fourths, eighths, and sixteenths. Then she cast the pieces into the fire. Ruth had to admit: she was hopeless at writing poetry. But, she contemplated thoroughly and matter-of-factly, \"I can write lists. But what good is that in love!?\" She was nearly about to give up, when she put pen to paper in a last final attempt. The Ten Things I Love about You 1. The way your eyes sparkle when you know a secret, and how you bite your lip to keep from telling me. (She always told in the end. Idgie couldn't keep a secret) 2. How I can always depend on you, even when I don't expect a miracle. Like that day when you came to get me from Frank's house. That house was hell, and yours is heaven. 3. The tenderness you show to Buddy Jr, as though he was your child -- no-- he IS your child, too. You've got just as much claim to him as I do. 4. The surprises you bring to my life... those nights when I have no idea where we'll end up at daybreak. (There hadn't been so many of those since the Cafe opened, but every now and then, on a Friday's eve, Idgie would surprise Ruth as was her custom) 5. The way you look at me when you think nobody's watching, and how I'm sometimes lucky enough to catch those glances. (Needless to say, this note was a private one) 6. The sweetness you show. You think you've got everyone fooled into thinking you're a tough and rumbling tomboy, Idgie Threadgoode, but I have my suspicions that there might be a real lady hiding inside you. 7. You're such a comfort whenever we're in danger. If I had to choose between you and a whole Army battalion, I'd choose you, because I know you'd never leave Buddy and me. 8. The way you're not afraid of what people think of you. I used to think that was one of your faults, but now I see how far that mentality has gotten you, and I envy you of that. 9. The passion and zeal you've brought into my life. It's not just your crazy antics, but every cause you take. I didn't question the place of the Negro in society before you came, and now I see them as people of equal standing. 10. Last but certainly not least, I love the way you love me. I've loved you since that summer I finally convinced you to spend some time with me. I love your stubbornness, your non-conformity, your nonsense, your tall tales, your vices like drinking and gambling! I love your smile, your laugh, your face even when it's stained with tears, your voice. rnMostly, I love you, Idgie Threadgoode. Ruth set the pen down shakily. She'd been writing so fast and so furiously she hadn't noticed another person entering the Whistle Stop. Hadn't even felt another person's presence right behind her. \"Whatcha writin', Ruthie\" \"A list, just a list.\" It was no good. Idgie would hear the lie in her voice. \"A list of what\" \"Well... well... it's a list of...\" At that moment, Sipsey came through the door, carrying Buddy Jr, who was squalling for his mother. Saved! \"Oh, baby, come here, precious!\" She took him into her arms. But when she went back behind the counter, the list was gone, and Idgie had already begun to set out napkins and silverware for the first morning customers. Ruth gave up, and went to take orders. \"A piece of blueberry pie for you? And a coffee? Will that be all, gentlemen? Thank you.\" It wasn't until much later, around 2:00, when the Cafe finally slowed. There was nobody in the booths, and only Smokey at the bar. Idgie poured him a glass of Scotch, and he blessed her, the poor dear. Ruth sat down beside him and asked him if he wanted her to read to him. He loved hearing her read the Psalms. So she opened her bible to Psalm 92, and read aloud. rn\"It is good to give thanks to the Lord, to sing praise to your name, Most High\" Idgie stopped washing dishes to listen for a moment, and became mesmirized by the voice. \"To proclaim your love in the morning, your faithfulness at night.\" As she read on, Idgie was envious of her easy ability to sort out the letters on the page as if they were mere trifles. It would have taken Idgie nearly a whole minute to read those two sentences. A poem like the one she'd written yesterday took her nearly twenty minutes. Perhaps that was why Ruth valued it so much, she reflected bitterly. \"If only I'd stayed in school.\" Ruth was teaching Idgie some, but an hour here and there wasn't a very good educative practice. \"Idgie! Imogene!\" That woke her from a daydream, for sure. \"Are you alright? You were just looking out the window. Come on, there's work to be done.\" Then she paused for a moment, as though unsure if she wanted to continue. \"And, Idgie, have you seen that list I made this morning? I do declare, it just walked off on me!\" She laughed nervously. Idgie crossed her arms and leaned back on her heels. \"Nope, ain't seen it, Ruthie. Why can'tcha make another\" Ruth was hedged in. \"Yes, I suppose I'll have to. Thanks anyway, Idgie\" And they returned to their separate tasks. It was late at night, and Idgie still had the oil lamp lit in her bedroom. Ruth saw the light under her door and went to stand beside it. From inside she heard a faint sound. Then again... she listened closely. \"That. h-house... was. hell. and. yours. is. h-heaven.\" rnRuth stood petrified. So she did have the note! She clutched her throat involuntarily, struggling to remember what had come before that. What was number one? Well, no matter, she remembered what came next. Slowly, cautiously, she turned the old door handle, and pushed ever-so-slightly on the wood. It slid open without a sound, and the next minute she was standing in the room, and Idgie was laboring over a word. \"The. t-ten tender tenderness! you. show. Buddy Jr. as. t-though. he. was. your. child.\" Idgie's voice became thick with tears. But, out of the darkness, another voice continued for her. rn\"No. He is your child, too. You've got just as much claim to him as I do.\" It was Ruth! Idgie would have known that voice among a thousand others. \"Number four. The surprises you bring to my life... those nights when I have no idea where we'll end up by daybreak\" Ruth walked closer and closer, now she stood beside Idgie, and placed her hand on the blonde's shoulder. \"Number five.\" Idgie read a little. \"The. way. you. look. at. me. when. you. t-think. n-nobody's. watching.\" Ruth picked up, \"And how I'm sometimes lucky enough to catch those glances\" Idgie and Ruth continued to read the note, until \"Number ten. Last. but. c-certainly. not. least, oh Ruthie you read it, it's too long.\" There was hunger in Idgie's voice. Ruth knelt beside her and read in her strong, sweet voice. \"I love the way you love me. I've loved you since that summer I finally convinced you to spend some time with me.\" She looked up at Idgie's face, the picture of delight. \"I love your stubbornness, your non-conformity, your nonsense, your tall tales, your vices like drinking and gambling!\" They laughed together. \"I love your smile, your laugh, your face even when it's stained with tears, your voice.\" And Idgie surprised her again. She might not have been the best reader, Ruth would reminisce later, but she was a damn good kisser. When they finally parted, Ruth began the last line, but Idgie beat her to it. \"Mostly,\" rn\"I love you, Ruth Jamison.\" -------------------------------------------------------------- Author's Note: If you liked it, or hated it, please review. Join the review revolution! ","Summary":" The Ten Things I Love about You Summary: Ruth isn't good at expressing her feelings. But she is goo"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Towanda's Battle","Author":"civilwarrose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8045602","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The characters of Evelyn and Edward belong to Fannie Flagg's novel Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Café, and the 1991 film based on it. Towanda's Battle Fried Green Tomatoes Evelyn Couch had done a fairly good job this week. On Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday she had done Jane Fonda's workout video, 45 minutes each, sweating with effort at the aerobic dance moves and crunches that followed. She even wore leg warmers like Jane did, but she'd get so sweltering hot five minutes into it she'd take them off. She did wish that Jane had picked better music for the video, though. On Monday and Friday she had taken a long walk down her shady suburban street, admiring Mrs. Jackson's daffodils and smiling at the Fosters' yippy little terrier. She even had a Sony Walkman with her as she'd strolled along, listening to her favorite Diana Ross cassette. She had to admit, she felt hip. She had eaten fairly decently, counting calories to 1200 or 1300 every day. A piece of whole wheat toast and an orange for breakfast. Salad with chicken or vegetable soup and Rye Crisp Crackers with cottage cheese for lunch. Limited portions of the suppers she made for Ed. Numerous glasses of water with a lemon thrown in for taste. It was Saturday morning. Her husband, Edward, had gotten up and was flipping channels looking for the U of A's football playoff. But before Evelyn could get coffee and fix him a little breakfast- oh my God- Ed, please don't ask me to make you sausage - she agonized- she had to do it. She had to go step on the bathroom scale. The plump, pleasant looking housewife of forty-eight years took off her floral robe and made certain she was wearing the absolute lightest nightgown she owned. She padded lightly to the bathroom, and her feet found themselves carefully poised before that little, square piece of avocado-green metal. She took a deep breath, and stepped one foot lightly on it. She put one hand on the sink while she slowly, gingerly set her other foot on the cold little contraption. She closed her eyes. She slowly let go of the sink. Evelyn opened her eyes. It was a good week, it was a good week! Come on Evie! The little numbers spun. 185. What is wrong with this? Huh? The tiny red line was set squarely between 180 pounds and 190 pounds. No. Just, no. Evelyn's face started to flush crimson with anger. She hopped off the scale and stepped on again, a little quicker this time. This time, the little red line went past 185, just a hair. In a swift moment, Evelyn, her eyes filled with tears of frustration, bent down and gripped the little green scale with her hands, and shook it until it rattled. She ceased being Evelyn that moment. It was time for Towanda. Towanda the Avenger was the righter of wrongs, the champion of all frustrated women in America. Towanda would set little bombs within dirty magazines, set to explode when men opened them. Towanda would perform much-necessary surgery on rapists. She would destroy breast cancer and ovarian cancer for eternity. She would require that all fashion models weigh no less than 135. She would ban uncomfortable support hose, and declare that brassieres must be made with stretchy cotton only, no under-wiring. Towanda was a heroine. Towanda was now smashing the little bathroom scale against her seashell-print curtained window. CRASH! The window shattered. Finally, she had broken a hole in the window big enough to shove the scale through. It landed with a thump in the backyard outside. \"EVELYN! What the hell?\" Ed rushed into the bathroom, a confused look on his face. When he saw the broken window, he threw his hands up and hollered at the top of his lungs. \"You broke the window, Evelyn! What the blazes has gotten into you, honey? You wanna destroy this whole house? Are you goin' crazy?\" Towanda left and Evelyn returned, looking dazed and agonized at her husband. She burst into sobs. \"Oh, Ed... I'm sorry! I... I threw the scale out the window! I didn't lose any weight this week and I'm so sick of my damn diet!\" The stout man with thick dark hair, turning salt and pepper at the sideburns, stood looking at his wife in confusion, then he started to grin in amusement. \"Well, Evie, I'm kinda sick of your damn diet too. I really hate that rabbit food you've been makin' lately. Can I take you out for breakfast? They have healthy stuff at Denny's if you ask.\" Evelyn snatched some pink toilet paper from the nearby roll and wiped her eyes. \"Oh, Ed, but the window's going to cost us a couple hundred dollars to fix! How can you think of going out to eat now? What about the game on TV?\" \"I know who's going to win that football game anyway, honey.\" He stepped forward toward Evelyn and wrapped her in his meaty arms in a tight squeeze. She avoided his eyes, still ashamed of her behavior, but he sought her face and pressed his lips to hers. She was surprised at the loving attitude he suddenly showed. He wasn't angry! It made her feel a passion for him that she hadn't felt in quite a while. After they broke the kiss, Ed gave a side glance to the window and grinned at her. \"Aw, heck, I'll put a screen in. You're always complaining you're too hot at night- whaddya call it, night flashes?\" \"Hot flashes.\" Evelyn giggled girlishly. Ed had really come around lately. Ever since Evelyn's friendship with Mrs. Threadgoode, she had gained some purpose in her dismal life, and her empty-nest depression and menopausal gloom had brightened a bit. She'd had a happy week, but the setback with her diet was still a struggle- she'd only lost three pounds in the first month- and this morning was a bit of an emotional backslide. Still, the remedies that Ninny suggested had worked. She was feeling more energetic. More alive. And most of all, Ninny had taught Evelyn that her life was not over yet. Why, she could have forty... fifty more years if she wanted. And the \"new Evelyn\" with her newfound attitude and spunk, had sparked a noticeable change in Ed. He was more attentive to her lately. More...romantic. \"It's our anniversary next weekend. Twenty five years. Where do you want to go?\" he asked. Evelyn smiled. \"Well, I always want to visit Mrs. Threadgoode every Saturday, but after I visit her, we could go to Birmingham and get a hotel room. I have always wanted to go to an off-Broadway play. I know, doesn't sound like fun to you, Ed, but... it's always been something I have wanted to do.\" Ed embraced Evelyn even tighter. \"Sounds like a fine idea,\" he agreed. He started to pull her toward the white chenille-covered bed, and they climbed in. It was a nice, lazy Saturday morning, after all. They had until later that afternoon to make their weekly visit to Rose Terrace Nursing Home. Ed took the reciever off the rotary-dialed phone. He resumed kissing Evelyn, who in his eyes was more beautiful every year, while the U of A football playoff droned on from the TV down the hall. A.N. This was a fun writing exercise I did all in one morning! Evelyn's a fun and real character, I had to do something on her. No offense to the lovely Kathy Bates, I have no idea how much she weighed in the movie, I am going by the book where Evelyn said she wore a size 16. I absolutely cannot relate to Evelyn's dieting struggle at all. No way. :P ","Summary":" The characters of Evelyn and Edward belong to Fannie Flagg's novel Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whis"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Guilt and Vows","Author":"fabfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7430695","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Guilt and Vows Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (Movie) Rating: PG (A few swear words) Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. Summary: What happened after Frank left town? Idgie stared out the window into the nighttime darkness. She lifted the lit cigarette to her mouth and inhaled deeply, drawing in the smoke and holding it inside until it burned her lungs like a fire. Then, she let the white trail out slowly from her lips. She leaned against the wall beside the window. Her eyes lingered on the empty dirt road that ran in front of the house. The same dirt road Frank Bennet must have drove in on. She took another drag of her Camel. It made her insides twist up into a knotted ball when she thought of that bastard walking into her home and threatening Ruth and Buddy Jr. That sonofabitch wasn't going to get anywhere near them. She'd kill him first. She hadn't lied the day she took Ruth back to Whistlestop. She'd told him she'd do it, and she would. Hell, she'd wanted a chance at him ever since she saw that bruise on Ruth's face. Idgie swallowed roughly and twirled the burning stick of ash and tobacco between her fingers. She glanced down at it and felt a stinging at the corner of her eyes. She pursed her lips and fought it off. She wasn't going to cry. Not her. But, she couldn't stop the fact that Ruth's husband had entered her house and she couldn't do anything about it. She wasn't even home when it happened. Ruth and Buddy Jr were left with no one but Sipsey and Smokey Lonesome to do anything about it. Where had she been? At the cafe with Grady playing poker and talking about nothing. Instead of being home with the woman she loved and their little boy, she'd been out having a good time. Guilt tore at her, and she raised the cigarette back to her mouth, needing it to help calm down the raging emotions going through her mind. Ruth and Buddy could have been hurt, and she wouldn't have even known until it was too late. All she could do was come back home to find Ruth holding Buddy, scared and worried because Frank had told her he was coming back for them. As Idgie finished her cigarette and stared out the window, she didn't notice Ruth standing in the doorway watching her. Ruth could feel the tension pouring off of Idgie like a tidal wave. It was nearing midnight, and normally they would be in bed asleep. After Frank left, they'd put Buddy down and went about their routine. She was still rattled from Frank being there, but having Idgie nearby made her feel slightly better. Idgie climbed into bed with her and held her, silently soothing her. But then, after about an hour, Idgie'd gotten up and left the room. Ruth could hear her amble down the hall and stop a short distance away. She must have been looking in on Buddy. Then, her footsteps started again until she walked downstairs. The bed felt cold and empty the second Idgie'd clambered out of it, and Ruth felt a shiver of fear race down her spine in the absence. Frank's face flashed in her mind, and she crawled out of bed, checking in on the baby before searching out the other woman. She walked slowly up to Idgie and rested a hand softly on her back, \"Are you alright?\" Idgie stubbed her cigarette out and let the last bit of smoke trip out of her mouth, \"I'm fine.\" Her voice was normal, but Ruth'd known her long enough to know that was a lie, \"What're you doing up?\" Ruth rubbed a tiny circle with her thumb, Idgie's nightshirt crinkling at the movement, \"Looking for you.\" Idgie frowned, \"I didn't wake you, did I?\" \"No, but I don't like sleeping by myself.\" She attempted to peer around to Idgie's face, \"Why'd you leave?\" Idgie bent her head, \"Just needed a smoke, that's all.\" If that was all, Idgie wouldn't be trying to hide her face. For a liar, she sure wasn't doing a good job at it, \"Idgie...\" The younger woman turned and stared with such intensity Ruth felt it in her bones, \"I won't let nothing happen to you or our son. I swear I won't. I'd die first.\" \"I know.\" it wasn't a secret that Idgie would do anything for her and Buddy. Hell, she'd saved them from Frank and brought them home to Whistlestop. Idgie wasn't finished, though, \"Frank Bennett won't do nothing to you. I'd kill him before he could.\" Her eyes scrunched as she worked to hold back her emotions. She didn't need to upset Ruth with them, \"You and Buddy are safe here.\" with me. \"I know. I believe you.\" Ruth let her hand fall to her side and laced her fingers with Idgie's. She ran the pad of her thumb over Idgie's knuckles. \"I don't want you to do anything crazy.\" Idgie was the type to go off, damn the consequences. Idgie shook her head, \"If he ever comes back here...\" Ruth squeezed her hand, \"What's wrong?\" There was more in that voice than bravado. There was genuine remorse. Idgie didn't say anything. \"Idgie, what's bothering you, honey? This ain't just about Frank.\" Lord knows she was as scared as she'd ever been. Seeing Frank again and knowing he saw Buddy Jr sent bolts of terror through her. But, Idgie was feeling more than that, and she wasn't fooling Ruth one bit. \"Don't tell me nothing, either. I'm not stupid, Idgie.\" \"I know you're not stupid.\" Idgie mumbled, dropping her head. Ruth put her finger under Idgie's chin and lifted it, \"Tell me.\" Idgie blinked, a sheen in her blue orbs, \"I wasn't here.\" Ruth frowned. Idgie sniffed, \"I was out while that bastard was trying to take our son.\" She pursed her lips, \"It won't happen again.\" Ruth sighed and pulled her into a hug, \"Oh, honey. It's alright. It wasn't your fault. You didn't know.\" \"I'll be there.\" Idgie vowed. A few months later when Big George showed up at the follies Idgie was participating in, the moment he got across that something was wrong with Buddy Jr, and it had to do with Frank Bennett, she was running as fast as she ever had out of the building and down the road toward the house. She was going to be there to protect her family. ","Summary":" Title: Guilt and Vows Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (Movie) Rating: PG (A few swear "},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Scene Outtake: Smokey Lonesome Meets Buddy Jr","Author":"Meredith Trainor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4872626","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fried Green Tomatoes Scene Out-take: Smokey Lonesome Meets Buddy Jr. Disclaimer: I do not own Fried Green Tomatoes, or else I would be one rich woman. It was a nice spring day when I first came back to Whistle Stop. I'd been a'journeyin' roundabouts those places nearby, but never wanderin' more'n twenty miles each way. I couldn' bear to be much far from Ruth and Idgie and Big George and Cipsey and all my friends at the little ol' town. I guess you might call it a weakness, but a man's gotta have someplace to call home. Wal now, I reckon I'd better tell you somethin' bout who I am and where I come from. M'name's Smokey, Smokey Lonesome. It isn't really, but my old name from Missouri is much too formal. Back then I was called Roger Marlbury. Too fancy for the likes of me, if'n you ask me. Wal, I left home round the Dust Bowl time, when Ma 'n Pa started to worry 'bout how we was gonna get food and how the little ones could keep goin' to school. Didn't say nothin' to 'em bout where I was goin', just packed up a suitcase with clothes and put some food in a rucksack. I left all my money, weren't nothin' but four dollars and fifty cents, but I left it for Ma to buy somethin' for the kids. Now, that's a long long time ago, and when I first come to Whistle Stop, it was near bout a year later. I was wanderin', allus wanderin' like the rest of us hoboes are destined to do. Never stayed in one place for more'n a week… not till I met Idgie and Miss Ruth, that is. I was follerin' the railroad tracks and cravin' a good cigar, although I'd given 'em up back home cause they were too 'spensive. Anyways, I saw the prettiest sight I'd ever seen: a quaint little café with a green roof and red lettering, the Whistle Stop Café. In the morning light it looked like the Pearly Gates themselves. I could tell from the way it was lovingly situated that some good angels lived there. It didn't even have the hobo sign for \"good people free meal here\" on the fence, but it didn't need it. I could see clear as day that the people in this charmin' place wouldn't turn a body away empty. So I meekly went up to the door and knocked twice. \"Come on, in, no need to knock!\" came a friendly call, laughing at something or other goin' on inside. I opened the door and stepped inside. It looked even better'n I imagined it. You ever heard the story of Hansel and Gretel? Wal now, they found this house made outta gingerbread and candies, like licorice for gutters and gumdrops for facets and whatnot. Well I tell you now, I never believed that ol' fairytale till I stepped in the Whistle Stop Café. That there place was the coziest gingerbread house you could imagine. And the best thing is that, you see, in the story, it were a wicked witch that lived in the house, but in Whistle Stop it were four o' the kindest people I ever laid eyes on. There was Cipsey, the black waitress and cook, who smiled at me with surprisingly white teeth and beckoned me come on in, and have some breakfast. There was Big George, the hired hand, who clapped me on the back and said, \"Course we'd love to have you! Sit on down and rest yo'self, Mistuh.\" His voice carried the slang of the plantation Negro, but he was educated and strong, and I saw how gently he treated his little niece. There was Idgie Threadgoode, the most boyish girl I'd ever seen, who could drink and play poker most better than I could, and scared the daylights out of the big black sharecroppers who made a fuss in the backyard. I could see she was daring, and fiercely protective of Miss Ruth and little Buddy Jr. But there was more, she could see things. She saw how I needed the drink, how my muscles needed to relax or I'd take a fit like I use'ta back home. The doctors, they called it a see-sure, but I dunno what that all means 'cept that I have to take a reg'lar drink. She saw what I needed, and she warn't ashamed to drink with me. She told some pretty tall whoppers, too, and we traded stories back 'n forth. I had some a the best durn times with that Idgie. Then, there was Miss Ruth. She asked me to call her just Ruth, but I couldn't do that no more than I could call the preacher by his first name. She was that holy. I seen how Idgie called her Ruthie, and Dear, and Sweetheart, but I couldn't even bring myself to drop the Miss. She was some good angel, come from heaven to a poor soul. I could joke and laugh with Idgie, but around Miss Ruth I was on pins and needles, watching my every move, trying my best to impress her. I saw her baby, the most beautiful young'un I ever seen, and I knew right then and there that if I had to, I could die for that boy and his mother. I had a feeling Idgie felt the same way, there was just somethin' so loveable about Miss Ruth and Buddy Jr. She taught at the church school, and sometimes she let me keep Buddy while she were out for an hour or so. One such time, Idgie came home first, and sat me down for a drink. She then told me the story of Frank Bennett, the \"bastard\" she called him after she first told me his name. \"And then, no more than a few days after they're married, he goes and hits her, the bastard!\" she spat over her shoulder, \"And I drive by there a coupla weeks later, to see her with a black eye and her arms all bruised up from where he's draggin' her around. And I tell her to come home with me, that I'm gonna kill the bastard. But she tole me to leave, if I love her, and go away in peace. I tell you, Smokey, it were the hardest thing I ever done, to walk away from Ruthie when she was hurting and needed my help. But I could see that two women were no match for the bastard, and so I go home, and I ask my friend over at the club what I'm supposed to do. And she tells me,\" Idgie laughed a little, \"tells me to bide my time, because Ruth's a grown woman, and can take care of herself. Well she didn't see the marks on her face and her arms! And Lord only knows what else the bastard was doing to her…\" Idgie breathed in deep, \"Well a week after that, a letter come. Mama read it to me, the obituary from where Ruth's mama had died. I knew her mama was the only thing keepin' her with that bastard, and besides there was a page torn outta Ruthie's Bible, that said \"And Ruth said, 'Wherever you go, I'll go…\" so I knew she'd come with me this time. So I brought Big George and my friend Fred with me, and we took the truck to get Ruth. \"When we pulled up, I told the boys to wait outside, I had to talk to Ruthie. She told me she was pregnant. I told her to come with me, and we'd take care of her baby back in Whistle Stop. She agreed, and we got ready to go. Well, just as we were carryin' a few more bags--I swear, that girl has more hats than anybody I've ever met-- the bastard come home from work. He pulled Ruth away and hit her, and I lost it. I lost control, and I attacked him. I jumped on his back and laid it on him six or seven times before he could throw me off. Then he grabbed Ruth and threw her over his shoulder, and headed upstairs. But Fred said loudly, \"I wouldn't go that, if I were you.\" And Big George pulled out his huntin' knife, so Fred said, \"You might upset Big George, and he's crazy. Ain't no tellin' what he might do.\" Well, he got the threat sure enough, and he put Ruth down on the stairs. And I held out my hand for her, and she started to walk, very slowly, to me. But that bastard wasn't done hurting her yet. He kicked her hard, down the stairs, and she landed at my feet. Big George had to hold Fred back, or he'd a killed him then and there. As for me, I screamed at the bastard as we left, \"If you ever touch her again, I'll kill you,\" and we went home. Papa borrowed some money, and we started up the Café. And here we are!\" She exclaimed brightly. \"Buddy Jr. was born, and we all thanked God for that, and we haven't had any trouble from that bastard in all these months.\" And that seemed to be the bad luck, to tempt bad fortune. Y'all know what happened after that, where Frank Bennett came back for his wife and child, and I couldn' let him take Ruth's baby. And wal, afterwards, we thought it'd be better if I left town. So I left for four years, and then came back. And here I was, looking down at the spittin' image of Ruth, and I told him so. \"Buddy Threadgoode Junior,\" he said, holding out his hand. I shook it, and found to my delight he was a sturdy little thing, no more'n five years old but already sprightly and energetic. He walked me back to the Café as we talked. Or, more like he asked me questions and I answered. \"What's your name?\" \"Smokey. Smokey Lonesome.\" \"How'd you come to Whistle Stop?\" \"I walked, and road the rails a piece.\" \"Where'd ya come from?\" \"Jackson, Mississippi.\" \"Why Whistle Stop?\" \"I remembered a friend of mine that lives here.\" \"Who's that?\" \"Your mother.\" \"Do you know Aunt Idgie too?\" \"I do, and Big George and Cipsey too.\" \"Cool! You're practically family, then.\" And how it warmed my heart to hear him say that. \"I'd rather have you than Grand-daddy Preacher, he pinches my cheeks and calls me Little Jim. My name is not Jim,\" he said, to make sure I knew. \"Wal now, I reckon your name's Buddy Junior, ain't it?\" \"Yep, but he says I'm a Jim cause nobody thought my Mama would be able to have me, so I'm extra precious.\" \"You sure are, but that ain't no reason to change your name.\" \"Zactly! Glad you agree, Mister.\" And he slipped his little hand into mine, and my heart melted for this little boy I had once defended. We'd reached the Café by this point, and he opened the door for me, little as he was. \"Hey Aunt Idgie! I made a friend!\" \"Smokey!\" She exclaimed, her eyes wider'n tea cups. \"Hey now, Idgie Threadgoode, I reckon it's been too long since I been in Whistle Stop.\" \"Sure has, Smokey! So good to see you!\" And then she came out of the kitchen, Miss Ruth did, and saw me with her boy. She broke out a beautiful, angelic smile, and Buddy dropped my hand and ran to his mother. \"Mama! Look, I met Mr. Smokey, your old friend!\" \"Yes, darling, I see you have. Well, Smokey, it's good to have you back home.\" \"Thankee kindly, ma'am.\" \"Now, are you hungry? We're not crowded since it's just now four o'clock.\" \"And even if we were packed full, you'd get a plate!\" burst Idgie. \"True enough, Idgie.\" \"Wal now, ma'am, even iffen I were stuffed fit to burst, I'd have to squeeze room for a fried green tomato from the Whistle Stop Café.\" \"You like those?\" Buddy rounded on me, \"They're my favorite, too!\" \"Sure enough, I reckon.\" And there was a plate before me faster'n you could say \"Amen.\" Which Miss Ruth did say in a blessing before I ate. \"Mmm, this's the best barbecue in three states, I'll say. Ain't nothin' like it in Missouri, Georgia, or Mississippi.\" \"You must agree with Mr. Sloop here,\" said Idgie sharply, gesturing in a joke to a girly-looking man in the far window booth. \"He's been looking for the same man for five years; awful persistent he is, but he sure loves our barbecue.\" We all laughed at that for some reason, and soon enough I was back in my old shed behind the café. Whistle Stop never felt so good as when I'd been fed by Cipsey, clothed by Miss Ruth, given drink by Idgie, and made up a cot by Big George. But more than the physical comforts, these dear souls gave me the feeling of being a man again, and not a tramp. Buddy Jr. shared that same good spirit, and he and I grew to be close friends in the months that followed. Yessir, Whistle Stop was my only home. Come on and rate and review, y'hear? ","Summary":" Fried Green Tomatoes Scene Out-take: Smokey Lonesome Meets Buddy Jr. Disclaimer: I do not own Fried"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Waiting and Wondering","Author":"fabfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7956398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Waiting and Wondering Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (Movie) Rating: G Disclaimer: Not mine. Owned by NBC Universal, Fannie Flag, Jon Avenet, etc. Spoilers: Um…the movie? Summary: Idgie might act like everything was fine, but Ruth had to find out what was going on. Note: Based on a scene that was not in the original theatrical release but is on the special edition DVD. If you don't have that version…what's wrong with you? Go get it! Ruth sat on the porch swing, the Birmingham News open across her lap. The front page spouted off about a recent Klan flogging and the court date being postponed, but Ruth wasn't reading about that. Actually, she wasn't reading the newspaper at all. She couldn't concentrate on the printed words long enough to get the gist of the story. She knew something was wrong. Ever since Frank showed up and saw the baby, Ruth had been terrified he would come back and take him away. She never wanted Buddy Jr to ever meet Frank. Her little boy deserved so much better than an evil abusive man. She thought she could raise him in Whistlestop, surrounded by people who loved him, and with Idgie. Idgie loved Buddy Jr like he was her own, and in every way it counted, he was her child. She helped to take care of him, worked to bring in money to feed him, and told him wild stories that made Ruth smile and shake her head at their audacity. Ruth might not have known it before, but the moment she learned she was pregnant and Idgie came riding in to rescue her from Frank, she knew there was no one else on this earth she wanted to raise a child with. They were a family now, and Ruth thanked God everyday for blessing her with Buddy Jr and Idgie. Then, Frank showed up with his Klan friends – the reason why she was attempting to read about the Klan trial – and saw Buddy. She protected the baby as well as she could with Sipsey and Smokey Lonesome, but Frank threatened to come back. When Idgie showed up from her night out gambling with Grady, Ruth told her what happened. Idgie promised to not do anything, but they both knew it was a lie. Idgie would protect them even if it meant doing something crazy. Idgie was a passionate being, and Ruth knew she would do anything for their family. When they went to bed that night after putting Buddy down, Idgie held her and Ruth felt for a moment that everything would be ok. Idgie wouldn't let Frank near the baby again. She would get Grady and the rest of the men in town to make sure of that, and they'd make sure Idgie didn't get hurt, either. Soon after, she went away for one of Reverend Scroggins' Revivals. The instant she was back in town, she knew something had happened. No one would say anything about it to her, but things had changed. Sipsey had a look in her eye and always found a way to leave whenever Ruth showed up, whether it be to the back of the kitchen to cook more chicken or outside to bring Big George a glass of lemonade. Big George was boiling hogs earlier than normal, and he just stayed quiet whenever Ruth was by him. Smokey Lonesome had left town in the middle of the night. Then, there was Idgie. Her sweet Idgie was always talking, telling stories and cracking jokes. But now it seemed like she was trying too hard. Idgie was always up for a good tall tale, but Ruth knew her. Idgie was hiding something from her. She could tell in the way Idgie would get quiet when she thought no one else was in the café. Late at night when they were in bed, Idgie would kiss her, but the kisses were different. It was like the first few times they kissed after they returned from Valdosta. Ruth was nervous and worried. Did something happen while she was gone? Maybe Frank had shown back up and threatened to take Buddy away again. She couldn't let that happen. She wouldn't. Not her child. With these thoughts in mind, Ruth sat on the porch swing and waited for Idgie to close the café and come home. The sheriff from Georgia – Curtis Smoote – was still there eating barbecue. Idgie had volunteered to stay behind and urged Ruth to head on home. That was another thing that was strange. When Curtis Smoote showed them a picture of Frank, Idgie had done her best to act like it didn't matter, but Ruth saw her eyes when she turned to walk away. Idgie was lying again, and not just about him being run over by a Brinks armored truck. A sigh of relief burst out as Ruth spotted Idgie ambling down the road from the café. Idgie grinned happily at her, but Ruth couldn't smile back. Not with all the worry she had inside. Idgie sat down and Ruth moved to lean her head on the other woman's shoulder like she usually would, but she stopped short. Idgie might act like everything was fine, but Ruth had to find out what was going on. She glanced up at those blue eyes she loved so well and asked what Curtis Smoote wanted. Idgie looked at her and replied that the man had said that was the best damn barbecue he ever had. Ruth pulled back a little so she could look at Idgie's face better. She always knew when Idgie was lying or bluffing. More than once she had heard Grady mumbling to his friends about asking Ruth for help during the weekly poker nights. Idgie was lying to her. Ruth stared hard at Idgie and asked if that was all. Idgie stared back at her for a second, and Ruth swore she saw a flash of something in her gaze. Then, that charming grin appeared and Idgie replied that he liked the pie too. Ruth knew Idgie was lying. It hurt that Idgie would lie so much to her. The only thing that hurt worse was that she had a horrible feeling it had to do with Frank and that sheriff. As Idgie leaned into her and put her arm across the back of the swing, Ruth rested her head on the comfortable shoulder and closed her eyes. She would have to do something. To protect both Buddy Jr and Idgie. ","Summary":" Title: Waiting and Wondering Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (Movie) Rating: G Disclai"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Car Rides and Oysters","Author":"fabfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7156025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Car Rides and Oysters Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Rating: PG Disclaimer: I do not own these characters Summary: Ruth and Idgie's drive back home from Georgia \"Are you sure you're alright?\" Idgie watched Ruth nod silently. The other woman hadn't spoken a word since they left that bastard Frank Bennett's place, and that had been nearly an hour ago. Idgie's teeth grit as she remembered seeing that no good sonofabitch hit Ruth. She should have killed him the second she found out. She had wanted to alright. When she saw that bruise on Ruth's face, she had wanted to march right into that house and show that man what happens when you hurt Ruth. Course, Ruth had stopped her and told her to go home. Idgie did, but that didn't mean she forgot. No sir. So, when she got that bible verse she drove out as fast as she could with Julian and Big George. They packed up Ruth's things and got the hell out of there. Not before Frank had hit Ruth and kicked her down the stairs, but Idgie'd given him a taste of what she'd do if he ever touched her again. She'd driven off, but after a few minutes she pulled over and had Julian take over the steering duties. Instead, she had slipped into the back, coaxing Ruth along with her. Idgie about hopped out of the car to finish what she started with Frank when she felt Ruth still shaking, but stayed because Ruth needed her and she wasn't about to let her down. Not again. Idgie's train of thought came to a screeching halt when a soft finger gently wiped at her nose. She glanced over to see Ruth staring at her with concern. \"You're still bleeding.\" Ruth spoke quietly. Idgie roughly ran the back of her hand across her nose. It must have happened when she was fighting that bastard. She hadn't even noticed, \"I'm ok.\" Ruth bit her trembling lip, \"He hurt you.\" Idgie shook her head and leaned in closer, throwing her arm over the back of the seats, \"Me? Naw, not me.\" She flashed a charming grin. Ruth's eyes sparkled for a second at the familiar smile, but it quickly dimmed, \"I'm sorry, Idgie.\" \"Hey now, why would you say that?\" Idgie frowned. \"Ain't no need for you to be sorry. That bastard, he needs to be sorry. Not you.\" Ruth sighed quietly and turned away from the blonde. She seemed to hunch in on herself, hiding her face from Idgie. She shivered as a hand tenderly brushed against her cheek. \"Idgie…\" she breathed out, lightly biting her lip in regret. It was because of her that Idgie was hurt. There was even a small patch of blood on her white shirt from where it had dripped from her nose. It was because of her that they were all in this mess at all. Now there was a baby, too. \"Did I ever tell you the story about the oysters?\" Ruth's brows knit together in confusion, the question seeming to come out of nowhere and bringing her out of her thoughts. She blinked and peeked over at Idgie. The younger woman was staring at her, the corners of her mouth hinting with uncertainty. Idgie was nervous, not knowing what to say exactly, but knowing she needed to say something. She just wanted to make Ruth forget about whatever was going through her mind. Ruth was the nicest person Idgie had ever met. There was no one else better on this earth than Ruth Jamison. Sometimes, though, she could be so damn sorry for things she had no control over. Idgie didn't blame her anymore for leaving. She never really did. She'd been young and foolish. She'd ended up being more mad at herself than anything. She wasn't strong enough to be the sort of person who could take care of Ruth before. But, she was gonna work as hard as she could to be that now. And she sure as hell was not going to listen to Ruth apologize for what Frank Bennett did. No way in hell. So, she went to what she knew best to get Ruth to smile. Storytelling. \"The oysters.\" Idgie nodded like what she asked made complete sense. Ruth shook her head no. Idgie made a face, \"No? Why, you gotta hear about the oysters.\" Ruth couldn't help but smile as Idgie began to weave a tall tale about oysters and pearls. She always did love to hear her tell stories. That was one of the things she missed most in Georgia. Sometimes, late at night, after Frank'd had his fill and left her alone to recover from his rough nature, Ruth would imagine Idgie curling up beside her on the bed. She pretended to have those strong lean arms wrapped around her body as that charming voice softly whispered the craziest stories into her ear. As Idgie finished her story, she leaned into Ruth and carefully rested an arm across her shoulders, embracing her gently, \"I'm gonna take you home, Ms. Ruth. If that's alright with you.\" Ruth sank into Idgie, \"That sounds just fine, Ms. Idgie. Just fine.\" ","Summary":" Title: Car Rides and Oysters Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Ratin"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"A Visit to the Bennet Residence","Author":"jekyllandjess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7983140","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Visit to the Bennet Residence Idgie could not comprehend the fact that Ruth would soon be standing in front of her. Of course, she had seen Ruth many times, but only from a distance, just to make sure that Ruth was okay. She's married now; I should just let her be, let her live her life. Idgie tried to tell herself as she walked up to the front door of the Bennet residence. Of course, as it always did, Idgie's heart outweighed any logical decisions and she knocked on the door. An older woman had answered, a maid, she presumed. As her lifelong friend walked down the hall in a light green taffeta dress, her brown curls falling carelessly across her face, Idgie knew she had made the right decision in stopping by. As Ruth opened the screen door and noticed who the guest was, a small smile crossed her lips. \"Idgie, Idgie Threadgoode. It's been too long. You shoulda called or somethin' so I knew you were coming…the house isn't really prepared for guests at the moment, I-\" \"Naw, it's alright, I wasn't intendin' on staying long…just wanted to see you was all. As you said, it's been a while. Sorry on surprising you like this.\" Ruth laughed. \"Don't apologize, Idge, I'm glad you stopped by. I've missed you.\" The two women stood on the porch in a gentle silence for a few moments, taking in how the other had changed. Very rarely in her life did Idgie find herself nervous. But seeing Ruth after such a long time caused her to feel queasy and her palms to sweat. \"I'm sorry I never called, and about how I acted when you left. I promise I never meant the things I said to you, I hope you can forgive me, I don't know what I would do if-if-.\" Ruth gently squeezed her hand. \"Stop with your apologizing, that was so long ago, I'm not mad. I'm just glad you're here.\" Idgie nodded and after a few seconds, took the plunge and shared with Ruth what she really thought when Ruth left, so many years ago. \"When you left….despite what you mighta thought, I wasn't a kid. Well, I was, just not mentally, you know? The truth is, when you came into my room on that day, to try and talk to me, I was only acting out 'cause I knew I wouldn't survive if you left. I panicked.\" Ruth interjected: \"Completely understandable, no one would want their best friend to leave, I know.\" Idgie groaned, \"No. Let me finish. When I spouted all those insults at you, I instantly regretted it. I never meant anything and actually what I really wanted to do was…..\" Idgie slowly lifted her lips to Ruth's and kissed her, savoring the ever-so-familiar sweet smell of her skin, and the softness of her lips. After a few blissful seconds, Ruth pulled back and turned away, trying to wrap her head around what Idgie had just done. When she finally faced Idgie, tears were running down her face and she smiled sadly. It was then that Idgie saw the bruise on her left cheek. \"You better go, Idge. Frank will be wonderin' where I am.\" Idgie gently touched the purplish-grey blotch and Ruth winced. \"Did he do this to you?\" Ruth shook her head. \"No, it was just a bad fall I had the other day, that's all.\" Idgie scowled. \"I don't believe you. Oh, I'm gonna kill him! That bastard!\" Idgie started up the stairs but Ruth swiftly grabbed her arm and held her in grip. \"Please, Idgie. If you love me, don't start a scene. I can take care of myself.\" Ruth stared unblinkingly into her eyes. \"If you love me, you'll leave.\" Idgie looked into the house and back at Ruth, and slowly backed away from the front door. \"If he ever touches you again, I'll find out, and I will kill him. Idgie started towards her car but before her shined shoes touched the pavement, Ruth was in her arms, her fingers running frantically through Idgie's golden-brown waves, their lips meshing, frantic yet passionate. \"You don't know….how much….I wanted to stay, and….how I long….to go with you now.\" Ruth whimpered, in between their forbidden kisses. Just before she thought she would die from suffocation, Ruth broke away, staring into Idgie's warm brown eyes. \"I've always loved you, too, hun'.\" She added under her breath, \"Oh how I wish I could have you right here, Jesus, Ms. Threadgoode.\" Idgie's face was still masked with concern but she grinned at Ruth's display of longing. All of the sudden, a booming voice was heard from inside the house. \"Ruth? Ruth? Who's here?\" Ruth quickly tore herself away from Idgie. \"I have to go. I'll see you, Idge.\" Idgie nodded and got into her brother's Model T, revving up the engine and watching as her best friend entered the doorway of the house, but before turning around to look at Idgie one last time, before closing the door. I'm gonna come back for you, Ruth. Idgie thought as she left the house that held her dear friend captive. ","Summary":" A Visit to the Bennet Residence Idgie could not comprehend the fact that Ruth would soon be standin"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Alive","Author":"Cerise Murmur","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6075832","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm really sorry that I haven't been uploading anything in awhile, but we're currently in the process of moving...in 10 days actually, and I've been running around so much I haven't had time to write. So I guess this is kind of an 'I'm sorry' fic for not updating I Remember and Leaves of Red. I really wanted to write something, but I didn't feel like committing to an entire chapter, so here's a one shot, I just watched this movie the other day and it was amazing. Please enjoy! As soon as I get settled in chapters will be up! Reviews are sexy. Ruth wasn't much for games. She had always been the girl to choose a book over her friends, she liked peace and quiet, it's just the way she had always been. That is...until she met Idgie. It started as a quiet annoyance, Idgie would drag Ruth off somewhere to do whatever it was that she had thought of that day and Ruth would grin and bear, if only because she promised that she would look after Idgie. But as the days turned to months and Ruth's annoyance grew into affection, her quiet nature grew into something as well and Ruth discovered that inside she had a deep longing for adventure and Idgie fullfilled that longing with a vigor that no one else could. Idgie would take Ruth places she never knew existed. Small little holes in the world that people had forgotten about. But Idgie restored their beauty with her lighthearted laugh and open heart. Wherever she was, nothing could wither, the birds always sang and it was always sunny, even in the cold. Idgie made a home near Ruth's heart, and when she was around it stayed warm, like the last breath of summer. When Idgie was around, Ruth felt alive. Before she had her books, her quiet, but she was only breathing, seeing, aborbing, but with Idgie she was finally living. Those long days by the river showed her that she could have peace..but not the kind she was used to, Idgie showed her a peace that was so blissful she never wanted to leave. She could sit by the water forever, learning more than a book could ever teach her. She learned how the water breathed , how the wind sighed, how the trees sang. And the birds chirps were more beautiful than any music could be. Minutes with Idgie could turn into hours and hours into days. The time just slipped by and Ruth was powerless to stop it, she was also unwilling. Before she knew it an entire day would slip by and she would be lying in her bed, exhausted, too tired to think about the day, but excited enough to dream of the next. With Idgie she was whole, and she only wanted to deepen that connection. She always felt that they had shared something deeper than a friendship, deeper than anything she had felt with anyone else. As deep as nature, as powerful as fire, as crushing as a mountain. When Ruth would touch Idgie she could feel an electric current surging through her, it made the hair on the back of her neck stand up, it made her toes curl, and most importantly it made her smile like nothing else could. Idgie was different, special, and no one had ever made Ruth feel this way before. When they would lay on the riverbank together, Ruth knew that she was exactly where she was supposed to be with exactly the right person. And then their hands would brush and nothing in the world could make her doubt that fact. There was one time when they were laying on a slope, the grass tickling their backs, the clouds beautiful above their heads...when something happened. Neither of them had talked about it since, maybe because it had seemed so natural, so right. Ruth was trying to decide what shape the cloud directly above her was when Idgie grabbed her hand. Ruth smiled at the touch, and leaned her head on Idgie's shoulder. Idgie leaned over and kissed her solidly on the lips. Ruth had gasped, not with surprise, but at the feeling that ripped though her body, almost as if a part of her had been missing before that moment. Idgie's lips stayed there for a moment, her body shuddering against Ruth's before she pulled away and lie her head on Ruth's bare shoulder. She didn't say anything after that, but Ruth didn't worry about it much, she knew Idgie had felt the same thing, and she knew if it was right (which it was) it would happen again. Ruth never thought about what other people would think, she only thought of Idgie. She didn't think about wanting to get married, even though by now she knew she should have had children and been married for years. None of that crossed her mind, she was too busy with Idgie to be worried about such trivial things. As the years past, their bond only grew and nothing in the world could have made Ruth leave her. Through the months they had several more encounters like the one on the slope, but they never said a word about any of them. They both understood it so deeply that there was no need for words. And Ruth just couldn't wait for a new day to spend with Idgie. Every night before she slept she would smile and thank God that she had such an amazing person in her life and beg Him not to take her away. ","Summary":" I'm really sorry that I haven't been uploading anything in awhile, but we're currently in the proce"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Run","Author":"Willowrs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4678446","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Idgie/Ruthn– 'Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Café' (177nwords) Run There arendays when Idgie can't tell which one of them is running thenhardest. Herself; running away from Buddy's ghost, or Ruth; runningnaway from her, from what they could have had together, what she is sonintent on avoiding; denying happiness for them both. Runningninto the arms of Frank Bennett. It's allnIdgie can do to restrain from spitting his name venomously onto thenmuddy path she's currently walking. Mealynmouthed, one-eyed bastard. A man sonfar removed from what Idgie feels Ruth deserves. Sweet, innocent,nbeautiful Ruth, who doesn't seem to realise that everyone she meetsnfalls instantly in love with her, they just can't seem to helpnthemselves. In thenend, Idgie supposes that it doesn't really matter who is runningnthe hardest, Ruth is running away from her whichever way you look atnit, which in turn is making Idgie run all the more. A viciousncycle with no foreseeable reprieve. She'llnjust have to continue running, until she collapses or Ruth changesndirection and runs towards her for a change. ","Summary":" Idgie/Ruthn– 'Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Café' (177nwords) Run There arendays when Id"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Colorblind","Author":"o.OKathleenO.o","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7397283","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Colorblind Author : Chantel Rating : PG, if that. Disclaimer: I do not own Fried Green Tomatoes, or the rights to it. I've no affiliation with the novel, the movie, or the author. This is all non-profit imagination. The title is inspired by the song, Colorblind by The Counting Crows. Which I also do not own. Summary : Inspired by a small detail in the movie. Ruth sits by the window, waiting. Reviews/Feedback: Would love to hear your comments. Seriously, send em my way. Please? And thank you! Authors Note : Soooo this is for Penny . Because she loves these two as much as I do, and because she's and awesome sauce bestie. I hope I've done it justice, and that she, and you, enjoy it. Old wood groans softly under the weight of her feet as she walks towards the chair. It's early morning, the dawn of another day, as Ruth slips quietly through the upstairs hallway. Sunlight cascades in through the window, spilling its warm rays into the house. Ruth pulls the chair back slightly and takes her spot in front of the old window. Ruth has never been very fond of this house. The rooms are as cold as Franks hands. The ceilings are too high. The walls are deceiving, painted brightly and covered in art in an effort to conceal the holes her husband put in them. Everything about this house reeks of Frank Bennett. Even the squeak of the wooden flooring causes her cringe- it reminds her of how amplified the sound can be when she's been thrown to the floor. There's nothing quite like the way Franks footsteps sound, creaking under his boots, as he stomps angrily towards her injured body. No, Ruth thinks, she's never been very fond of this house at all. Even the window she sits at now is cracked slightly, marring the world outside of it. The glass is warn from years of rain and there is a layer of film on the outer side that blurs everything together in a couple of places. Ruth hates it here. But she sits, waiting. She watches as the tress sway gently in the morning breeze and wraps her arms around her stomach. It's a nice day outside. The sky is caught between red-orange dawn and a bright blue day. She imagines it would be beautiful, if not for the foggy glass, obstructing her view. Ruth thinks about the way the sky in Alabama looked on the last morning of her stay. Idgie had broken into her room in the middle of the night, muttering something about the temperature and stuffing her bag full of linens before escorting her swiftly out of the house and towards a large field nearby. Ruth had grumbled a few sleepy words out to the blonde before quietly accepting that she awake for the day now. The night air bit lightly at her arms as they sat in the field together. Idgie gave a chuckle when she noticed the goosebumps and wrapped her in a blanket. Ruth laid her head against her friends shoulders when she realized Idgie intended to kept her arms in place around her. She didn't mind. There was something safe about being in those arms. \"Idgie, what are we doing here?\" she had asked finally. \"Waitin',\" Idgie replied. Ruth straightened up at that, looking the other girl in the eye. \"For?\" She watched as Idgie huffed and rolled her eyes. The blonde retracted her arms and rested them against her knees, \"Jeez Ruth, trust me why don't ya? They don't call it a 'surprise' for nothin'.\" The teasing tone in Idgie's voice, mixed with the half smile on her face made Ruth's stomach do a tiny summersault. But it had been the way the moonlight reflected off of Idgie's eyes that made her heart skip a beat and speed up. Her cheeks flushed slightly and she shoved her friend playfully to distract from it, \"Well fine, then. Rob me of my beauty sleep. It will be your fault when mirrors start to crack \" She returned jokingly. Idgies eyes were trained on hers. Deep, careful eyes that were usually so guarded, left open for Ruth to gaze through as freely as she pleased. \"Trust me,\" Idgie whispered softly, \"Ain't nothin', nowhere that could make you anything less than beautiful.\" Her eyes were intense as she spoke the words. It surprised Ruth. Her words were so honest and compassionate. Even her voice was gentle and lacked the usual mirth it had to it. Ruth leaned in and pressed her lips to Idgies before she could stop herself. It was a short kiss and Ruth found herself pulling back just as quickly as she had leaned in. \"You're just a bee charmer, Idgie Threadgoode. A silly bee charmer.\" They had laughed together the whole night, taking touches and giving them away freely. They talked some, but mostly they just sat under the stars until the moon had gone to sleep and the sun began to wake. Waiting. \"Here,\" Idgie breathed finally, pointing to the first rays of light that broke over the horizon. Ruth had moved to sit between the blonde's legs sometime between the night. She lifted her head from Idgies chest and followed her direction. \"Watch.\" She heard whispered into her ear. As the sun rose from it's slumber the sky was filled with the most beautiful colours Ruth had ever laid eyes upon. Light purples and blues brushed across the sky, oranges and light reds swirled together behind the clouds and golden sunlight slowly began to spill over the hill. The light moved over the field and the world erupted in life. Suddenly, the trees were greener than Ruth had ever seen. Even the grass and the wheat field across the way looked vibrant in the morning sun. The valley below sparkled as the suns rays glistened off of the fresh layer of dew. It was like diamonds. Ruth's breath had caught at the sight. \"Idgie,\" she gasped, \"I've never. Well, I've never seen.. anything quite like it..\" It had been almost inaudible. Ruth had barely heard it. Idgie had spoken so quietly that she had almost missed it. But as the words passed her ears, they engrained themselves in her heart. She knew she would take those words to Heaven with her. Idgie just hugged her, shushing her attempt to reply. \"Let's just look for a while, yeah?\" Ruth had never felt more alive as she watched the morning spring to life in front of her very eyes. She replayed Idgie's words in her head the entire time, \"It reminds me of you..\" It's a sharp contrast to the way things are today. There aren't anymore quiet, tender moments for Ruth. Her heart hasn't skipped a beat since that day. Instead of giving her touches away with love, they are taken from her roughly and angrily. This cracked, cloudy window is all that she has here. She sits every day and waits, remembering. Ruth sits here each day and prays. She stays for hours on end at this place, staring at the world on the other side of this glass. Ruth moved her chair here the day her momma died. The same day she made her way to the post office and sent out her letter. She sits here in anticipation, with a hope she had thought she'd lost. She sits here waiting, watching, for her silly bee charmer. With her kind smile and warm hands, her sharp tongue and safe arms. She waits for Idgie and her sky full of colour. Ruth closes her eyes and takes a deep breath, but she's not worried. She doesn't mind waiting for this. Her bee charmer will come. She'll crack a smug grin and crook her head to the side and laugh. Idgie will take her away, and when she does.. Ruth knows that she'll never have to see the world through a pane of glass again. Thanks for reading. Share your thoughts with me, hit the review button below. ","Summary":" Title : Colorblind Author : Chantel Rating : PG, if that. Disclaimer: I do not own Fried Green Toma"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Smokey's tale","Author":"bluebubbleschica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5313296","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (disclaimer: i do not ownnfried green tomatoes. i only own this fanfic.) Author's note: hey y'all!nthis is told from Smokey's PoV when he returns to whistle stop, fornthe last time . When u see writing like this it means its a flashback. Enjoy and tell me what you think of it. _________________________________________________________________________________________________ There she was. The mostnbeautiful girl I had ever seen. Not only was she beautiful innappearance, but her heart and soul was beautiful as well as if it wasnmade of gold. When she smiled, the whole world seemed to seemed tonsmile with her. I recalled the first time I met Ruth. Idgie, my pokernbuddy,best friend, and sister ( at least thats how I saw her) hadncome across me, down at the railroad, and I hadn't had a drink innquite awhile..... \"Smokey?\"Idgienasked, concern in her vioce I had no answer. All Indid was shake in voluntrarily. Finally, I managed to speak.n\"Idgie.....\" my vioce trailed off. \"Oh,nSmokey...You'll be ok. C'mon, lets go.\" she said helping me upnto my feet. Once on my feet, I staggered around a bit. She gave menher shoulder to lean on. I gratefully accepted. \"W-where's wengoin'?\" I asked nervously. \" Somewhere safe.\"nshe said. 'Somewhere safe' hadnturned out to be nonother than the Whistlestop cafe'. I had headnIgdie and some other girl had opened a cafe', but I had been sonsurpised to see the rumor was true. As she helped me inside, I tooknin the sight. It smelled like fresh baked cornbread and barbeque. Thenwalls were whitewashed and there were charcoal drawings Ruth hadndrawn, decorating the walls. Behind the counter, were shelves ofnhoney for sale. Also standing behind the counter was Sipsy. Seeingnme, she had called for Ruth, and when I saw her I then understoodnwhat love at first sight was. Ruth had arrived,nwearing an apron and a cheerful smile. How I loved that smile. Shencarried a steak dinner, just for me. Suddenly, for the firstntime ,I was ashamed of my dirty clothes and greasy hair, and face inngreat need of shaving. Embarrassed, I turned from her gaze and satndown in the chair Idgie showed me. \"I hain't got nonmoney, ma'am-\" \"Don't worry aboutnit. And you can all me Ruth. What might your name be?\" she askednher vioce so melodious is sounded like a song. A wonderful song Inhoped would never end. \"Smokey. SmokeynLonesome.\" \" Well, MisternSmokey lonesome, you eat that right up and cuz' later there's somenkey lime pie waitin' fo' ya.\" she said with a smile. \" Yes'm.\" Insaid now smiling too. I tried to eat, butnhands kept shaking so badly(from lack of alcohol),I kept spilling myndinner all over myself. \"I-I'm so sorrynMiz Ruth...\" I stammered ashamed. Idgie took me outside.nWe sat on a log, as she told me a story to cheer me up. As shenfinished he story, she took out a flask and handed it to me. Inshakily took a sip, spilling some of the whisky on me. When she wasnsure I felt better, she led me to a cabin, where I could hadna wash basin, razor adn some soap next to the wash basin. It smellednlike pine inside and in the back of the small cabin there was bunknbuilt into the back wall. When she left, I instantly washed my face,nfeeling the cold water splash around my skin, I then lathered thensoap, and shaved. I then went to the bunk, and curled up in a ball,nto keep warm and fell asleep. As I slept, I was awoken by someonenentering my cabin. It was Ruth. In the darkness of night, she creptnin slowly, and put a blanket over my shoulders. Next to the washnbasin , she set a clean pair a clothes. I loved her. I reallyndid. But what would a girl as lovley as her want with me, a bum. I have now returned tonWhistlestop. And there she was. The most beautiful girl I had evernseen...in a casket. Tears filled my eyes as I watched her family andnfriends gather and mourn her loss. I had loved her. We all did. Nextnto Sipsy stood Buddy, Ruth's little boy. He was crying his eyes outnand was burying his face in her skirt. But where was Idgie? Inglanced around for her. She was nowhere to be found. Once thenpreacher had done speaking, the casket was being lowered into thenground. Just then, she arrived. Everyone turned to look at her. Shenhad tears welling up in her eyes. She was carrying a handful of wildnflowers. When she made it to the newly made grave,( I had ot blinknseveral time to see thruogh my tears, byt this time I was hysterical)nshe softly placed the flowers inside the grave as tehy lowered herndown. I watched, one by one, asnthey all began to leave. Evening seemed to turn to midnight in anmatter of minutes. When everyone had left, I had walked up to seenher. I kneeled beside her grave. The trees seemed to whisper sadly.nThe crickets seemed to chirp sorrowfully. I cried with them. \"I love you, Ruth.\"nI whispered through my tears. Maybe it was mynimagination,but I could have sworn I heard her sing, just like shenused to do in teh cafe' while she was baking, but this time the wholenmeadow sang with her, It was beautiful just like her. I don't know how long Insat there, or how many tears I wept. I just know I was there a longntime. After I had mourned, I began to walk. I didn't know where I wasngoing, but I had to get away from here. With her gone there wasnnothing here for me anymore. I would try to drink her memory away butnI knew I never could, no matter how drunk I got. With tearfilledneyes, I walked away and never looked back. ","Summary":" (disclaimer: i do not ownnfried green tomatoes. i only own this fanfic.) Author's note: hey y'all!n"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Three Times","Author":"Kaylee's teddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4747402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Three times Author: Kaylee's Teddy Rating: PG-13 for an F/F relationship and sexual content Summery: The First three times Ruth and Idgie had sex. Ruth POV Disclaimer: I do not own Idgie, Ruth or any other part of Fried Green Tomatoes, just borrowed them. Their first time is on the bank of the river. Both of them a little drunk, a little sloppy but Ruth admits that she's the one who started, sliding her mouth against Idgie's slowly, almost shyly, so grateful when Idgie doesn't pull away but instead presses her back against the cold damp ground. Ruth has spent her whole life protecting against this moment, steering clear of bad boys and keeping the good ones at bay with soft murmurings and the lightest of kisses. But for Idgie she let's it all go, never questioning as Idgie slides her hands up beneath Ruth's slip, getting lost in the sensation of strong fingers against her skin. Their second time is right before Ruth leaves for Georgia. Idgie has disappeared since that night at the river but Ruth can feel her everywhere. She swears she catches glimpses but Idgie's always gone when she turns around, always just out of sight, Idgie her silent ever-present ghost. And then the last night the apparition solidifies, crawls into Ruth's window in the early morning hours and interrupts Ruth's restless, troubled attempts at sleep. Ruth unbuttons Idgie's shirt with trembling hands, sliding hesitant palms against the skin that she uncovers. Ruth hordes memories of Idgie's body, taking in the clean smoky scent of her skin, the startling softness of her breasts and the sharp gasp Idgie makes when Ruth finally overcomes her nervousness and let's her mouth follow the movement of her hands. It's as if Ruth can already sense the coming darkness and is storing up moments in preparation, as if she can borrow Idgie's strength through the warmth of their connection. The third time Idgie is patient, more patient then Ruth is expecting, more then she remembers her ever being and it finally sinks in that the girl she fell in love with has become a woman in her absence. Idgie holds Ruth as she cries, promises to love her and the baby that's coming till the day she dies and Ruth believes her. She let's Idgie smooth the memory of Frank away with the soft pressure of her hands, her warm mouth against Ruth's belly and thighs. When it's over Idgie falls asleep cradled against her chest and Ruth whispers softly into her hair until the sun slides over the horizon, allowing the soft light to lull her into a gentle sleep with it's promise of better day's to come. ","Summary":" Title: Three times Author: Kaylee's Teddy Rating: PG-13 for an F/F relationship and sexual content "},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Troutville","Author":"Vantina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4554178","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Troutville October 12, 1935 I've only ever seen it this dark once before in my life and that was the night that a gang of bulls in Chicago ran up through the shanty where me and Jimmy were sleepin' and trampled everything flat. First it was quiet, like it is now ('cept there ain't no crickets in the city on account of it being forsaken by God according to BoWeevil) and then there came the thunderin' of those shoes! Crackshot always told us, \"Don't leave nuthin' trailin' in the wind! What you leave behind is bound to get you in a mess of trouble.\" He was talking about shoelaces and keeping yourself ready in case you had to run on a night like that but I figured it was good advice for life. It's a good thing that these little hobo spirits are flying around lighting up their butts because I can hardly see a thing! Though I reckon it's good it's so dark because the rock in my pocket is weighing heavy and I might nearly be indecent. My trousers are a bit too big, you see, but I found them with only one or two holes in 'em and fixed 'em up. Jimmy grew out of his suspenders so he gave me 'em and they're holding up so far but I've got the legs tied up so they won't get caught up in the workings when I'm hoppin' on or off. And like Crackshot said - I won't leave nuthin' trailin'! Especially on one of these nights! If I leave any hint of my goin's on then I'm bound to get caught and arrested and sooner or later some no-gooder with an eye for buggering will find out that I'm a girl. Sheriff Kilgore won't be able to help me out of that jam, no siree! There's only a few folks that know that secret, besides you now. There's my brother Jimmy, of course, and the gang that we met in the boxcar when we hopped our first train. I bet you want to know why we hopped that train, huh? Y'see after Mama died there was no one to keep Daddy nice. Now Jimmy was only 11 months older than me but he was the man of the house when Daddy was gone for days and days. When he came back he'd beat the tar out of poor Jimmy for makin' him feel worthless or something. And Daddy came after me once or twice for lookin' too much like Mama. (Jimmy says it's because of the curly brown hair and the swampy eyes but my freckles and knobby nose look more like Jimmy's and Daddy's.) So there was this one-day when Jimmy got a hold of a penny and we went out a mile or so to the train tracks. Jimmy put it down right on the rail and we waited for an hour or more just sittin' there nervous. Jimmy said that Jack Nelson had told him a train had been derailed like that just a few months before in Valdosta. We didn't believe him because Jack was the kind of kid that was always trying to scare somebody. He once told me that he'd seen corn stalks walkin' around at night and I swear there was a stalk of corn sitting outside my window when I went to bed. I didn't want to tell anybody why I wouldn't sleep in my room anymore but Jimmy finally got it out of me and he beat Jack blue the next day! (When Daddy found out he nearly broke Jimmy's arm.) Well the train finally came by and that copper just flattened out like a metal pancake! We took it home and Jimmy took a nail and hammered a hole through it and then put it around my neck strung through with one of his fishin' lines. He said that if it didn't derail the train it must be good luck! I still have it today, see? After that Jimmy got one of his ideas and he said, \"Sarah-Paul, if a train can do that to a penny, just imagine what it could do to Daddy's truck!\" So the next time Daddy went missing Jimmy stole his truck and we drove it out across the tracks. But what we never noticed was that Daddy was passed out cold in the back. Now I see that look in your eyes but don't go thinking I'm guilty of murder or nothin'! Luckily that train had a pretty long view up the tracks and saw Daddy's truck with plenty of time for the brakeman to stop the train. But the ruckus woke Daddy up and there was nowhere to run where he wouldn't see us. Me and Jimmy did the only thing we could think of and ran to an open boxcar! Jimmy climbed in first and then I followed and to our surprise there was a gang of folks already in there. This grungy old feller with a kind smile, you'll know him now as BoWeevil Jake, put his finger on his lips and we kept quiet-like until the truck got moved and the train started again. Now see this boxcar here, this looks like the one we want. I'll just break the latch with my rock. There! I knew it! This rusty latch wasn't gonna last much longer anyway - I'm practically doing it a favor. BINGO! Yessiree! This car is chock full of government supply! Whew whee! Idgie's just gonna bust a gut I reckon! I'm not sure how Smokey gets his information but he's always right! (Personally I think it has something to do with the Sheriff but I don't know.) Now we don't have a thing to worry about because these cars were all inspected and locked by the bulls already. We just have to sit in here and keep quiet until the train starts movin'. When the train passes through Whistle Stop it'll slow for the curve, we'll signal Idgie, and she'll hop on with us. Then we'll just jump off with the food in Troutville! Y'know you're pretty good at this! I might put in a good word with Idgie cuz I'll probably be movin' on soon. Crackshot says I've got a talent for this sneakiness because I'm lightweight and keen like a hound dog and I have a mind to take my talents on the road. Hell I ain't never been out of Alabama! But that Crackshot, he's as wise as an old owl but I swear sometimes he can't tell it's his own shadows following him. (But it's a good thing these folks don't look too close, if you know what I mean.) Oh but I was telling you about who else knows my secret! Well there's Jimmy and BoWeevil and Smokey... and there was girl called Starling in the car that night. She was Starling LaRue and she'd had a gig in a tavern but circumstances happened and she was cut loose without a dime. She and this gentleman called Chattanooga were travellin' together and she was a kick because she'd just hum and whistle all night long - like she hadn't a trouble in the world. She shows up every now and then and I can just sit and listen to her hummin' for hours. Sometimes she calls me her \"little shadow\" because I just follow her everywhere. So anyway, Chattanooga noticed the penny around my neck and showed Jimmy and me his personal collection of pancaked coins and pieces of metal just like mine. He said that he kept every one of them to remind him of a place where his luck had turned for the better, someone gave him honest work or provided him with good food. When he didn't have a coin, he said, he'd just take what he could find and flatten it on the tracks. Jimmy asked him if he'd ever derailed a train and Chattanooga said that if he had he surely had not intended to but there were some coins and doo-dads that he'd misplaced and a few tripped up trains he'd heard about. Then he showed us a little flat piece of tin that still had a portion of a tomato picture on it. He told us that it was from Troutville where he'd once survived for a month on the canned goods that had been tossed by \"Railroad Bill\" off a train. Now that old Smokey Lonesome was in the corner of that boxcar sitting by himself with his hat covering his eyes, like he normally does, and I thought I noticed the whisper of a grin on his face even then! Anyway - Jimmy and I got off with this gang in Troutville because that's where they happened to be headed and we were introduced to our first shantytown. But before I'd even gotten off the train Chattanooga and BoWeevil had trussed me up to look more like a boy because they said it wasn't right for a little girl to be on her own. This was three years ago and I was only 10 so it was a bit easier for me to blend in that way. Starling had some small scissors and she did the honors of trimming my hair down. That was also when they first started calling me Pennyslvania Paul and Jimmy and I were the Pennyslvania Twins even though we've never seen that city. They said it was better to have a story than to look like we didn't know nothing. They took a few days to teach us the pleasantries and the rules - y'know like don't sit down at a fire if you ain't invited and gathered us up some more clothes and a camp of our own. Eventually Paul turned into Paulie and that's fine by me because it has a ring of girl to it. As for Jimmy, he pretended to be a bit older and started working at the mill in the first few weeks. So we've been living in the \"town\" and buying our food with the money he brings in ever since. Also, about a year ago some missionary types from the Baptist church came to evangelize here. BoWeevil was here at the time and he pretended to be our father so they wouldn't get any strange ideas but there was this one pretty woman who kinda just drew people to her. This was Ruth and I know you've heard of her because Smokey keeps that picture of her in his jacket and goes on about her when he's asleep. But anyway - Ruth made us promise to meet her on Sundays for bible study and who could refuse? She could make anyone do anything with just a kind smile (and plus she kinda reminded me of Mamma)! Now I'm not much for religion but bible study was going to take place at her cafe in Whistle Stop and I knew for certain that the cafe was known in boxcars around the country as a place generous to hobos. So I gathered up Jimmy with me and after studying something about Jonah and a whale we were welcomed into the cafe. It was 'bout the best meal of our lives so every Sunday after that we showed up for studyin'. There was this other girl at the cafe too - Idgie. She and Ruth were thicker than sisters but she never stuck around for bible class. Afterwards, though, Idgie'd visit with us and the town kids (including that kid with the one arm - that's Stump, Ruth and Idgie's son) and tell us these fantastic yarns for hours. Anyway, we'd laugh and gossip and I guess I gave something away because every Sunday she'd look at me real closely until finally she took me aside one day and asked me straight out if I was a hen under all these feathers. Now Idgie is probably the most beautiful girl you'll see in these parts if you really look but she keeps herself hidden under suspenders and felt hats herself so I figured she was safe and I was right. After that she'd come to visit with me and Jimmy once or twice a week and she'd take us fishin' and sometimes she'd bring us biscuits and make us promise not to share them with anyone. Idgie said she figured I needed a positive influence as opposed to some holy-roller or an old ashy hobo (Smokey just giggled when she said it). She's like a big sister to me now and so she, of course, told me her secret so that all was square. She said while I'd been busy disguising myself up as a boy she'd been coloring her face with coal dust, wearing a stocking cap and pretending to be a negro boy called \"Railroad Bill.\" Now you can't tell a soul what I just told you because Idgie'd have my hide! I mean it - there's a reward out for Railroad Bill and if I find you with a suit and a ticket for the train I'll kill you myself. But anyway she told me that the Southern Railroad had hired more bulls to keep Railroad Bill from boarding the trains and tossing the food off to the hungry folks and that she needed more help. She told me that if I was up to it and if I could keep it an absolute secret (or toss my soul to the mercy of the demon-spawn catfish that she swore swam in an underground river beneath Troutville) that she'd sure love it if I would agree to help out. I mean it was hardly a question because I'd do anything for Idgie (or I guess even Ruth or Starling) but I told her yes and she gave me the only hug I've had in my life since my Mama took the Westbound and I could have died right then. So that's how this started! Smokey tells me when the government supply trains are coming and it's just my job to hop a ride out earlier in the day, pick a car and get it ready so Idgie doesn't have to waste anytime guessing and risking getting caught! Its pretty dangerous too but I don't mind takin' the blame if they catch me one day. But them bulls think they're looking for a Negro anyway! Boy, I'll tell ya it sure is nice to have someone to talk to! It can get real tiring when the only thing answering you is a fiddlin' cricket. It'll be an hour or two before we meet up with Railroad Bill though so howsabout you tell me how you ended up in Troutville? Oh and just for the record, now you owe me a secret! Don't worry, you can trust Pennsylvania Paulie! ","Summary":" Troutville October 12, 1935 I've only ever seen it this dark once before in my life and that was th"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Of Cupcakes and Kissing","Author":"Meredith Trainor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4805731","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Of Cupcakes and Kissing ---------------------------------- Summary: The Whistle Stop Cafe is closed for Christmas, and Idgie attempts to make cupcakes. Madness ensues. Idgie and Ruth have some fun in the kitchen. Rated K+ for slash. Author's Note: I don't own Fried Green Tomatoes, but to my satisfaction, there is quite a bit of slash referencing in the movie already. I still think it should be a book. ----------------------------------- \"Idgie! What are you doing?!\" Her voice streaked the air; half-angry, half-amused. I twirled the spatula around my chocolatey fingers and tried my best to look innocent. \"Baking, Ruthie\" \"More like trying to make a tornado in my kitchen. Out with you!\" She hated let me by the stove. Even letting me crack eggs or boil water was a big deal for Ruth, and here I was making a huge mess in her precious domain. \"I'm sorry, honey, I'll be careful, I promise. The mixer just got away from me, and... Well, you can see\" \"I see you have batter all over your face, your apron is stained, to say nothing of my kitchen counters and the floor! My goodness, Idgie, you do have a way with spills.\" She smiled despite her best attempt to put on a stern face. \"I'll tell you what; go upstairs and change your apron, wash your face for Christmas's sake! And meet me back in here in five minutes. I'll clean this mess up, and show you how to bake proper cupcakes\" \"Yes, Ruthie.\" And as obedient and humble as any child, I crept contritely out of the kitchen-- albeit stealing a kiss from her cheek as I went. \"Oh you naughty thing! Go on now!\" She was more surprised than angry, I could tell, and I smirked to myself as I bounded up the stairs. For once, since it was Christmas, I decided to forego my usual attire and wear *gasp* a dress. It was Ruthie's dress to be sure, I hadn't worn one since that day Buddy had died. A long, pale pink thing, it made my tan skin seem even darker, and my hair even lighter. I'd been letting it grow, since customers liked it, and more importantly, Ruthie said it made me look quite becoming. I scoffed every time she said it, but secretly I blushed and vowed never to cut it again. \"Idgie! You can come down now! The kitchen is fully reconstructed!\" She seemed breathless but sent forth a peal of laughter, to which I joined in. When she saw me, standing in ladylike dress at the top of the stairs, she caught her breath all at once. I thought she'd swoon, and I ran forward to help her... Well, I tried to run, that is. You see, it's quite hard to run in a dress. I'd forgotten to lift my skirts, and I fell trippingly down the stairs, and into Ruth's lap. When I looked up into her eyes, they were bright brown circles of exhileration and excitement. We laughed at ourselves, entangled in the foyer like two youngsters. \"Come on, before the batter sets!\" I helped her up, and this time I remembered to lift my skirts. \"Now, Idgie, you place the mixer delicately into the utmost bottom of the bowl, and then set it on the lowest setting first. Good! Now then, you can turn it up; careful now! That's it.\" She guided my hand, sketching patterns in the batter that lasted mere seconds. After about three minutes of this, she clicked the mixer off, and we removed the blades. She held one up for me to lick, and I wiped my finger across it. As she tasted chocolate from my hand, I almost blushed. We set out the cupcake papers and poured batter carefully into the slots. I wielded the unruly spatula like a sword, and Ruth had to help me sop up spilled batter more than once. But when all was said and done, we slid twelve beautiful cupcakes into the oven, and set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes. I sank down beside the oven in exhaustion, and Ruth joined me on the floor. \"Surely the great Bee Charmer is not tired out after mere baking?\" She teased me, and I stuck my tongue out at her. \"I am NOT tired. I just didn't sleep much last night. It is Christmas, after all.\" She moved in closer to me and looked at me with those merry, gorgeous eyes I so adore. \"Yes, it is Christmas.\" And she laid a sweet, savory kiss on my willing lips. \"Happy Christmas, Idgie.\" Author's Note: Rate and Review, please! I thrive on criticism! ","Summary":" Of Cupcakes and Kissing ---------------------------------- Summary: The Whistle Stop Cafe is closed"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"When the Boss is Away","Author":"elsiecarson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11529480","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chessy and Martin stand at the kitchen counter preparing sandwiches in Nick Parker's kitchen. Nick and his daughters, Hallie and Annie, and his fiancée, Meredith Blake, are all off camping. Chessy gasps when she and Martin's hands touch over the lettuce. Martin holds onto Chessy's hand as he turns towards her. He slowly leans over and kisses her cheek before kissing her on the lips. \"That was fabulous Martin! I've been waiting for you to do that since we met in San Francisco!\" Chessy gushes. \"Let's go and spend the rest of the day somewhere fabulous. I just want to get to know you better. I want to spend some time just the two of us without any interruptions. Shall we take some fruit with us?\" Martin asks as he pokes his head into the fridge. \"Grab the strawberries and the cantaloupe and we'll take those with us.\" Chessy says as she smiles over her shoulder. Martin grabs a large knife, cuts the cantaloupe in half, and then scoops all the seeds out of each half. He cuts each half into slices and cuts the peel off each slice and puts them all on a plate. \"Where's the plastic wrap?\" \"The plastic wrap is in the bottom drawer to the left of the stove. Are we ready to go?\" Chessy asks as she puts all the sandwiches in the picnic basket and then walks over to the wine rack and picks out a bottle of white wine. Martin wraps the plastic wrap over the cantaloupe slices and then puts the box of strawberries and the cantaloupe in the basket. \"I think that we're ready to go.\" Martin says with a smile. \"Wait, we need the potato salad and the rest of the chocolate cheesecake and then we can go.\" Chessy says as she goes to the fridge and pulls out the potato salad and the cheesecake and adds them to the basket. \"Now we can go!\"[Chapter 2] \"Where are we going on our picnic?\" Martin asks as he picks up the basket and he and Chessy walk out to her Jeep. \"Well, there's a couple of places we can go. There's a park nearby, or we can go to the beach, or there's a couple of places on the vineyard we could go.\" Chessy says as she hops into the jeep. Martin's eyes sparkle when Chessy mentions the beach being a possibility for the picnic. \"Oh Chessy! Can we go to the beach? I've always wanted to spend some time on a California beach.\" Martin says as he hops into the passenger seat. \"Sure, we can go to the beach. Is there any music you like in particular?\" Chessy asks as she leans towards the radio dials. \"I'm not picky, but I am partial to rock n' roll.\" Martin says as he watches the scenery flash past. \"Martin, I would never have guessed! You are a dark horse. Rock n' roll doesn't seem your style. Classical perhaps, but not rock n' roll.\" Chessy says with a chuckle. \"I happen to like classic rock. Do I not seem very rock n' roll, Chessy? I am almost offended, but I happen to know that I don't look very rock n' roll.\" Martin says as he watches Chessy press a button and crank up the volume. \"No, Martin, you don't seem like you're very rock n' roll, especially since you're a butler, but I've learned not to judge a book by its cover.\" Chessy says as she teases Martin. \"True enough. Butlers and rock stars don't usually run in the same crowd. But you don't seem much like a rock n' roll fan either when it comes down to it.\" Martin teases Chessy right back. \"I have very varied musical tastes. I like everything from classical to modern pop. I'm not picky about music at all.\" Chessy says as she pulls into the parking lot at a beach.[Chapter 3] Martin stands up in the jeep and looks out at the turquoise ocean before him. \"This is beautiful. I've never seen an ocean this blue before.\" Martin says as he hops out of the jeep and grabs the picnic basket and the beach blanket. \"Could you imagine staying in California permanently if something happens between Nick and Liz?\" Chessy asks as she too hops out of her jeep. She's wearing turquoise flip flops, denim capris, and a cute v-neck turquoise t-shirt that shows a little cleavage. The sun is warm as Martin spreads the blanket out on the beach. Chessy sits demurely on the blanket and pulls out the main course for lunch including the potato salad. She unwraps the sandwiches and places them on the blanket. Martin sets up the beach umbrella that Chessy brought with her. chessy pours each of them a cold glass of white wine. Martin takes a plate and a fork out of the lid of the picnic basket. \"I could live here easily, but Mr Parker has a fiancée, so I don't really see madam and he getting back together. I like Napa very much though.\" Martin puts a sandwich on his plate along with a large scoop of potato salad. \"Well, if I know the girls, and I think I do, Meredith won't be sticking around very long. Hallie and Annie don't like her at all. Liz and Nick are destined to be together whether they know it yet or not. They're both stubborn.\" Chessy settles on the blanket next to Martin. \"I don't want the girls to be in trouble if they break up their dad's new relationship. I can't believe that Nick and madam are going to get back together, but I hope they do because then we can stay together.\" Martin sips his wine as he looks out at the ocean. \"That's so sweet! I want you to be able to stay Martin, but Liz will never stay if Nick gets remarried. You're loyal to Liz, so if she leaves so would you. I've always liked Liz, but Nick pushed too hard with her all the time. I just hope this doesn't affect to girls too much.\" Chessy sighs. \"Me too. I haven't known Hallie very long, but she's become as dear to me as Annie is. Those girls are so special and I would do anything for them. I just hope that now that the girls know about each other they won't be separated again.\" Martin sounds melancholy. \"I don't think Liz and Nick will be that cruel to the girls. I'm just sad that Liz and Nick's separation will mean that we will have to be apart. I like you very much, Martin.\" Chessy admits. \"I like you very much too, Chessy. I've never felt this way before so quickly. This is very special to me.\" Martin whispers as he watches Chessy sip her wine. \"It's not fair! I wish it didn't have to be like this. We deserve better.\" Chessy hops up from the blanket and walks down to the ocean's edge. She's trying to contain her emotions. Martin jumps up and runs after Chessy. His bare feet touch warm sand for the first time. \"Hey Chessy,\" Martin catches up with her. \"It's alright. We'll figure this out if we need to. Don't be emotional now. We just have to enjoy the time we have together no matter how long that may be.\" \"But Martin, if we do this, won't it be more painful when you have to leave? Do we want to break each others' hearts when we have to part? You already mean so much to me, Martin, and I don't want to lose you, but I can't imagine losing you without knowing you better.\" Chessy's eyes fill with tears. Martin puts his arms around Chessy from behind. He looks out on the ocean sparkling in the sunshine. He sighs heavily as he thinks about having to leave Chessy. \"It might be more painful, but we'll have fewer regrets. You mean a great deal to me too, Chessy, and I want to spend as much time as possible with you. I don't want to regret anything we decide not to do.\" Chessy turns in Martin's arms. She kisses Martin gently and relaxes into his hold. Martin relaxes into the kiss and enjoys it. It's been a long time since he was in a relationship. He always considered his job to be the only thing he needed, but standing on this beach being kissed like this, suddenly the job doesn't seem quite as important any more. Normally Martin doesn't like public displays of affection, but right now he doesn't care at all and besides there's no one else on the beach and even if there was he wouldn't care right now. ","Summary":" Chessy and Martin stand at the kitchen counter preparing sandwiches in Nick Parker's kitchen. Nick "},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Following","Author":"Armida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/362461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Following By Armida Fandom: Shanghai Noon, Chon Wang/Roy O'Bannon Summary: A missing scene from the movie. What happened after Roy rescued Chon from the railroad camp? Disclaimer: All things Shanghai Noon belong to Spyglass Entertainment and Touchstone Pictures. This is for entertainment purposes only and no infringement is intended. A/N – Yes, I live! It's funny to revisit this, I wrote it so many years ago (in the midst of my Owen Wilson love) in a fandom that nobody really cares about. I've edited this a little and am going to re-post it, as there are several sequels I wrote to it all those years ago that will now finally see the light of day. In retrospect I think this works better as a standalone, but the sequels are out there so I may as well post them. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx \"Reach for the sky, baldy!\" The words echoed through the night sky, causing both men to turn in the direction of the shadowy figure on horseback. Roy? Chon blinked furiously, half in disbelief, half in an attempt to clear the remaining dirt and sand from his eyes. His vision swam into focus--it was Roy, his gun trained on Lo Fong, his other hand tipping his hat sardonically. \"That's right, it's Roy. Am I interrupting?\" Lo Fong glowered and raised his hands, including the sword he'd been brandishing at Chon. Chon's gaze met and held Roy's, and he felt suddenly breathless. \"I followed you, so what?\" Roy said, in response to Chon's silent query. The underlying urgency in his voice belied his attempt at nonchalance. \"What did you expect me to do, let you wander off? You're a greenhorn. You'll get killed out here.\" Sudden, fierce joy swept through Chon. Roy had followed him, despite Chon's bitter words to him that afternoon. Dressed in black, tall in the saddle, his wheat blond hair gleaming in the torchlight, Roy cut a dashing figure, looking every inch the outlaw he aspired to be. The sight of him made Chon's blood sing through his veins and his heart beat wildly. Roy had followed him, and Chon couldn't help the foolish grin he felt stealing over his face. For that brief second in time, the world seemed to narrow to encompass only the two of them, their eyes locked in silent communion. The sounds of gunfire and Fong's approaching henchmen broke the spell. \"Come on partner, we've gotta adios outta here,\" Roy called to him. Chon felt the weariness and soreness melt from his limbs. He half ran, half flew across the distance to nimbly vault onto the horse behind Roy. His hands clutched Roy's sides, and he leaned into him. \"You've got to stick with me,\" Roy said, kicking his horse into motion. \"I will, Roy. I will.\" Chon's words were lost in the thunder of hooves as they galloped away. As they reached the outskirts of the railroad camp, Chon turned his head at the sound of pursuit, ready to call a warning to Roy. However when he looked back, he realized it was only his own horse, Fido, following them into the night. Chon smiled again, and tightened his grip on Roy's waist. \"Where are we going?\" he called to Roy, but there was no reply. In truth, Chon didn't care. He was with Roy, and that was all that mattered for now. This man, this moment, the night sky surrounding them and the steady rhythm of the horse beneath them were enough. He would have followed Roy anywhere, without question, and that knowledge was a heady sensation that both alarmed him and quickened his blood. His future, which only minutes ago had seemed colorless and bleak, was now brilliantly alive with possibilities. Eventually, they slowed and then came to a halt in a small clearing. \"Here we are,\" Roy said, and moved to dismount, but Chon didn't loosen his grip on Roy. He found he couldn't let go of him. Instead, he slid his arms to fully circle Roy's waist, and leaned in to rest his forehead against the back of Roy's neck. Chon could feel Roy's back stiffen for one terrifying moment, then he relaxed against Chon. It felt like the most natural thing for Chon to then turn his head to rest his cheek against Roy's shoulder. What am I doing? a distant part of him wondered, but for once in his life, Chon refused to think past the moment. He breathed in Roy's scent, reveling in the nearness of this man that he'd thought never to see again. Then, wondrously, Roy turned his head, so that the bristle of his cheek rasped gently against Chon's face. \"Chon?\" Roy questioned softly, his voice infused with wonder. \"You followed me,\" Chon said simply. Through the stillness of the night came Roy's reply. \"I followed you.\" Why? The word danced on the edge of Chon's mind, but he was too afraid of the answer to ask. All that mattered for now was that he was embracing Roy, and Roy was . . . letting him. The moment was so tenuous and so extraordinary, Chon wondered if it was really happening. Maybe it was a dream, or maybe he had perished at the hands of Lo Fong and had been reborn into heaven. Feeling Roy's body next to his certainly fit his description of paradise. Chon leaned fully against Roy's back, feeling solid warmth of him . Roy felt like home, like journey's end to Chon, as if somehow everything in his life had only been a prelude to this. His lips were inches from Roy's cheek. Then, Chon felt one of Roy's hands move to tentatively cover his own. Chon's heart tightened painfully in his chest; he was afraid to move or to speak, unwilling to shatter the fragile purity of the moment. \"I followed you,\" Roy said again. Fido, Chon's horse, trotted up beside them, causing Roy's horse to move restlessly beneath them. Roy straightened, and Chon let him slip from his grasp. The moment was lost as reality returned in a rush. Chon knew that their relationship had changed, but exactly what that meant for them remained to be seen. \"Come on, let's get inside, partner,\" Roy said, and Chon could read nothing in his voice. Roy gestured to a small shelter hidden in the trees that Chon had overlooked. They both slid off the horse, Chon feeling suddenly unwilling to meet Roy's eyes. Chon knew that surely, Roy must also feel the new awareness between them. Fido came up behind him and nudged him gently with his head. Chon turned to tend to him, welcoming the distraction. \"Where are we?\" Chon asked in the same neutral tone Roy had used. \"An old hideout that my gang and I used to use,\" Roy said. \"We're not far from the mission where the princess will be tomorrow.\" The princess. For one moment, Chon had actually allowed his feelings for Roy to overshadow his duty to the emperor. The princess must come first, before any other considerations. But she did not wish to return to China, and his duty was now unclear. Chon knew that nothing would ever be as simple for him as following orders again. \"There's a place in the back for the horses,\" Roy said, and Chon followed him, leading Fido. The night air was cool on his face, the forest was quiet, and the sky was clear and filled with stars. In silent companionship they unsaddled their horses, but inside, Chon's thoughts were a maelstrom of conflicting desires, between his ingrained duty and what he now knew in his heart to be right. Lo Fong had called him a slave, a man who could not think for himself but only do as he was told. The scornful words had stung, but for the first time Chon allowed himself to see the truth they revealed. His life in service to the emperor had brought him little happiness, but that had never concerned him until now, when he had a glimpse of what happiness could be. He had always been an outsider, never good enough, never conforming to the standards set by his peers. He had always been alone, but had not recognized his own loneliness. Here, in this new country, he had met Roy, a man completely unfettered by convention, who had challenged everything he had believed about himself and the world. Chon had also realized that Roy's bravado could mask an emptiness that mirrored his own. Despite coming from two different worlds, Chon knew that they were intended to find each other. They were the two halves of the same soul, even if Roy had yet to realize it fully. In falling in love with Roy, Chon had found his true self as well. The princess's thoughts and wishes did matter, and so did his own. Nothing in his life would ever be the same again. He could not go back, and he would not. Chon glanced over at Roy and again felt the utter rightness, the intense pleasure of being with this man. He wished he could see what was in Roy's heart. After last night at Goldie's he had tried to make himself believe the worst about Roy, that he was only partnering with him for the gold that was Princess Pei Pei's ransom money, but even then he could not fully convince himself that Roy was motivated by avarice alone. Roy had risked his life to ride alone into Fong's camp to rescue him. Chon believed in Roy's feelings for him, but he needed so much more than friendship from him, and wasn't sure that Roy was ready for that. As if he knew he was the subject of Chon's thoughts, Roy looked up and met his gaze over the back of his horse. \"I'm sorry, Chon.\" \"Sorry for what?\" \"For what I said. For what you heard. At Goldie's. I didn't mean it.\" The words came slowly, haltingly, unlike Roy's usual easy manner. \"It's OK, Roy,\" Chon said, although the hurt from that night still lingered. \"No, it's not OK,\" Roy replied. \"Thinking about what I said--it was awful, and I didn't mean it, but at the time, I just--\" Roy stopped, exasperated. He walked around the horses to stand in front of Chon. \"Too much was happening in too short a time. Everything was too new, too fast, and it was just too easy for me to try and deny it. I don't know if I'm ready for this. I'm not making much sense, am I?\" Roy paused. \"I just don't want you to think that I'm the kind of man who betrays a friend, Chon,\" Roy said, looking intently into Chon's eyes. Chon smiled at him to ease his distress and briefly squeezed his arm. \"Please stop apologizing so we can go inside now.\" Roy smiled back, relief in his eyes as he lifted his saddlebags onto his shoulder. \"OK, partner.\" Chon grabbed his packs and followed Roy to the front of the small structure, which was scarcely large enough to be called a cabin. \"You don't think Lo Fong will come after us, do you?\" Roy asked as he pushed aside the worn leather flap that covered the doorway. \"No,\" Chon replied. \"He thinks he has won. He has the princess. Tomorrow he will have the gold. We are no threat to him.\" Roy dropped the saddlebags inside the doorway and fumbled in the darkness, then Chon heard the strike of a match as a small oil lamp was illuminated. Roy turned to face Chon, his blue eyes shining in the lamplight. \"Well, then, old baldy has just made a major miscalculation, wouldn't you say?\" He winked, and Chon smiled back helplessly at the beautiful, exasperating, charming mix of contradictions that was Roy O'Bannon. Roy set the lamp back on a small table near the door. Chon surveyed the cramped dwelling. Barely large enough for two men to turn around in, one wall was taken up by a bare wood frame cot. There were no windows or fireplace, and no covering on the dirt floor. A backless chair was the only other piece of furniture in the room. \"Your whole gang hid out here?\" Chon asked teasingly. \"Well, maybe I was between gangs at the time,\" Roy admitted dryly. Roy removed his hat and coat, hanging them on a hook on the wall. Chon eased himself down onto the bed, still sore from being on horseback and his recent fight with Lo Fong. His aching muscles reminded him that he was no longer young. If he were to change his life, to begin anew, tonight was time to make the first step. Chon had faced many perilous situations before, but none so daunting as the prospect of laying his heart bare to the man he loved. Roy sat on the chair, tipping it back to lean against the wall and watched Chon began to remove his boots. \"What happens tomorrow, Roy?\" Chon asked. \"You know what happens, Chon,\" Roy replied with an uncharacteristic edge to his voice. \"We go to the mission, rescue the princess, get the bad guy, and then you all go back to China. End of story.\" \"Is that what you want?\" Chon asked, hoping to draw Roy out. \"What kind of question is that? What does it matter what I want?\" \"To me, it matters. You should know that.\" \"You know it's not what I want, but your duty is to rescue the princess and take her back to China. It's not like you haven't told me this about a hundred times by now.\" \"No,\" Chon said deliberately, setting his boots by the foot of the bed. \"No? What do you mean, 'no'?\" Roy demanded, incredulous, pushing away from the wall so the front legs of the chair hit the floor with a thump. \"I am not going back, Roy.\" \"What?\" \"I cannot go back to my old life as Imperial Guard.\" \"Wait. Stop, stop. Why can't you go back? Is it because of you hair?\" \"No.\" He paused. \"Yes, but that is not the reason. It is because of me. I have changed. I have been in the West, and now I cannot go back to the East.\" \"Chon, you're not making sense. What about your loyalty to the emperor, what about the princess?\" \"Pei Pei also does not wish to return.\" \"I think your three Imperial Guard friends might have a thing or two to say about that.\" \"I do not care.\" Chon took a breath, searching for the words in English to convey the profound changes in his life. \"Roy, listen to me. At Goldie's, you said you were lost. You told me you were a terrible outlaw. What you said, is also true about me. Your words made me see it. In China, I was lost. I was a terrible Imperial Guard. I didn't belong. Here, I do belong.\" With you , his heart added silently. \"It is not enough for me any more to just follow orders. I must do what is right, for Pei Pei and for me.\" \"That's not going to be easy, going against everything you've known your whole life.\" \"I know. But I must do it.\" Roy leaned back against the wall again and looked up at the ceiling, exhaling softly. He shook his head slightly. Then, lowering his eyes to meet Chon's, he said \"All right, partner, what's your plan?\" \"Roy, I cannot ask you to help me. It is too dangerous.\" \"You didn't ask, I offered. We're partners, right?\" Roy asked. Despite himself, Chon could not help himself from voicing his darkest fear. \"I cannot let you have the gold.\" As soon as the words were out, he wished them back. \"Damn it!\" Roy swore, leaping from his chair quickly enough that it toppled over onto the dirt floor with a thud. He advanced on Chon, who stood to meet him. Inches apart, Roy glared at him furiously. \"I can't believe you! After everything we've been through, after I risked my neck to come back for you, you still think all I care about is the gold.\" Chon stood his ground. \"Can you deny that the gold is why you wanted to help me?\" Roy started to speak, then ran a hand through his hair and turned abruptly to pace towards the door. He turned back to face Chon, started to speak again and then stopped himself. Like quicksilver, Chon could see Roy's anger had left, and now in its place was a mixture of guilt and weary acceptance. \"OK, I admit it. Maybe that's how it started.\" He walked towards Chon, stopping in front of him again, close enough that Chon could feel the heat from his body. Chon suppressed a shiver as once again his passion for Roy sparked through him, both sweet and painful. \"But that's not the way it is now.\" He lowered his voice. \"It hasn't been about the gold for a long time now, and I think you and I both know that.\" His blue eyes pierced through Chon and he felt sure that Roy could read all his secrets. \"Roy,\" Chon began, wanting to reveal his heart to him. He put his hand on Roy's arm, but Roy shrugged it off and turned away again, to set the chair back upright. He positioned it by the doorway and sat down, his back to Chon. \"You'd better get some sleep, we'll leave at first light. I'll take the first watch,\" Roy said flatly. \"Roy,\" Chon said, exasperated. \"Listen to me. Nobody is coming. Sleep. I am sorry, I do believe in you.\" He came up and stood behind Roy, who was staring blindly at the doorway. \"Come on. Don't be so stubborn.\" \"I just thought we were past all that, Chon. You say you've changed, then why can't you believe the same about me?\" Chon could read the hurt and defensiveness in his tone. Things were not going at all as he'd hoped, and Chon suppressed his irritation at his own clumsiness in these matters. \"It was wrong of me to say.\" \"Yeah, yeah.\" Roy sighed. \"I suppose I deserved that.\" He rubbed a hand across his eyes tiredly. \"So what's your plan for tomorrow?\" Roy asked again. Chon smiled ruefully. \"I thought we would just--\" \"Wing it,\" Roy finished for him, angling his head back to look up at Chon, the mischievous gleam Chon loved so well back in his eyes. The tightness in Chon's chest eased. \"Yes,\" Chon agreed, resisting the urge to smooth Roy's bright blond hair off his forehead. \"We will wing it.\" \"All right then. Let's get some sleep. You take the bed. After all, you're the one that just got beat up by Fong.\" Roy pulled off his boots and set them beside the chair. Rising, he took the lamp off the table and walked towards the cot. Bemused, Chon followed him. Roy set the lamp down on the floor, and tossed Chon his bedroll. Chon spread the blankets on top of the straw mattress of the cot, which was proving to be as uncomfortable as it looked. He sat on the edge of the bed and watched as Roy unbuckled his gun belt and set it close by. \"Damn, I miss my guns,\" Roy muttered, as he began to unroll his bedding on the floor. Chon watched him pensively. \"You should not sleep on the floor. We can share. I'll make room.\" Roy made no reply. \"Roy,\" he urged. \"You need sleep.\" What are you afraid of? he wanted to ask, but Chon already knew the answer. He could recognize Roy's fear in himself, the result of too many years alone. Roy stood silently, motionless, before seeming to come to a decision. \"All right, move over,\" he grumbled. \"You'd better not snore.\" Chon, suppressing a smile, lay back and slid as far over as he could, until his shoulder pressed against the wall. Roy stretched out on his side with his back to Chon, leaning down to blow out the lamp. Inky darkness enveloped them. Despite the total absence of light, or perhaps because of it, Chon was vibrantly aware of Roy lying next to him. Although their bodies were not touching, Roy's heat seemed to burn through him. Before he could think of what to do next, Roy spoke. \"Are you sure about this, Chon? About staying?\" \"Yes. Here is where I belong.\" \"You'd better think about what you are saying, Chon, because it changes everything.\" \"I know.\" The words seem to hang suspended in the darkness, as both men weighed their meaning. \"I am tired Roy, too much talking,\" Chon said softly. \"You forget, talking is the only thing I am good at.\" \"I don't think so.\" His heart pounding, Chon put his hand on Roy's arm. The contact was electric, and his every nerve seemed to catch fire. \"Chon. Take your hand off me,\" Roy whispered, but unlike the previous times he'd said those words, there was a catch to his voice. \"No,\" Chon replied. He shifted onto his side, moving his hand slowly up Roy's arm, feeling the younger man shiver under his touch. His hand reached Roy's shoulder and moved under the collar of Roy's shirt to caress his neck, Chon's thumb gently tracing Roy's throat. Touching Roy evoked a sweet, wild longing Chon had never experienced before. The warm, silken glide of Roy's skin under his fingertips was doing terrible and wonderful things to him. \"Chon . . . \" Roy breathed. \"What are you--?\" His voice broke off in a half gasp, as Chon moved closer and pressed his lips to Roy's ear. \"Oh, God.\" The feel of Roy's skin beneath his lips was even more intoxicating, and Chon moved closer to press up behind him. His arm encircled Roy, his lips exploring the back of his neck. He couldn't get close enough to him, he wanted to devour him, to crawl inside his skin. He hungered for Roy's taste, his touch, as he had never hungered before. \"Stop, stop,\" Roy protested breathlessly. At the sound of his voice, Chon drew back reluctantly. He burned for this man, he ached for him with every fiber of his being--he didn't think he would be able to bear it if Roy truly wished him to go no further. \"Roy. Do you really wish me to stop?\" There was a brief moment of silence, during which Chon felt he surely ceased to breathe and his universe seemed to hang suspended in the balance. Then, Roy shifted, turning in Chon's arms to face him. Roy's hand came up to touch the side of Chon's face, and Chon longed to be able to see his expression. \"No.\" The word was breathed onto his lips just before Roy met him in a kiss. Their mouths came together and Chon realized that he had been wrong earlier to think that merely holding Roy had been paradise. This was heaven, the taste of him, the silk of his hair, the warmth of his breath. Roy's lips parted and their tongues met in deep, slow exploration. They kissed endlessly, the raw, physical pleasure making Chon dizzy. Then Roy's hands were on him, reaching for the buttons of Chon's shirt, his passion matching Chon's own. As the last button slipped from it's mooring, Roy's hands smoothed over Chon's chest, and he groaned against Roy's lips. The realization that Roy wanted him spread liquid fire through Chon's body. Roy broke the kiss, his mouth blazing a fiery trail down Chon's neck. As Roy's lips grazed his collarbone, Chon spoke. \"It is because of you, Roy. I cannot leave, because I love you.\" He had not intended to speak the words aloud, but they pressed forth of their own accord. Roy suddenly stilled his movements, and Chon wanted to cry out at the loss of him. \"Stop,\" Roy said, his voice ragged and broken. \"Don't say that, I can't do this if you say things like that. You don't know what will happen tomorrow. Just -- don't talk.\" Chon smiled sadly in the darkness, understanding everything that Roy was trying to tell him. \"No more talking, then.\" He pulled Roy back to him, and his kiss this time tasted of bittersweet longing. He could be a patient man, and Roy was worth an eternity of waiting if necessary. And, if tonight was to be all the heaven that he was allowed on earth during this lifetime, then Chon would make sure that it was enough. After all, it was already so much more than he'd ever dreamed.[Chapter 2] Longing By Armida Summary: A sequel to \"Following.\" After the princess has been rescued and the celebrations are over, Chon and Pei Pei discuss the future. A/N (from 2001): I hadn't planned on writing a sequel, but here it is. Thanks to everyone who wrote to me after \"Following,\" this is for you. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The hour was late, and the festivities at the railroad camp were quieting down. Chon sat by himself, half concealed by shadows on the edge of the camp. He was bone tired, but feared that sleep would elude him tonight. He knew he should be feeling many things, but he felt nothing other than the dull throb of his various physical injuries. Chon welcomed the pervasive numbness, the absence of emotion. If he allowed himself to feel anything, he feared he would be consumed by the rending ache that had accompanied the sight of Roy kissing Falling Leaves earlier this evening. Kissing her, and then leaving the celebration hand in hand with her, all the while determinedly avoiding meeting Chon's eyes. Last night, he and Roy had become lovers. They had come together with a passion tinged with desperation that was unlike anything Chon had ever experienced before. In the darkness Chon had mapped Roy's body by touch and taste, learning every inch of him. If it was to be the only night they had together, Chon hadn't wanted to waste a second of their time with sleep. Yet as the night ebbed, sleep had finally claimed him. When Chon gad awakened in the gray light of dawn, Roy had greeted him with a determined coolness that, while not completely unexpected, had chilled him to the marrow. The bottom had dropped out of Chon's world so quickly it had almost given him vertigo. He felt anger and disappointment, love and longing, but most of all a gut-wrenching sadness. He hadn't had time to feel these things, he had reminded himself. They'd had to focus on the task at hand, recovering the princess. Chon would not allow himself to wallow in self-pity. His years of training and discipline had taken over, allowing him to purge himself of distracting emotions. As they rode together to the mission, Chon and Roy had seemed to come to a wordless understanding that they would not speak of the night before. The rhythm of their friendship could be reestablished, and if it was only a hollow shell of what they'd had before, Chon thought could accept that for the moment. And then they were at the mission, confronting Lo Fong and VanCleef, and there was no more time to think. Later, Chon had almost convinced himself that it would be enough for now to have Roy's friendship. They had cheated death in the mission, and it had bonded them even closer together. He'd thought that he'd be able to wait patiently, stoically for Roy to come to him on his own terms. Seeing Roy with Falling Leaves made him realize how foolishly overconfident he'd been. He could wait, yes, but it would not be easy. That had been over an hour ago, and that was why Chon now sat alone, wrapping himself in a cloak of dispassion. He knew that Roy was not trying to hurt him; he rather suspected that the younger man was coping with the events of the last 24 hours the only way he knew how. Unfortunately, that knowledge did little to ease Chon's misery. It was better to feel nothing at all. He felt a light touch on his shoulder and looked up to see the princess standing next to him, smiling gently. In the dying firelight, she was radiantly lovely. As Chon mustered an answering smile, he mused that once he had believed himself to be in love with Princess Pei Pei. In his former life as an Imperial Guard, she had been an idealized vision of beauty and perfection in his severe, ordered life. From afar, he had worshipped her. Those feelings were pale and bloodless compared to the firestorm of emotions that made up his love for Roy. \"Chon Wang, may I speak with you?\" the princess asked quietly in Mandarin. \"Of course, your highness. Please, sit,\" he replied, indicating a crate next to his. She remained standing. \"I would prefer if we could speak in my tent.\" \"Princess Pei Pei, that would not be proper.\" She laughed softly. \"Please. You must call me Pei Pei now. I am no longer a princess. And while I appreciate your concern, after being Lo Fong's unwilling guest here for the last several weeks, I think my reputation is unlikely to suffer further damage.\" Her voice was light, but Chon was beginning to realize the extent of the ordeal she had suffered. Yet, she had emerged a stronger person, full of resolve. The princess was a woman of rare courage, and he admired her for it. \"Yes, of course,\" he replied. He stood, and as she had earlier in the evening, she reached for his hand and clasped it gently. Her touch was warm and reassuring, and he realized that he did still love her, only not in the manner he'd thought before. As he followed her through the now-empty camp, he remembered the day that she was born. He had been young then, barely 18, new to the Forbidden City. Even though she had not been the hoped-for son, her birth had been cause for celebration. Over the years, their paths had crossed infrequently, yet he felt as if he'd watched her grow up, from a mischievous, laughing child to the solemn and reserved young woman she had become. Now, he was seeing another side of her--a warm, human side. It would be difficult to overcome his years of training and service to be able to speak freely with her, to treat her as a person and not a princess. They reached her tent and he followed her inside. She lit the lamp and motioned for him to sit next to her on the bed. He did so, leaving a respectful distance between them. \"Chon Wang, I wish to thank you again for saving my life today,\" she began formally, still speaking their native language. \"I owe you a debt of gratitude.\" Chon bowed his head slightly. \"You are most welcome, my lady. However, you owe me no debt. I only did what was right, and in doing so, we both have been set free.\" \"What you say is true. We are both now free, to pursue our true destinies. And mine is here, with these people. Never before have I felt such a sense of purpose. I feel as if I have come to life for the first time. I was born this morning in that mission.\" Her eyes glowed and her voice brimmed with enthusiasm. Chon couldn't help but be affected by it, and smiled back at her. \"What will you do now?\" he asked. \"So many things. I hardly know where to begin. The living and working conditions at this camp must be improved. I wish to start a school for the children here. For both the boys and the girls. They will learn English, learn about this new land, but also our own traditions and history. I want us to be a part of the community of Carson City, to be full and equal citizens. I know that there is talk of appointing your friend, Mr. O'Bannon, sheriff, with you as his deputy.\" At the unexpected mention of Roy's name, Chon felt a swift stab of pain lance through his carefully constructed shield. He struggled to keep his face impassive and voice even as he replied. \"Yes, this is true.\" \"Have you considered the good you could do in such a position in the community? If you would agree to help me in this I know that together we could accomplish much.\" \"Of course I will help you, my lady.\" \"Please, Wang, you must call me Pei Pei.\" \"Pei Pei,\" he said, and she smiled brilliantly in return. He was filled with admiration for her, for the woman she was and not his former idealized image. He was beginning to come to know her as a person. She was not an icon, but a flesh and blood woman of vision and inner beauty. She took his hand in both of hers. \"Chon Wang, destiny has brought you to me. You have changed my life, and now together we will be able to change the lives of our people here in America.\" \"I have done nothing. You are the one who will make the difference. You inspire our people.\" \"But together, we could do so much more.\" She paused, and Chon thought she looked almost nervous. \"We could be married,\" she said suddenly, and then looked away shyly. Whatever he'd been expecting her to say, it was not this . \"Princess--\" he began. \"Please listen. We would be companions in life and our work. We do not know each other well, this is true, but that would come with time. I know we would grow to care for one another. The important thing would be the good we could do together. Even Mr. O'Bannon suggested our marriage today.\" That memory brought another unwelcome reminder of Roy. Chon was at a loss. The events of the last few days had been overwhelming. His bittersweet night with Roy seemed years in the past after this endless, difficult day. And now, the Princess Royal of China was proposing marriage to him. It was simply too much for him to take in. Once, marriage to the princess would have been his secret heart's desire. Now, the thought only filled him with emptiness. \"You honor me, Pei Pei,\" he began carefully. \"But you deserve so much more, someone who will truly love you. My love for you is a father's love, the affection of someone who has known and served you all your life.\" \"People marry for many reasons. Love rarely enters into it, as I well know. Surely this is a worthy reason.\" \"You mustn't forget, I am already married.\" \"Ah yes. To that interesting young lady, Falling Leaves. She is a very astute young woman. As you helped me follow my destiny, you also helped her. In choosing you, you gave her what she most wanted, her freedom. She acted without malice towards you, but you were the means to an end for her.\" Just like I would be the means to an end for you as well, noble as your cause may be, Chon thought to himself. The princess was right to an extent about Falling Leaves, but his relationship with her was more complicated than that. Certainly, he felt no anger towards her. Falling Leaves may have used him, but he had allowed himself to be used. She had helped him in many ways, saving both his life and Roy's, and if she did love Roy, he could not begrudge her that. It was a feeling he certainly understood. That didn't make it any less difficult, however. \"Even if you were free, though, I sense the answer would still be no,\" the princess continued. Chon felt suddenly cold, dreading her next words. Surely, she could not know-- \"It's him, isn't it? Mr. O'Bannon,\" she said, and his heart sank. Her voice was kind and understanding, but Chon didn't want her kindness and understanding right now. He wanted to be alone, to have some peace. He did not want to probe the open wound that was his feelings for Roy. Yet, Chon refused to be shamed by what he felt. He met her gaze evenly. \"Yes,\" he replied. He braced himself for her censure, but instead she squeezed his hand again and her dark eyes were filled with compassion. \"You are not shocked by this?\" Chon asked, surprised. \"No. Once, I might have been. I have learned not to turn one's back on love just because it does not fit with someone else's description of what it should be. I was raised with every luxury in life except knowing that I was loved. I was an ornament, a commodity to be sold in marriage by my family. I have learned that love has many faces. When freely given and accepted, it is the rarest and most precious of gifts and should not be denied for reasons of convention.\" \"And yet, you would marry without love.\" Refusing to be sidetracked, the princess waved her hand dismissively. \"That is different. Does your Mr. O'Bannon know that you love him?\" \"He knows,\" Chon answered uncomfortably, finding it hard to comprehend that he was discussing his romantic feelings for another man with the princess. It was yet another indication of the many strange turns his life had taken over the last weeks that he could even speak of this with her. \"And yet, he left tonight with Falling Leaves.\" Chon flinched. Her words cut through his defenses and left his emotions raw and bleeding. He desperately tried to think of a way he could leave without offending the princess. \"It is hard for him,\" is all he could manage to say. \"A man such as he, you realize he may never be able to freely return what you offer. I hope he is worthy of you.\" Chon bristled at her well-meaning criticism of Roy. He did not want to think about Roy, and he did not want to talk about Roy. More specifically, he did not want to talk about Roy with the princess. He knew that she was sincerely concerned about him, but that didn't make it any easier to bear. He was so deeply tired and heartsick, he just wanted this day to end. \"You underestimate him. You do not know him as I do. He is brave and true, and do not forget that he, too, risked himself to save you. He is a fine and honorable man.\" \"He is lucky to have your devotion. I hope he realizes his good fortune,\" she said a touch wistfully. Chon could listen no longer. \"Forgive me, my lady. It is very late and I must leave you now.\" He gently disengaged his hand from hers. \"Where will you go?\" \"I will find a place to sleep, with Guen Yi and the other guards.\" \"Please stay here,\" she urged. \"Chen Mai will not return tonight,\" she said, referring to the elderly woman who had discovered her identity. \"You can sleep in her bed.\" She indicated the empty cot at the far side of the tent. \"Pei Pei,\" he began, \"it would not be--\" She held up a hand to silence him. \"Not another word about my reputation,\" she grinned, looking very much like the child he had glimpsed on occasion in the Forbidden City many years ago. \"All right,\" he agreed, too tired to argue further with her, and too distracted to think clearly anymore. In truth, he doubted he had the strength to walk to the tent the former Imperial Guards had settled in. The princess stood, and he rose with her, wincing slightly. \"Sleep well, Chon Wang,\" she said, leaning in to brush his cheek with a kiss. \"And you, my lady,\" he replied, before turning and crossing to the other bed. He turned back to see her drawing the curtain that separated their beds. \"To protect your modesty,\" she teased. Chon sank down onto the canvas camp bed, too tired to even remove his boots. His entire body felt like one enormous bruise. He was fairly certain that he'd cracked one of his ribs when he'd fallen from the scaffolding in the mission today. He welcomed the distraction of his various injuries, for physical pain was something familiar, something he could control through his years of discipline. He eased himself back and pulled a blanket over himself. Alone with his thoughts at last, memories of last night flooded his mind. Chon had felt transformed by the passion that they'd shared in the darkness of that solitary cabin and could not have imagined that Roy would not feel the same way. He longed for Roy's touch, recalling the feel of his skin against him, his scent, and his taste. Resolutely he pushed such thoughts aside. Tonight, he vowed, he wouldn't think about Roy. You knew it would be like this, yet you did it anyway . Who would have thought that his greatest happiness would also bring his greatest despair? Yet he didn't regret loving Roy, he couldn't regret it. Tonight, he would try to sleep and then tomorrow he would be able to face Roy on his terms. He would be his friend, his deputy, whatever Roy needed him to be. As he stared blindly at the canvas roof of the tent, he almost convinced himself that this would be possible. Outside, several hundred feet away, a lone figure stood silently. As the light inside the princess's tent was extinguished, Roy O'Bannon turned and walked slowly away into the darkness. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx A/N: So here it is, the first of the sequels from 2001. There are a few more chapters to come, I will post them over the next week.[Chapter 3] A/N & Summary: Thensequel to \"Longing,\" third in the \"Following\"nseries. Roy reflects on what he thinks he's seen. This is my attemptnat Roy's POV. Roy'snEpiphany By Armida Well, hell. Chon and the princess,ntogether in her tent. This probably shouldn't surprise me. I shouldanfigured that he'd end up with her. The way he talked about her Incould tell he was crazy in love with her. Not that I could blame him.nShe is a beautiful woman. \"You are not fit tontalk about her,\" he'd said, but what he'd really meant wasn\"hands off, she's mine.\" That's right, I can see it allnnow. He's always wanted her. Never mind that justnlast night he was with me, I kissed him, he put his hands on me, andnhe told me he loved-- But wait a minute. Thisnis a good thing. I'm glad they're together. I was getting a littlenworried about my ol' buddy Chon. I mean, it's one thing for two guysnwho are alone on the trail to help each other out in the absence ofnfemale companionship, if you know what I mean. It happens. It doesn'tnmean anything. It seemed to me that Chon was taking things a bit toonseriously, saying \"I love you\" and all that. Guys justndon't say that to each other. So it's a good thingnthat he's gotten over all those crazy notions and that he's with thenprincess. I'm relieved, yes I sure am. It is a load off my mind. Innfact, I'm happy for him. I'm happy that they're together, right now.nAlthough it does seem just a little strange that he could be with hernjust one night after he was telling me I'm the reason he didn't wantnto go back to China. That's a heavy burden to put on a man, tellingnhim something like that. To think that anyone, especially me, couldnbe the reason for a decision like that--it's just too much. But, nonmatter now. He's with her.. You gotta wonder,nthough--how well does he know this princess anyway? I mean, I'm happynfor him and all, but it seems a little sudden. Chon is a nice guy,nbut he's a little too trusting. Like I said, he's a greenhorn. Shencould take advantage of him and he wouldn't even know it until it wasntoo late. What if she doesn't love him? She could break his heartnwithout even meaning to. Chon's the type of person who takes thingsntoo seriously, always talking about his honor, and his duty. I'm just a littlenworried about him, that's all. I want him to be careful because Inlike the guy. He's my friend. We're partners. We're good together.nBut, that's all there is between us, and that's all there ever cannbe. He must know that by now. After all, I'm Roy O'Bannon, formernwanted man, known to drive girls crazy. The ladies love me, and Inlove them. Take Falling Leaves,nfor instance. She's beautiful, and she's crazy about me. I know thatnChon saw me leave with her tonight, and he looked a little upset, butnI didn't mean to hurt him. I feel bad that he saw us together, now,nbut maybe it was a good thing. In fact, it was a good thing for himnto see me with a woman. So he doesn't get any more ideas about himnand me. He did look hurt,nthough. It was a pretty awful thing for me to do, I know.. But,nnothing happened with me and Falling Leaves, anyway. Well, not much.nNot that I didn't want it to, because I did. She's a beautiful woman;nany man would want her. I was just tired, and had drunk too muchnwhiskey. Things like that happen to every man once in a while. Itncan't be helped. It didn't mean anything. I know that there's notna problem with Little Roy, because last night everything worked justnfine. More than fine. Three times, as a matter of fact. Where didnChon learn how to do those things, anyway? It surely wasn't ImperialnGuard school. God, just thinking about it, his hands and his mouthnand--OK, see? No problem with Little Roy. Whew. OK Roy, focus.nProbably not a good idea to think about that right now. Anyway. What happened withnFalling Leaves, though, it wasn't because I was thinking about him,nor thinking about last night. That's just insane. Like I said, she isna beautiful woman. Just because her kisses didn't taste right, ornbecause she didn't touch me the way he did, that doesn't meannanything either. It wasn't because Inmiss him already, although I do. I hate this strangeness between us.nI miss the way we used to be together, the funny things he'd say, thenway he made me laugh. I could tell him anything. He trusts me and Inhurt him and I hate that. I've never felt closer to anyone, but Inmean only as a friend. As buddies. That's all. Anything else is justnnot possible. OK, so last night wasngreat--was spectacular actually--but it was just one night. It can'tnbe anything more than that. Now, he's with the princess, and I'mnhappy for them. In fact, they're together right now, and he'sntouching her, and he's kissing her, making love to her. To her. Not me. Last night he told menhe loved me--me, Roy O'Bannon the screw-up. Nobody's ever said thatnto me before, at least not so that I'd believe it. He told me henloved me, and what did I do? I told him to stop talking. I acted likena jerk. And now he's with her. Not me. Oh hell. I'm in seriousntrouble here, aren't I? xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx A/N – There are twonmore chapters to go in the series. I'll post them in the next week.[Chapter 4] Midnight By Armida Summary and A/N: The sequel to \"Roy's Epiphany,\" fourth in the \"Following\" series. Roy must make a decision. This takes place about four months after \"Roy's Epiphany.\" Please note that the Carson City I describe bears only incidental resemblance to the real Carson City of the 1870's. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx San Francisco. Two days ago, Chon had sat in that very chair on the other side of Roy's desk and told him he was going to San Francisco. Not for a visit, not for a vacation, but permanently. With the work on the V&T; railroad line coming to a close, Princess Pei Pei had decided San Francisco would be the place to relocate their crusade to better the lives of Chinese people, or something like that. Roy hadn't much listened to anything Chon had said after that as he'd tried to assimilate the knowledge that Chon was leaving. Roy's mind had been reeling. For one of the first times in his life, he had been speechless. Chon had looked at him with a question in his eyes, one that they both knew Roy was not prepared to answer. \"Do you have anything to say, Roy?\" Chon had asked after a lengthy and uncomfortable silence. Recovering himself, Roy had stood hastily. Walking to the other side of the desk, he had shaken Chon's hand and said with false heartiness, \"Good luck to you, Chon. You've been a great partner and will be hard to replace.\" Roy cringed inwardly at his tone and choice of words. 'Hard to replace?' A brief flicker of emotion had crossed Chon's face before he smiled mechanically, turned and left the office. \"Shit!\" Roy swore aloud as he sat in his empty office two days later, recalling that afternoon. He poured himself another whiskey. It was a little early in the day to be drinking, even for him, but God how he needed it. Nothing had been right between them for months now. They worked together, side by side as partners, but it was an uneasy partnership at best. Things would be going fine for a while, and then their eyes would meet, or hands brush accidentally, and everything would come crashing down again. They never spoke of what had happened between them the night before they had rescued Princess Pei Pei. Just because Roy never mentioned it didn't mean that it wasn't on his mind. It was. Constantly. His memories haunted him and kept him awake countless nights. Roy thought back and wondered again what had come over him that night. Maybe it had been their uncertain future, or the magic of the two of them riding away together under an endless, midnight sky. Roy had tried to believe that it had been an aberration, that once done he could forget about it, but he knew that he could never forget. He yearned for Chon, a deep aching so constant that he'd thought by now he'd have grown accustomed to it. He hadn't. Each day he denied himself, those feelings only intensified. What was more surprising to Roy was that even more than physical aspects of their relationship, he missed their friendship and Chon's companionship. He missed the easy camaraderie between them. For the first time he allowed himself to put a name to what he'd known in his heart all along. He was in love with Chon. There. He'd admitted it, if only to himself. He loved Chon. Who'd have thought that he, Roy O'Bannon, could come to care for another person so deeply? He'd always prided himself on avoiding emotional attachments. \"I'm like a wild horse, you can't tame me,\" he'd told Falling Leaves. Sure, at the time he was being a little dramatic, but there was truth in his words. Life was easier that way. His whole life he'd had a restless wanderlust that had taken him from his home in Philadelphia to the West when he was barely out of childhood. He'd always felt lost, never belonging anywhere, until he'd met Chon. That was the great irony--finding a place for himself with someone he couldn't have. Roy knew that love wasn't enough. The kind of magic they'd shared that night couldn't last, wouldn't hold up in the cold light of day. The issue wasn't if he loved Chon. The issue was that they lived in the real world, where there was no place for the reckless passion of two men. He had been with men before--furtive, empty encounters on the trail when loneliness had overcome good sense. Yet Roy had never made love with a man before that night in the cabin with Chon. The experience was beyond compare. Loving another man, loving Chon -- Roy knew that would irrevocably change him. He wasn't sure he was willing to accept that change. Roy didn't consider himself to be a brave man. His whole life, he had taken the easiest path. It didn't take courage to jump aboard a speeding train to rob it; it took a careless disregard for your own life. He didn't have the kind of courage it took to be with Chon, and he knew it. He wasn't hurting Chon on purpose. Roy knew this was just the way things had to be. Surely, Chon could see that as well. When did my life become so damn complicated? Roy wondered for the hundredth time. Things used to be so easy, just me and my gang, riding out on some easy jobs--a train or a stagecoach--and then back to the cat house. That was the life. I was happy then. Until he came. Roy tried to work up some self-righteous anger towards Chon, but knew that he was just fooling himself. He hadn't been happy. His life hadn't been ideal and wonderful. It had been empty and directionless. And lonely. As sheriff, he should have had it all -- a well paying job including a house on the edge of town; work that he actually enjoyed, at least some of the time; respectability, friends. Any man would be satisfied with what he had, but he wasn't. Roy discovered he was more restless than ever. Now Chon was leaving, and Roy knew it was because of him. He knew that Chon was not in love with Princess Pei Pei; it hadn't taken long for Roy to figure that one out. That and the fact that he had point-blank asked Chon about the night Roy had seen them together. Chon had reacted with the typical snit about Roy daring to refer to the princess in such a fashion. Then, he had added quietly, \"You know I could not be with another.\" The heat behind those words had made Roy burn anew. He had quickly turned away. Roy tried again to get angry. What did Chon want from him? Why couldn't they go back to the way things were? Even as he asked himself that, he knew that they could never go back. Every day he was reminded why, in hundreds of ways. He never visited Goldie's anymore. There wasn't any point, really; it just led to more humiliation. Falling Leaves had long since left for parts unknown, leaving him with one of her maddeningly knowing smiles. And then there was the sweet torture of being with Chon every day. Roy would find himself mesmerized by the graceful way he moved, by the strong, compact lines of his body. Sometimes, he would feel Chon's eyes on him when he thought Roy wasn't looking, and it was slowly driving him crazy. He would even have to abruptly leave the room at times to escape the temptation of Chon's presence and his own aching need. I can't do this! We can't be anything more than what we are now. What kind of life would that be? Always hiding what we felt, worried about people finding out. I am not like that! That's no kind of life. It's too hard, and I just can't do it. It's better that he leaves. The door opened and Roy looked up wearily, wondering what non-crisis he was going to have to attend to now. Another fight at the saloon? Cows loose on Main Street? To his surprise, Princess Pei Pei stepped across the threshold and entered the office. She had taken to wearing Western clothing of late, and was very striking in a high necked, blue dress. \"Well, your highness,\" Roy drawled, remaining seated. \"What an unexpected pleasure. What brings you to the sheriff's office today?\" Even Roy was taken aback by the nasty tone of his voice. Christ, he was becoming a mean drunk. Intellectually, he knew none of this was Pei Pei's fault. Unfortunately for her, she just happened to be the one present to be the beneficiary of his foul mood. Pei Pei displayed no visible reaction to his words. Impassively, she said, \"I am looking for Chon Wang. He is expecting me.\" \"Now, there's a surprise,\" Roy continued despite himself. \"He's gone to the telegraph office. He should be back shortly.\" \"Then I shall wait,\" she said, settling herself on a bench across the room and regarding Roy evenly. \"Suit yourself,\" Roy grumbled. Great, what am I going to do now with her sitting there staring at me? Her steady gaze made him feel guilty and uncomfortable. Petulantly, he shoved the whiskey bottle back in a drawer and slammed it shut. He stood, grabbing his hat and jamming it on his head. \"I have a few things to take care of. You're free to wait here, Princess.\" He didn't really have anywhere to go, but anything was better than staying here. He had his hand on the door handle when Pei Pei spoke. \"I can understand why you would prefer to be angry at me rather than to accept responsibility for your own unhappiness. It must be easier for you this way.\" Roy stopped short, stunned. He turned slowly to face her. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You are upset because Chon is leaving. You have convinced yourself that it is because of me, when you know in your heart it is because of you,\" she said serenely. Roy couldn't believe his ears. Was this really the princess speaking to him this way? Prior to this, their only interaction had been mutual exchanges of pleasantries. Roy's surprise was being quickly replaced by outrage. \"Thank you kindly for the benefit of your vast wisdom, but you don't know anything about it. Plus, you've got it all wrong -- and it's none of your business.\" \"I am not trying to anger you, I only speak the truth. And, Wang is my business.\" 'Wang?' Since when in the hell does she call him 'Wang'? \"Yes, you've turned him into your lap dog, haven't you? And now he's following you to San Francisco.\" \"That is not the way it is, Mr. O'Bannon, and you know it. He is desperately unhappy. You are clearly miserable. If you two can't see the obvious solution, then it is up to me to point it out to you.\" This was unbelievable. Was she saying what he thought she was saying? And, did she think he was a half-wit who couldn't figure this out for himself? \"There is no 'obvious solution' for us, Princess, that's the damn problem,\" Roy shot back without thinking. His face reddened when he realized what he had tacitly admitted. Damn, he had to ease up on the whiskey. Pei Pei smiled beatifically. \"Do you love him?\" Roy could feel his jaw drop. Divine intervention in the form of Chon returning from the telegraph office prevented Roy from having to form a response. Chon greeted them both warily, sensing the highly charged atmosphere in the room. He looked from one to the other curiously. \"Roy? Pei Pei? What is going on?\" \"Nothing, Chon,\" Roy replied a little too hastily. \"I was just leaving.\" He strode out the door, banging it shut behind him. Once in the street, Roy stood still, breathing deeply. He was annoyed to realize that he was shaking . What in the hell was that all about? I can't believe that Chon told her about us! Or, could she tell just by looking at us? Is it that obvious? he panicked. Then, angrily , What right of hers is it to give me advice, anyway? My life is just fine without her putting her two cents in . Realizing that he was attracting attention by standing in the middle of the street, Roy made a decision. Crossing to the other side, he headed towards the saloon and the familiar comfort of a bottle of whiskey. ooooooooooooooooooo The days passed quickly, and the eve of Chon's departure arrived sooner than Roy anticipated. The following morning, Chon and Pei Pei would take the early stage to Reno, where they would board the transcontinental line to San Francisco. Roy had discovered through a lifetime of experience that his best method of dealing with potentially unpleasant situations was through avoidance. To that end, he had left the office early without saying goodbye to Chon. Roy could not imagine any possible scenario in which their leave taking would not be painful and unbearable. Entering the saloon, Roy caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror behind the bar. For a second, he almost didn't recognize himself. His eyes were bloodshot, his skin pasty looking. Roy took cold comfort in the thought that he felt even worse than he looked. My God, you're a sorry excuse for a man, O'Bannon he told himself. This is what you've come to, hiding from Chon in the saloon. He wondered when he'd become this angry, bitter stranger that he despised. Grabbing a bottle and a glass from the bartender, Roy settled in at a corner table. He intended to drink himself senseless and when he awoke, Chon would be gone. Not a very admirable plan, but effective nonetheless. Surprisingly, the saloon was quiet and almost empty considering it was a Friday night. He must have a forbidding air about him, since the few patrons who were present were giving him a wide berth. Roy took another sip of his drink and stared unseeingly at the amber liquid, lost in thought. Distantly, he heard the saloon doors swing open, and then out of the corner of his eye saw someone slide into the empty chair next to him. He didn't have to look up to see who it was--his increased heart rate told him everything he needed to know. \"Chon,\" he said tersely, still not looking up. \"Evening, Roy.\" Chon waved the bartender over and asked for another glass. He then poured himself a generous portion from Roy's bottle. \"Help yourself,\" Roy groused. Chon took a small sip and then stated quietly, \"You were not going to say goodbye.\" Still staring at his glass as if it was the most fascinating thing in the world, Roy replied. \"That was the idea, yes.\" He felt a cold anger build inside him. Why did Chon have to come here and make things harder? \"I thought you were a better man than that.\" \"Well, you were wrong then! About a lot of things, it seems,\" Roy snapped. \"I am not wrong about you, Roy.\" His voice was low and warm, and Roy couldn't bear it. Heartsick, Roy started to get up to leave, but Chon put a hand on his arm to stay him. Roy felt the contact burn through him and pulled his arm away. But he sat back down. Silence. Roy's heart pounded, and he had to make a conscious effort to keep his hand from shaking as he reached for his glass again. Tension filled the space between them. Chon's nearness was as intoxicating as always. Roy felt conflicted, trapped--wanting to escape, but at the same time desperate to stay. Finally, he could stand it no longer. He turned at last to look at Chon. \"Why did you come here?\" Chon didn't answer. His eyes searched Roy's face. \"You look awful.\" Roy laughed harshly. \"Thank you very much, Chon. If that's what you came here to say, well you can leave now. Go off to San Francisco.\" \"I will miss you, Roy.\" \"You're the one who's leaving,\" Roy bit out. \"This is why I must leave! You are so unhappy. I have done this. You drink too much, and it hurts me to look at you now.\" Roy was at a loss for words. This was too much, too painful. He needed to leave, to just get up and walk away from Chon, but he couldn't, knowing it would be for the last time. He returned to staring into his drink, trying to banish the pricking sensation in his eyes. The longing to touch Chon was almost a tangible thing. It was inconceivable that he would be able to survive without him, and yet he must. Chon continued. \"I do not want to leave you, but I think it is the best thing to do. I will never forget you. You are a part of me, Roy, and I cannot help what I feel. I love you.\" Chon spoke the words aloud for the first time since that night in the cabin. God. A part of Roy had been expecting this, even hoping for it, but the reality was something entirely different. Why did he have to come here, why did he have to say that to me, and look at me that way, and make me want him so damn much? Roy closed his eyes. \"Chon, don't. Just . . . don't. Don't say anything else. You shouldn't have come here. You should have just left things the way they were.\" \"I am trying to understand why you do this. I thought at first, you do not feel the same way. Now I know that is not the problem.\" \"It doesn't matter what I feel!\" Roy hissed, glancing around to make sure they were not attracting any attention. To his relief, they were unobserved. Keeping his voice low, he continued. \"The problem is me, Chon. I'm a coward. I'm not brave enough to change my life for you. That's the truth of it. If you do l-- care about me that way,\" Roy said, unable to say the word aloud, \"I'd advise you to get over it. You'd be wasting yourself on me. I'm not worth it.\" \"Do not talk about yourself that way. You are not what you say. I know the man you truly are. That man I shall always love.\" Every word burned into Roy like acid until he could hear no more. He stood. \"This is pointless. You've said enough -- I don't want to argue with you. You shouldn't have come here. Goodnight, Chon.\" Roy turned and left the saloon without a second glance, every step that took him farther away from Chon an effort. Once out the door, he let out a shaky breath. Steady, Roy. He had planned to sleep in his office that night rather than return to his house on the edge of town. He had figured it would be one more way to avoid having to see Chon. Even though that was no longer an issue, he still headed blindly in that direction. He was half amazed his legs would even carry him. He felt overwhelmed by sorrow and self-loathing. Reaching the sheriff's office, Roy unlocked the door and went inside. Just before the door closed behind him, a silent figure slipped through. Roy looked up -- it was Chon, his eyes so dark, so full of everything that was between them. Before Roy could speak, before he could breathe, Chon was pressed up against him, and then, Oh God he was kissing him. By instinct Roy's arms came up, pulling Chon closer to him, kissing him hungrily. He kissed him with all the longing he'd denied for the past four months. His blood pounded in his ears, and he tightened his arms, crushing Chon's mouth with painful need. Having Chon in his arms again was heaven and hell all at once, and he knew he must stop this now before his own desperate desire overwhelmed what remained of his resolve. Breathless, he broke the kiss. Against his lips, Chon breathed \"I love you, Roy.\" Roy turned his head away and released him. \"Chon, stop. I can't. I don't want this.\" His voice sounded strained, even to his own ears. Chon stepped back, his hands falling away from Roy's shoulders. Roy had to stop himself from reaching out for him. Chon's eyes burned into him. \"All right, Roy. I do not believe you, but I will respect your wishes. The stage leaves tomorrow morning. You must decide.\" With a strength he hadn't known he'd possessed, Roy walked around Chon to open the office door. He stopped, his back to the other man. \"It's no good, Chon,\" he said quietly. His breathing was ragged, and his throat burned with unshed tears. Wordlessly, Chon stepped out the door and pulled it shut behind him. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Hours later, Roy lay on the bunk in the jail cell behind his office, no closer to sleep that he'd been after Chon had left. Unfortunately, he was also sober. A storm was brewing; he listened to the rain as his mind went a million directions at once. Still shaken, he stared blankly into the darkness. Roy raised his hand and brushed his fingertips over his lips, wonderingly. After all those months, Chon's kiss was just as fiery and addictive. Nothing had changed; he would never be free of Chon. Did he even want to be? If I can just make it through this night, once he's gone I'll be fine, Roy told himself. I can get over this. Yet, in his mind's eye, he could see the look in Chon's eyes before he'd kissed him. Instead of the chill breeze of the approaching storm seeping through the window, he could feel the warm brush of Chon's hand against his flushed skin. Roy uncurled his fist, revealing the gold piece Chon had given him as a memento of their adventure that he'd been clutching like a talisman. Fool! Coward! You are the only one standing in the way of your own happiness. Time crept by. Too much time for Roy to think. Too much time for him to constantly have to remind himself why he was doing this. The trouble was, the more he reminded himself, the less valid the reasons seemed. Would this night never end? It's crazy, us being together--it wouldn't work. I can't do this, he repeated over and over like a mantra. However, all he could see were the endless, empty years ahead of him without Chon in his life. He kept coming back to one truth: he loved Chon. He never dreamed he could love another person so much. And incredibly, Chon felt the same way about him. Chon believed in him, and made Roy wish he could be the man Chon thought he was. 'You are a part of me . . . I love you.' Roy heard Chon's words in his head as clearly as if he were in the room with him. He stood hastily, running a hand through his hair. Entering his office, he yanked open the drawer to his desk where he kept his bottle of whiskey. He uncorked it and raised it to his lips, only to stop before he took a drink. He couldn't hide inside a bottle forever. \"Shit!\" he yelled, throwing the bottle against the wall so it shattered. Lightning split the sky and thunder crashed. The electricity in the air raised the hair on his arms. The wind began to howl as Roy paced the room. His temples throbbed and his heart beat wildly in his chest. 'You must decide,' Chon had said. He must decide. Roy looked inside his heart and knew he already had his answer, for the answer to all his questions was Chon. They were so different, but so right together. Chon knew him like no other person on this earth. He'd seen Roy at his best and at his worst, and through it all he'd offered nothing less than his love and acceptance. Surely that was worth fighting for. He wanted Chon. He loved him. Being together would not be easy, but to give up this chance to be happy with the one person he valued most in his life would be beyond foolishness. If his idea of happiness didn't fit in with the rest of the world's, well then the hell with them. What did he care for other people's opinions? He'd never been respectable before. Besides, the West was wide open. If they couldn't stay and make a life here, there were a hundred other places they could go. They would find a way. That is, if Roy wasn't too late. \"The hell with this,\" Roy told the empty room. Without a second thought, he flung open the door and ran out into the storm. In his haste, he'd forgotten his hat and coat. Roy hardly noticed the driving rain that quickly soaked him to the skin as he ran down the wooden planks of the sidewalk to the livery. Roy burst into the stables, startling awake Zeke, the night attendant. \"Don't mind me, Zeke. I'm just fetching my horse.\" \"You're fixin' to go out in this storm? What is it sheriff? Bandits?\" Roy was already halfway through saddling his horse Joe. \"Nothing for you to worry about. Just go back to sleep.\" \"I wasn't sleepin'!\" Zeke sputtered indignantly as Roy led his horse out into the storm. Mounting up, he spurred Joe in the direction of the railroad camp. Half blinded by the driving rain, he relied on Joe to get them safely to their destination. Roy was soaked to the bone, but he was so exhilarated it didn't matter. His heart raced, and he wanted to laugh out loud with elation. He leaned over Joe's neck, urging him on, his whole body singing with his impatience to reach Chon. The burden of guilt and self-loathing he'd been carrying for months was swept away, and in its place came anticipation, joy, and love. \"Yeehaw!\" he yelled into the wind as he rode. The thunder echoed in response. Unerringly, Joe brought Roy to Chon's small house near the railroad camp. Roy wanted to fling himself off his horse and race to the door, but forced himself to patiently lead his horse to the barn, unsaddle him, and leave him in the stall next to Fido. Back outside, the rain was tapering off. The storm was passing, and Roy could see the sky lightening in the distance with the approaching dawn. He walked up to the front of the house on shaky legs. Now that the moment was actually here, he almost hesitated. Taking a deep breath, Roy knocked on the door. He waited. After a minute, he knocked again. Nothing. He pressed his ear to the door, but didn't hear anything. Roy began to worry. What if he wasn't here? What if he'd left already? He pounded on the door, raising his voice to be heard over the rain. \"Chon, it's Roy. Let me in.\" A few seconds later, the door was flung open to reveal Chon, his hair loose, wearing only black sleeping pants. Chon blinked at him, his sleepiness vanishing to be replaced by a tentative look of wonder. \"Roy?\" he questioned softly. At the sight of Chon, any remaining doubts were swept away. Roy couldn't contain the smile of pure happiness that stole across his face. \"Well, are you going to let me in? In case you hadn't noticed, it's raining out here.\" An answering smile began in Chon's eyes. He reached out and grasped Roy's wrist, pulling him inside. \"Get in here,\" he answered with mock-severity, closing the door behind him. \"Roy, you're soaking wet! Are you crazy to be out in this storm?\" All Roy could do was grin wildly as he dripped on Chon's floor, shivering. \"Yes, I'm crazy. I must be -- riding through weather like this.\" \"Why?\" Chon asked quietly. Roy's grin faded. \"To get to you. Chon, I had to . . . I want . . . \" Roy trailed off, suddenly unsure. For the second time in as many weeks, he was speechless. Chon stepped forward, enfolding Roy in his warm embrace, uncaring of his wet clothes. One hand brushed Roy's dripping hair out of his eyes as he reached up to press a kiss on Roy's forehead. \"You don't have to explain, Roy.\" He kissed him again, making Roy shiver anew, this time not from the cold. \"You are here. That is enough.\" \"It's not enough.\" Roy closed his eyes, leaning into Chon's warmth and love. He would never withhold himself from Chon again in any way. \"I love you.\" His heart was full, and he could feel tears mix with the rainwater on his face as he returned Chon's embrace. \"I love you, Chon.\" As crazy as it might have seemed, even though they came from opposite sides of the earth they had been meant to find each other. It was a miracle, Roy mused. It was destiny, and who was he to fight destiny? For the first time in his life, everything made sense. He was with Chon. He was home. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo A/N – There is one more part to this series, an epilogue which was originally written by request as a 'smutty sequel' to the series and is mostly an extended PWP. I'm going to revise it over the next few days to clean it up to PG-13 territory, then I'll post it.[Chapter 5] A/N: Originally this was written by request and was intended to be a short PWP, letting Chon and Roy have a little fun after all the angst. Due to the constraints of this site, I've revised almost all of the sex out of it for this version. However, just to be cautious, please note that this chapter is rated \"M.\" Although intended to be short and plotless, somewhere along the way it became longer, and talkier--Roy loves to talk--and more serious, because for whatever reason I have a need to turn what was originally a fun, lighthearted movie into an extended angst-fest. The title is borrowed from the song \"Forever May Not Be Long Enough,\" by Live. Forever May Not Be Long Enough By Armida Chon stepped forward, enfolding Roy in his warm embrace, uncaring of his wet clothes. One hand brushed Roy's damp hair out of his eyes as he reached up to press a kiss on Roy's forehead. \"You don't have to explain, Roy.\" He kissed him again, making Roy shiver anew, this time not from the cold. \"You are here. That is enough.\" \"It's not enough.\" Roy closed his eyes, leaning into Chon's warmth and love. He would never withhold himself from Chon again in any way. \"I love you.\" His heart was full, and he could feel tears mix with the rainwater on his face as he returned Chon's embrace. \"I love you, Chon.\" He tightened his arms around Chon, leaning down, his face burrowing into the side of Chon's neck. He felt something inside him let go. \"I love you,\" Roy breathed against his skin. After everything, it felt so good to say that to him. Roy raised his head to look into Chon's smiling eyes. \"I love you,\" he repeated again, this time with more urgency. He didn't want to stop saying it. He couldn't stop saying it--for too long, the words had burned inside him, unspoken. Chon reached up to brush Roy's tears away with gentle hands. \"I love--\" Roy started to say again, but before the words could leave his lips Chon had covered them with his own. Chon's kiss burned through his soul, claiming him while at the same time offering him everything. Roy was shivering again; he couldn't stop shivering as he pressed himself even closer against Chon. He clung to him, half-ashamed of his own neediness. Roy's palms were lying flat against the skin of Chon's back. He slid his hands downward in a sweeping caress, then lower to slip beneath the waistband of Chon's pants. Chon flinched and drew back as far as Roy's embrace would allow. \"Roy, your hands are freezing!'' \"Mmm, you'll just have to find a way to warm them up,\" Roy murmured in what he hoped was his most seductive tone. Unfortunately, his chattering teeth marred the effect. \"First, get out of these wet clothes.\" Chon reached for the buttons of Roy's shirt as Roy leaned in for another slow, sweet kiss. Chon fought the wet material unsuccessfully until Roy started to smile against his lips. Chon pulled back and looked up at Roy. \"It's not working,\" he said, and Roy couldn't help laughing--it felt so good to laugh again. Chon's lips quirked up in the beginnings of a smile, then his eyes took on a definite mischievous glint. He firmly grasped the collar of Roy's shirt, tensing as if to tear it open. Roy quickly put his hands over Chon's. \"Wait! Stop, stop, stop,\" Roy laughed. \"This is my favorite shirt.\" Affecting an air of long-suffering patience, Roy sighed. \"Let me do it.\" After a brief struggle while Chon looked on with impatience, Roy worked the first button loose. \"See?\" Roy said triumphantly. He looked up to meet Chon's eyes. Chon's look was darkly passionate and almost predatory, and Roy felt his breath catch before the space between them disappeared. They came together almost desperately, mouths seeking, Roy's tongue delving deeper into the warm, sleek interior of Chon's mouth. Chon's hands slipped under the bottom of Roy's shirt, easing it upward. Roy released Chon and raised his arms as Chon pulled the shirt up and over his head before tossing it on the floor. Roy briefly felt the cool morning air on his skin before Chon reached for him again, pulling them together. Roy kissed him fiercely, devouring him, and Chon's response was so unreserved and welcoming that Roy's heart overflowed with love for this man. He couldn't get enough of Chon, would never get enough of him. His touch drove away all of the darkness and guilt that had been Roy's constant companions these last months. \"I'm sorry,\" Roy whispered between kisses. \"I'm so sorry for everything . . . I've been awful to you.\" \"Shh, Roy. I understand. I love you.\" As they kissed, Chon's hands traveled across the sensitized skin of Roy's chest. Roy's whole body was rigid with urgency. Roy's heart thundered beneath Chon's palm. Chon's lips followed his hands, brushing lightly. Roy's breathing became harsh and rapid as Chon moved lower. Chon's hands reached the buttons of Roy's trousers. He looked up, and Roy felt devoured by his scalding gaze. Chon worked the buttons loose as Roy's mouth went dry and breath stopped with a sharp anticipation, on the razor's edge of pain. Yet, Roy stopped Chon's hands. He didn't want this to be like last time. That night in the cabin he'd been selfish, taking from Chon and giving nothing in return. This time he wanted it to be different. Roy pulled Chon to him and kissed him again, plundering his mouth. Chon broke away and with breathless urgency he said, \"Come with me.\" He led him through the small house to the room in back where Chon slept. The room was small, barely more than a closet. Roy's look was dubious as he eyed the thin mattress on the floor. \"This is where you sleep?\" \"Roy, shhhh,\" Chon said, pushing him gently down onto the bed. Roy was mesmerized as Chon removed the thin cotton sleep pants he wore. The one time they had been together it had been under a veil of darkness. This time Roy wanted to see everything--the way Chon looked when he touched him, the way Chon's body responded to Roy's touch. \"Come here,\" Roy whispered, barely able to speak. He pulled Chon down next to him onto the bed, stretching out next to him, feasting his hands and eyes on the splendor of Chon's naked skin. Roy's fingers seemed extraordinarily sensitized to the texture of Chon's flesh. Muscles leapt beneath his slightest touch. \"You feel so good,\" Roy breathed. \"I love touching you.\" \"I love having you touch me,\" Chon replied. Roy was on fire, his body urgently demanding Chon's touch. There was an agonizing minute as Roy fought to remove his pants and boots, and then there was nothing between them. Roy moved down Chon's body relentlessly. \"Roy--?\" Chon questioned, realizing Roy's intent. \"You don't have to.\" Chon's simple words almost broke Roy's heart. I've never done this before. The thought hit him with brutal force. With the others, those faceless, forgotten men, Roy had never reciprocated. He'd used his charm to talk them into whatever he'd wanted. I've been a selfish bastard , he thought, but no more. He didn't want that for the two of them. Chon deserved better, but Roy knew he wasn't doing this out of a sense of obligation. He wanted to do it, wanted to touch Chon, to taste Chon, wanted to know everything there was to know about him. He wanted to give everything of himself to Chon, and he would. ooooooooooooooooooooooooo As soon as his body was capable of movement, Roy shifted and crawled back around to lie side by side with Chon, throwing an arm across him as he kissed his shoulder. Never in his life had he become so lost in another person, never had he reveled in the pleasure he could provide or felt such a sense of belonging. \"Wow.\" Roy realized he must be grinning at Chon like an idiot, but couldn't help himself. I could get used to this , he thought as he waited for his breathing to return to normal. The early morning sun filtered through the window, forming a warm golden pool over the bed. Chon's fingers traced a lazy pattern on Roy's arm. Roy gathered him close, feeling a peace and contentment he'd never known. He could feel Chon's eyes on him and raised his head to face him. \"What is it?\" \"You are beautiful.\" Roy almost squirmed. He could feel his face redden, and marveled that he could feel any embarrassment after the things they'd just shared. \"You're crazy, Chon. Men aren't beautiful.\" He turned his head away. Chon grasped his chin with a firm hand and turned Roy back to look at him. \"You are.\" He kissed the tip of Roy's nose. \"What happened here?\" he asked as he traced the bridge of Roy's nose with his index finger. \"Nothing. I broke it. Twice. It's not a very interesting story.\" He looked away again, trying to avoid Chon's eyes, but he would have none of it. \"Tell me?\" Chon's expressive dark eyes were wide and pleading, and Roy was helpless against that look. \"Oh come on. I hate it when you look at me like that.\" Yet, he could deny Chon nothing and if he wished, Roy would share with him even the parts of his life that he wasn't proud of recalling. \"The first time, I was only 13. I was my first time riding with a gang. I was just a kid. I think they kept me around more for entertainment than anything else.\" His eyes darkened momentarily before he continued, and Chon smoothed his hand over Roy's shoulder reassuringly. \"We were robbing a stagecoach. I . . . well, I fell off my horse,\" he said, embarrassed. He could tell that Chon realized there was more to the story, but appreciated him not pressing the issue right now. \"The second time was a few years ago. Some cowpoke accused me of cheating at poker.\" \"Were you?\" The denial sprang automatically to his lips. \"No!\" Chon simply looked at him, love and understanding in his eyes. \"I might have been,\" Roy amended. \"He beat me up pretty good. It hurt like the devil.\" Roy gave a half laugh. \"Not a very nice story, is it. I haven't lead a very admirable life,\" he said, bitterness creeping into his voice. He smiled wryly. \"So, with this nose, I'm hardly beautiful.\" Chon's touch was light as a butterfly as he ran his fingertips down the side of Roy's face. \"Yes you are. I have never seen eyes so blue. But it is your heart that makes you beautiful. I told you before, I know the man you truly are.\" Uncomfortable but pleased at the same time, Roy changed the subject. \"What about you?\" Chon smiled ruefully and rubbed his own nose. \"Fighting stick.\" \"You don't have much luck with those, do you?\" \"I have other skills that make up for it.\" Chon's voice was suspiciously deadpan. Roy gaped at him. \"Chon, was that another joke?\" Chon's eyes twinkled back at him and his lips twitched. Roy didn't know whether to laugh or kiss him, so he did both. Reluctantly, Chon drew back. \"I must go.\" Roy raised himself up on one elbow. \"What?\" \"To Pei Pei. I have to tell her I am not going with her.\" Roy exhaled and lay back, staring up at the ceiling. \"Chon . . . what you and Pei Pei are doing--it's important. You're giving hope to a lot of people. For me to put a stop to that, well, it just wouldn't be right.\" \"I am not leaving you. Do you want me to go?\" \"No! Yes.\" Roy sighed and turned to look at Chon again. \"What I mean is, I'll go with you, if that is what you want to do.\" \"You would do that?\" Chon's smile was brilliant. \"Well don't act so surprised. Of course I would.\" He looked away, almost shyly. \"I love you,\" he added in a small voice. Chon's response was to roll on top of Roy and kiss him until he was breathless. Incredibly, he could feel his body respond again and wondered if he'd ever get enough of this man he loved so much. \"I thought you had to leave,\" Roy gasped. \"I do.\" \"Then don't be starting something that you can't finish.\" \"I will never be finished with you. A lifetime will not be enough for us.\" Roy's heart skipped and he felt tears burn in his eyes. Having someone love him like this was still a new and humbling experience, one he hoped he'd never completely get used to. He started to pull Chon back to him, but this time Chon resisted. \"I'm sorry--\" he began. \"Yeah, yeah. You don't just say something like that to a man and then leave him.\" \"Pei Pei--\" \"Just go,\" Roy grumbled. \"I sure don't want the princess showing up here now.\" Chon kissed him lightly before climbing out of bed. Shivering slightly at the loss of Chon's warmth, Roy sat up, pulling the blanket around him. Chon stood, and Roy unabashedly admired the view. Chon had the firm and well-muscled body of an athlete, and Roy completely lost his train of thought as he watched him dress. \"She knows about us,\" Chon said. \"What?\" Roy asked, distracted by the sight of Chon stepping into his pants. \"Pei Pei. She knows.\" Roy shook his head. \"Don't remind me. I can't believe you told her!\" \"I did not tell her. She knew. She asked me if it was true, and I could not lie.\" A shadow passed over Roy's face, and he held back the words he almost said, You're going to have to learn how to lie . Chon seemed so innocent in many ways, so eager to believe the best about the world. Roy hated to be the one that would spoil that, but it was inevitable if they were going to be together. Roy banished such thoughts for the time being. There would be time enough for that later. They would have their reality soon enough--but not today. Roy gathered the blanket around him and stood to face Chon. Chon was buttoning his shirt, but stopped to put a hand on Roy's arm. \"Roy, what is it?\" Roy mustered a reassuring smile. \"Nothing. I was just worried that the princess would show up and give me some more of her great advice.\" \"She told me about that. I am glad she did.\" \"Oh you are, are you? I'm not. It was one of the most embarrassing moments of my life!\" \"She was just trying to help.\" \"She does a lot of that, doesn't she? I think we need to find her some of her own romantic interests so she doesn't have as much time to worry about us. What are you going to say to her?\" Roy asked as he followed Chon into the front room. \"I will tell her I cannot go with her today. I must tell her why not,\" Chon said, and Roy reluctantly nodded his agreement. \"I will ask if she will wait until we decide what we are going to do.\" Chon paused. \"Roy, we don't have to leave Carson City. There is still much to be done here. I like living here, and you are a good lawman.\" \"We don't have to decide anything right now. We can talk about it another time. My plans for you for the rest of the day don't involve much talking,\" Roy said in a low voice. He could feel the awareness between them and read the answering spark of desire in Chon's eyes. \"Will you wait here for me?\" Chon asked. \"Hell no! I'm going back to my own house, where there is a proper bed. And, a bathtub,\" he added, raising his eyebrows and grinning. \"I'll be waiting for you there.\" \"I will hurry, Roy,\" Chon said, and his voice held such sweetness and promise that Roy felt a tremor go through him. \"You'd better leave while you still can,\" Roy said, reaching for the door. Chon stopped him. Grasping the blanket Roy had wrapped around himself, he pulled the younger man to him for a lingering kiss that quickened Roy's pulse and left him shaken. \"I love you, Roy.\" There it was again, the now-familiar sensation of tears that Roy tried to blink away. \"I love you, too, Chon. Now, get out of here!\" he said gruffly. He opened the door. Chon left with one last smile that made Roy's heart turn over. Roy shut the door and walked back into the room. He sank down into chair, feeling dazed. He still couldn't quite comprehend that last night had actually happened, that he and Chon were together. There were so many questions to be answered about their future. What would happen now? Where would they live? How could they make this work? These thoughts and more crowded his mind. He shook his head--this day, he resolved, would be for him and Chon alone. Tomorrow they could deal with the rest of the world. I don't deserve to be so happy Roy thought, but he didn't want to question his good fortune. The road ahead would not be smooth for them. His life with Chon would have more than its share of challenges, of both joy and sorrow. Above all, it would be an adventure. With Chon by his side, Roy could hardly wait for it to begin. Chon was right. One lifetime would not be enough for them. (End) ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo A/N – So there it is, my long-lost Shanghai Noon epic. I have a few other things I'd forgotten I'd written, also from 2001. Some of them have never seen the light of day before. Look for them in a few days. Thanks to everyone who reviewed and encouraged me in a very small fandom! ","Summary":" Following By Armida Fandom: Shanghai Noon, Chon Wang/Roy O'Bannon Summary: A missing scene from the"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"So, What Now?","Author":"KiraSkywolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6317110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I'm alive! Okay so this is not actually the Annie-centric fic I was talking about doing, but that one wasn't formulating as well as I had hoped, so I decided to go ahead with other ideas. This is the first in what I hope will be a series of one-shots about the Parker-James family set after, and maybe even before and during the movie. None of these will have anything to do with my other fic. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own The Parent Trap (1998) or any of its characters. Poker Annie Parker-James had always had a fairly good picture of herself. She knew she was pretty, but she was not so vain that she thought there weren't more beautiful girls out there because there were. She was polite and proper, as she was raised to be, and somewhat of a quiet, more reserved person. She was fairly intelligent and social, though truth be told, she could be quite shy, especially around boys. It was not as much of a problem anymore, however. When she had moved to California after her parents' second wedding, Annie had been rather surprised to discover most of her sister's closest friends were male. Hallie had insisted that she overcome her shyness by using said friends as practice dummies. They were all very nice, if only to avoid a beating from Hallie, and her bashfulness had faded significantly as she integrated herself into the group. Annie also knew the several expectations the people around her had for her future. Her grandfather hoped she would become a doctor like himself, though he was now retired. Her mother had a dream of her coming to work for her at the studio as an inspiring designer. Her father… well she did not actually know what he wanted her to be. \" It's more like he has a list of things he doesn't want you to be.\" Hallie had answered when she had asked \"Don't worry. I'm sure you'll get to hear the speech soon. It likes to make an appearance whenever he thinks I'm not taking school seriously enough.\" She was also responsible. It was always her that diffused Hallie's wackier schemes and reminded her about school assignments and when it was getting late and they needed to get home. Annie was often the one to calm her sister's temper and keep her out of trouble in school and, of course, keep her company when she was forbidden to leave the house. Annie found her doing just that now. They were in their room, playing cards on the floor in between their beds. Hallie was not actually in trouble this time, however. On the way back from their family's annual camping trip a rock, that had proven sturdy for everyone else, had suddenly given away just as Hallie had stepped on it and had sent the unfortunate girl tumbling down the steep trail resulting in a broken arm. Nick, all too used to the accidents Hallie was often involved in, had gotten them down the mountain and to the hospital without too much of a fuss, though Liz wasn't nearly as unaffected. She had been refusing to allow Hallie out of the house and made it clear it would not be an option again for at least another week, much to the girl's frustration. So here she was, playing the responsible sister and attempting to keep the cooped up girl entertained. It was not exactly easy; sometimes she would swear her sister had a touch of ADD. It never ceased to amaze Annie just how different they really were. They were exactly identical appearance wise, but beyond that… it was a wonder they managed to switch places and still could if the need ever arose… They were currently playing poker both Annie's great love and the bane to her existence. She was a great poker player; it had always been something she had known about herself. As soon as she was taught the rules of the game she seemed to be a natural, even her grandfather had a hard time beating her. No one besides him had ever come close until… Hallie. Since that fateful meeting at Camp Walden they had played hundreds of times, and still Annie had no wins to show for it. Sure she would win a few hands, but it was always her sister who took the pot. Always. She laid down her pair of tens only to have Hallie slap down a pair of kings. She concentrated on controlling her expression to conceal her frustration, but her sister saw through it like always. \"What's wrong sis?\" Hallie taunted as she put down her cards to rake the small pot of coins to her pile with her good arm. \"Feeling a little irritated?\" \"Not at all.\" She replied coolly as she eyed her sister's blue cast. It was bulky, but it allowed enough finger movement that she should at least be able to hold her cards... \"Does it hurt?\" she asked gesturing to the broken limb. \"Course not.\" Hallie replied as she handed her cards back the more able twin for shuffling, but when the cards where dealt she still picked up her hand with her right hand. Annie's eyes narrowed. \"You haven't been taking that pain medication the doctor gave you.\" The injured girl laughed and shook her head. \"I swear, you and Mom are the biggest worrywarts I've ever seen! And you know I'm not in to painkillers. They always give me these freaky nightmares. I'll take two.\" She said as she awkwardly put her cards down to discard two of them into the pile. Annie sighed as she dealt her sister two more cards. \"Dealer takes one.\" She said as she discarded and drew one card. \"What do you bet?\" Hallie gave her a mischievous smile before setting down her cards and scooting her entire pile to the middle. \"I'm all in.\" Her twin raised an eyebrow. Hallie was an excellent bluffer, but even she would not go all in unless she had something good. If she went all in she would lose for sure, but if she didn't… \"What's wrong? Chicken?\" Hallie was grinning. The British girl suppressed a sigh as she pushed her pile into the pot. It was foolish, but her pride wasn't about to let her back down. She should really learn not to get so annoyed, it was only a game after all, and there were plenty of other things she was better at than Hallie. Math was an example. Homework that only took her a few minutes often took her sister hours. It was only with her help that Hallie scrapped through Pre-Algebra with a border-line C-. She could always beat Hallie in tennis, chess, and fencing. Being bested at poker should not be that big of a deal… but it was. They laid down their cards. \"Dang!\" Hallie exclaimed. Her straight had been bested by Annie's full house. \"You win.\" She said glumly. \"I won?\" Annie questioned frowning. \"Yeah, but don't get used to it.\" the injured girl stood. \"Come on, I think Mom's working on some sketches. Maybe I could sneak outside for a little while.\" She started for the door. \"Now you hold it right there!\" Annie shouted standing. \"Before you came along, there wasn't anyone who could beat me-\" \"I believe you.\" Hallie replied confused by her sister's sudden anger. \"You're the best poker player I've ever met.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Even Annie was startled by the fury she was suddenly unleashing. \"I've never beaten you before now! And if you think I'm going to stand here and be insulted by you letting me win, then you've got another thing coming!\" \"I didn't let you win.\" Hallie assured her. \"And I don't really count…\" \"Why not?\" the British girl asked confusion creeping into her anger. Hallie laughed. \"What's so funny?\" \"Annie, I don't count because I cheat.\" Annie's face went blank and she blinked several times. \"What?\" Hallie kept laughing. \"I cheat. I've always cheated. That was the first fair game I've played in years.\" \"Years? So at camp…\" \"You didn't honestly believe I would've come up with jumping in the lake if I wasn't sure I'd win did you?\" \"But why play fair now?\" Annie questioned. Hallie held up her casted left arm. \"It's too hard to do with one hand. You would've caught me. In fact, I can't believe you didn't figure it out before. Honestly Ann, no one is that good at poker! There's just too much luck involved.\" She grinned. \"You're such a sucker.\" Yes, there were many things Annie knew about herself. She was the best poker player she knew of, and maybe even quite naïve when it came down to it. And… \"So all of those other times we played you were cheating?\" Annie asked as she followed her twin out of their room and toward the stairs. \"Yeah. We already went over this remember?\" \"Then I want all my things back!\" \"Um…\" Hallie suddenly bolted down the stairs and around the corner out of sight. \"Sorry! Can't hear ya!\" She called as Annie heard the back door open. \"Hallie Parker-James! You get back in this house this instant!\" Their mother shouted, her hands on her hips as she glared at her injured daughter who had stopped several yards from outside of the door. \"Ah come on Mom! It's only a broken arm! Besides I'm actually trying to prevent further bodily harm…\" Hallie took off towards the barn as she saw Annie coming down the stairs. …And her sister was the only person in the entire world who could infuriate and amuse her at the same time. \"What's going on?\" Liz asked as Annie came beside her to watch Hallie's flight. Annie smiled. \"Let's just say if I catch her, I might have to break her other arm.\" She said as she took off after her sister. Ending Note: So what'd you think? This one was mostly about Annie and her point of view. I'm going to try to make the characters and themes vary. If you have any suggests for what you'd like to see in later chapters let me know![Chapter 2] Author's Note: Wow, this took a lot longer than I thought it was going to. I have a few ideas to work with now so hopefully the next update won't take as long, no promises though. To avoid any confusion about the timing: This takes place during the movie after the dinner on the boat that the twins set up for their parents. Enjoy and feel free to let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I don't own The Parent Trap (1998) or any of its characters. ) : Apologies It was late, yet sleep refused to come to Elizabeth James. It had been a long day full of plane travel, her daughters' schemes, dinner with her ex-husband, and a little too much alcohol. A sudden dull throb reverberated through her skull, reminding her it had been more than just a little too much. It was funny, because the woman could have sworn that one of the symptoms of a hangover was fatigue, but still she was lying there wide awake watching the digital clock creep past 3AM and sluggishly crawl toward 4. Of course, she had never experienced a hangover before so it was hard for her to say for sure, but the headache seemed to her only ailment. Maybe it wasn't the alcohol at all. After all, hadn't she been perfectly coherent at dinner? Maybe it was just… everything else. Liz found herself gazing at the two biggest parts of everything else. Her daughters were sleeping peacefully in the second bed in the room, curled up together in a rather adorable fashion. She sighed. Her girls were meant to be together. The last thing the woman wanted was to split them up again, but she knew it was inevitable. Even as she made those ridiculous suggestions to Nick about them taking turns taking both of them, she knew. She couldn't imagine living without at least one of them by her side even if it meant the girls wouldn't be without one another, and she knew Nick probably felt the same. They were selfish in that way. Maybe that had been part of the problem. The original \"solution\" they had in place hadn't been either her or Nick's first choice. Neither of them had been happy with raising only one daughter and never knowing the other, but, at the time, it seemed like the best solution. They were both such young hot-heads, Liz doubted they would have been able to be civil even for occasional visits and living on two separate continents already made any possible visits difficult and in need of planning. It was better for them to grow up separately with a relatively happy parent than together with parents who fought the time wasn't it? The throbbing had become a steady tempo now, and the blonde massaged her temples and tried to remember if she had packed any aspirin. All of those drinks on the plane hadn't been one of her best ideas, but as they had sped steadily toward California and its awaiting conflicts she had needed something to help contain the building pressure. Elizabeth recalled Hallie's frown as one drink turned into three then into five and then… well, things got a little fuzzy after that. She did, however, remember her daughter's occasional reassurances that their rendezvous with Nick was going to be just fine. Of course, the girl had no way of knowing that seeing Nick again was the cause of only about half of the designer's worries. She didn't seem to realize that reaching California also meant that Liz would have to give her up, again. The girl was too young to understand the pain of giving up one's child, and, of course, Hallie couldn't recall her mother's tears as she had held her as a newborn for the first and what she had assumed would be the last time. The woman shook her head to rid herself of the painful memory. It hadn't been the last time and Liz was grateful. She would still get to see Hallie. She and Nick had already discussed sending the girls back and forth for the holidays and there were the possibilities of next summer. It still wasn't the ideal situation, but a vast improvement over the previous one and the designer was more than willing to take it. Liz was glad that something long-term had come out of her daughters' sweet but naïve plan to set her and Nick up, even if it probably wasn't what the they were aiming for. One the twins shifted in her sleep causing the mother's attention to refocus on the two sleeping forms. They hadn't seemed as disappointed as Liz had thought they would be when she informed them that she and Annie would be flying back to London in the morning. Hadn't this whole scheme taken enough time and effort for there to be more of a reaction than the mild disappointment that had been shown earlier? She had been prepared for tears and screaming. It made the woman suspicious. They must have something else up their sleeves. A back-up plan shouldn't really be a surprise after the planning and work that must have gone in to the girls switching places, but, in the end, it wouldn't make a difference. Even if they managed to delay their departure, it was still only just a delay. It didn't matter how many tactics the girls had left because their ultimate goal was a moot point. It didn't matter that Nicolas Parker was a wonderful man, who had grown-up quite nicely in the past eleven years. They were mature adults now with two separate live in two different parts of the world. It didn't matter if she still loved him deep down… Elizabeth caught herself before her thoughts they could go any further down that forbidden path. Had she just admitted she still loved Nick Parker? She glanced nervously at her sleeping daughters as if her private thought would leak out of her head and enter into theirs'. She shook her throbbing head. Now she was just being ridiculous. It must be the alcohol. Surely the feelings she was having toward the man were acceptable forms of love. She could love him for being a good father and just being a good person couldn't she? Yes, of course, that must be it. There was no way these feelings were the same ones she had felt for him all those years ago… But even if they were, (not that she was admitting it, just hypothetically) it still didn't matter. Nick had clearly moved on. He was marrying Meredith in a little over a week and even if he wasn't they lived on opposite sides of the planet and both had demanding careers. No, it was impossible. She wished her girls could see that so further disappointment and heart-break could be avoided. This was for the best. Yet, as Elizabeth once again found herself gazing at her daughter's peacefully still forms she couldn't help but feel she was utterly robbing them of something vital. The girls would be all right, people grew up with broken families quite frequently now, but she couldn't help but want more for them. She felt, no she knew her daughters deserved better, but it was impossible. Of course, she and Nick would try to give them the closest broken family possible, but with Meredith in the picture the possibility of just the four of them visiting together was all but extinguished. They would try and try hard, but… \"I'm sorry,\" She whispered into the darkness, hoping that the apology would somehow find its way into her daughters' sub-consciousnesses and ease the pain that was sure to come in the fast-approaching morning. \"I'm sorry I can't give you the family you deserve.\" Elizabeth rested her head back against her pillow, her head ache now insignificant to the exhaustion that her heavy thoughts had brought on. Tomorrow was going to be a long day…[Chapter 3] Author's Note: Hey, an update! Yay! Okay this one takes place before the movie. Disclaimer: I don't own The Parent Trap (1998) or any of its characters. ) : Innocence Paperwork was the devil. It was something that Nick Parker reaffirmed every Monday when he went over all of the various documents that the growing success of Parker Knoll was producing. Of course, the success made the paperwork a little less scary in that he was looking at more profit and expansion than bills and debt. Still, the man found these Monday afternoons tedious, so the jiggling of the handle on his office door was more than enough to draw his attention away from the sales report in his hands. \"Daddy?\" the young red-headed girl questioned as she peeked into the room. \"Hey, Hal.\" Nick smiled as he glanced at the clock. Yes, it was time for school to be out wasn't it? He dropped the papers, pushed his rolling chair a few feet from the desk, and held out his arms. Hallie quickly entered and crawled into his lap. \"How was school?\" \"Fine.\" Nick frowned at the short and rather glum sounding answer. Usually the question brought on a full enthusiastic description of the day. \"What's wrong, Squirt?\" the man questioned. The girl was silent for over a minute keeping her eyes on her hands as they fidgeted in her lap. \"Hal, did something happen?... Hal?... Hallie?\" Nick gently began to shake his daughter's shoulder as his concern grew with each passing second of silence. \"Why don't I have a mommy?\" Hallie blurted suddenly. Nick's worry faded from him in an instant and was replaced by shock and something else he couldn't quite identify. \"What?\" he asked softly. The girl's face finally looked up at her father's, frowning slightly for having to repeat herself. \"Why don't I have a mommy?\" \"Why don't you… W-what brought this on?\" The red-head's frown deepened at not yet having an answer, but she decided to be patient and explain further. \"Everyone else in my class has one. And everyone says you have to have a daddy AND a mommy for a baby to come. But … I don't.\" It was then that Nick's brain finally came out of its stupor. Her mother. Right. Of course, questions like this were going to come up. She was in school now and had other lives to compare her own to. Hadn't he known this? Hadn't he prepared for this? Oh, that's right. He was just going to tell her the truth . He stood up and sat Hallie on top of his desk so he could talk to her more on her level. \"Well, you see Hal…\" It was then that he made the mistake of looking into his innocent little daughter's expectant eyes. The truth ? He had really thought that he could just plop his five-year-old down and tell her the truth? What part of the truth could she possibly understand? What could this child possibly glean from the truth about his divorce and the horrible agreement made that wouldn't completely shatter her? Well, he definitely couldn't tell her about her sister. Not that he had ever planned on it, but was she really old enough to understand the concept of divorce? No of course she wasn't! He didn't really understand it half of the time! But here she was, expecting him to give her something. What could her say? \"Those people are right,\" he continued slowly. \"Usually there does have to be a daddy and mommy for a baby to come, but you're special.\" \"Special?\" the girl questioned tilting her head to the side and looking skeptical. \"Special how?\" \"Well, you see… Babies come from this big bird called the stork.\" The girl nodded in agreement and Nick felt a little relieved that he had stumbled upon a story that the girl had already been told. Now he just had to roll with it… \"Normally the stork will only bring a baby when there is both a daddy and a mommy wanting one, but I didn't have a mommy.\" He was doing good…but he needed some drama. \"One night there was a terrible storm and the stork had to land on my porch. I didn't think he was warm enough so I let him inside.\" \"How come he got to come inside but you wouldn't let me bring Mr. Quackers inside when it was raining?\" Hallie demanded a slight pout on her face. \"Because Mr. Quackers is a duck. Ducks like the rain.\" He thought for a minute before adding on another reason. \"And because the stork knew how to use the toilet. No animals can come into the house unless they are potty trained.\" \"Fine,\" The girl sighed, pouting for a few seconds before turning her attention back to her father. \"Okay, as I was saying,\" Nick continued, satisfied that he had prevented anymore animals being smuggled indoors for at least a few days. \"The stork spent the night at my house and I guess he saw how lonely I was, because a few days later you were sitting in a basket on my porch. Now I'm not lonely anymore and I have a reason to work hard and get us nicer things.\" He gestured around him at the nice house that had only been completed months before. Hallie's face creased into a frown again and for a terrible moment Nick thought she had seen threw his badly thought-out story. \"Okay,\" she said suddenly, her frown replaced with a smile. \"That makes sense. Can I go play now?\" Nick grinned back at her. \"Sure,\" he replied sitting her back onto the floor. He watched her hurry out of the office and shut the door behind her. The man then made his way back to his desk and sat down in his chair. His grin disappeared. He felt… guilty. Out of everything he had been feeling a minute ago, that was what seemed to stick. That was the first real lie he had ever told his daughter. Of course, it was just a white lie and a poor one at that. Parents told little white lies all the time to protect their children from truths they weren't ready for didn't they? Still, Nick couldn't help but feel that this was the mother of all white lies. Mother. That was the problem wasn't it? He just needed a little more time. A year or two would be good. Just a few more years of Hallie being a happy innocent little girl that didn't have to wonder about a mother she didn't know. Then again, Hallie was also a smart little girl with classmates to talk to. Yes, he'd be lucky if that story held up a year, but he'd take whatever he could get. Nick sighed as he sat back down in his chair and looked down at the papers that covered his desk. I really hate paper work. Ending Note: Okay, I know that the little story that Nick makes up is really REALLY awful and not very developed at all, but since he is making it up on the spot for a five-year-old it's kinda supposed to be. (Yes, that's the excuse that I'll stick with.) Other than that I'd love to know what everyone thought about it. Also, I am still open to suggestions on characters and themes, though I do have some ideas about ones that I would like to do and I can't guarantee that suggestions will be done right away or at all. If I do decide to use someone's idea I'll definitely let you know and you will be credited in the author's note. Thanks for reading![Chapter 4] Author's Note: Wow, I updated. Miracles do happen. Thanks so much to everyone that has left a review. I really appreciate it and I'm sorry I kept you waiting for so long. This one details a little bit about Charles realizing that the granddaughter who has come back from summer camp is not the same one that has left. It mostly takes place after Hallie fell out of her chair at dinner. Enjoy and feel free to let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I don't own The Parent Trap (1998) or any of its characters. ) : Plenty of Time Something had been nagging in the back of Charles James' mind ever since his granddaughter had returned from summer camp. It wasn't that the girl had changed in any drastic way. She might physically a little taller, but that wasn't unusual for a child her age after a course of eight weeks. Still, he began watching her a little more closely and indeed did discover that his granddaughter WAS different. It was just little things that she did differently than she had before, little habits and mannerisms that seemed to have been absent before or were absent now. Of course, these things could probably be attributed to Annie being away for most of the summer or simply the changes that came with growing up, but the nagging persisted despite his logical explanations. The years had taught Charles to trust his instincts, so when dinner produced Annie's oddest behavior yet his suspicions solidified. How on earth had she become so knowledgeable about wine? Surely it really wasn't something they would teach at a summer camp for young girls, and her falling out of her seat after one sip seemed rather farfetched. Not only that, but she had seemed far too eager to get outside alone. He gave the girl about a minute and a half before rising from his seat. \"I think I'll go see if she's feeling alright.\" \"I'll go with you,\" his daughter said also rising. \"Now, now Lizzie. You said you needed to get straight to work after dinner since you two were going out tonight didn't you?\" \"Well yes, but…\" \"I'm sure she's fine. I'll take her to the park to clear her head. No need to put it off any longer. This old man's still quite capable of handling a few things now and again.\" \"Well alright, but let me know if she's feeling too badly,\" Elizabeth agreed grudgingly. He nodded and went out the front door to find the front yard empty. The older man hurried to the gate in time to see a flash of red hair rounding the corner at the far end of the street. Charles followed at a brisk walk, reasoning that she wouldn't be going too far with her concerned mother waiting for her inside. His reasoning was correct. He found the red head in a phone booth only a little ways from the corner. He stood outside of it with his back to her, wondering why she would need to call someone at a time like this, let alone out here instead of the convenient house phone. Yes, this seemed like the perfect time to confront her about her strange behavior. Suddenly the girl's conversation ended. She hung up the phone and opened the door in a rushed manner, hitting Charles in the back. \"Oh, excuse me sir…\" his granddaughter apologized in a clear American accent before recognizing him and stopping short. \"Uh-oh.\" And suddenly everything fell into place. The fear in the girl's eyes told Charles everything he needed to know for it all to make sense. This girl wasn't Annie but Hallie pretending to be Annie. Of course, this didn't answer the important questions of why or how this even was, but it was enough to give the older man a sense of relief. \"Uh-oh. Yes, well.\" His amusement of the whole impossible situation was enough to cover up his pure astonishment. \"What say you and I take a stroll around the park young lady, hmm?\" \"Okay,\" Hallie agreed meekly as Charles put his arm around her and led her to the park across the street. \"Come on then,\" he said when they had gone down the park's concrete path a little ways and girl had yet to say anything. \"What's this all about?\" \"It's kind of a long story.\" \"Well,\" the older man replied. \"It's a very big park and we've got plenty of time.\" Hallie took a deep breath. \"Well, first of all, I'm sure you've figured out that I'm actually Hallie Parker and not Annie James.\" The man nodded before extending his spare hand out to her. \"Charles James.\" \"We've never formally met, now have we Miss Parker?\" he added upon seeing his granddaughter's confused expression. \"I guess we haven't,\" Hallie admitted as she took his hand and shook it. \"And just call me Hal.\" \"Alright Hal, what's all of this about?\" The introduction seemed to have relaxed the girl and she proceeded to tell him the story of how she and Annie had met at Camp Walden, how they had realized they were twins when they were placed in the same cabin together, (The details of which seemed rather sketchy and undefined in Hallie's explanation, but Charles decided not to pry.) and of their idea to switch places. \"And I'm assuming that the important phone call that you suddenly need to make was to Annie in California?\" \"Yeah. She sent me a fax. Martin had it in his hand and I was trying to get a better look at it when I fell out of the chair.\" \"Well, that's a relief. I was worried that you might actually be that sensitive to alcohol,\" the old man joked. Hallie laughed. \"No way. Not after living on a vineyard for over half of my life.\" \"Have you, now?\" It suddenly seemed to dawn on Charles that he knew next to nothing about this granddaughter's life. He only knew that she went to live in California with her father who had bought land in with the intention of starting a vineyard. \"When did your father's business take off?\" The girl shrugged. \"I'm not really sure. We built the house we I was five so probably a little bit before that.\" Hallie's face suddenly took on a more serious look. \"So I guess you have to rat me out now, huh?\" \"No, I'm not going to 'rat you out', but I expect you to tell your mother the truth.\" She grimaced. \"Right now?\" Charles thought for a moment. \"No, not right now. She was rather looking forward to the theatre this evening. She has really missed you.\" \"Annie,\" the girl corrected rather bitterly. \"She missed Annie, not me. \" He frowned. \"Yes, she has missed Annie this summer, but she's missed you your entire life.\" The red head laughed once without humor. \"What you don't believe me?\" \"I… I don't know,\" she replied after a brief moment of hesitation. \"My whole life I've always wondered about my mother. My Dad hardly ever talked about her or why they got divorced. The only things I ever really knew about her was what she looked like from a picture he had of her and that she didn't seem to want me too badly since she left me there.\" \"That is not true,\" Charles replied. \"But tell me something, why would you go through with such a plan is you thought that?\" Hallie managed a faint smile. \"Well, I kinda have this habit of jumping into things without thinking everything through first. It's really something I've gotta work on. And, the way Annie talked about her; it just didn't seem possible that she would do any of this without a good reason. And now that I've actually met her she seems like a really caring person, but I haven't even known her for a full two days yet and…\" The girl trailed off and slipped into a silence that lasted several minutes as she stared down at her shoes. \"And what Hallie?\" her grandfather prompted only to have her look up at him with the most devastated expression he had ever seen on either of his granddaughters' identical faces. \"But no matter what, nothing can change that she still left me . That even after all the trouble we went through to switch places, it might be for nothing if she finds out it's me and just doesn't want me because it's me and not Annie ,\" the girl finished in a little more than a whisper. \"Hallie, look at me,\" Charles said sternly. It took a moment but eventually the girl managed to make her eyes meet his. He took the girl by the shoulders in an effort to make sure she wouldn't turn away. \"Hallie, I want you to listen to what I'm about to tell you and no matter what the outcome of any of this is, never forget it.\" The redhead managed a nod and the man continued. \"There was never a single moment that your mother didn't want you. From the time that she realized she was pregnant to this very moment, she has always wanted you. She has always loved you and your sister equally, even though she has not been able to know you, and no matter what happens, she always will. Giving you up was the hardest, most painful thing she has ever had to do.\" \"Then why-\" \"Did she do it?\" Charles finished and Hallie simply nodded. \"Your parents were young when all of it happened, and it was a difficult situation. Both of them wanted to be your parents but living on different sides of the world made it too impractical for them both to have joint-custody and neither of them were willing to give up their ambitions for the future and move to a different country.\" None of it had been easy. He could remember his surprise when Lizzie had returned home only a few months after heading for New York, hoping of getting hired on by a fashion company. His surprise turned into astonishment when she informed him that she had gotten married on the boat ride over. He knew that his daughter was young and a little naïve, but he had never imagined that she would actually marry a perfect stranger in the middle of the Atlantic! The only part that didn't surprise him was the fact that they were now going to file for divorce in less than a few months afterwards. He had been upset at his daughter's lack of judgment but relieved that she had come her senses before things had become more complicated. He hired a divorce lawyer and things went smoothly at first. His daughter's husband seemed at least decent enough to not go after her money. He seemed content to sign the papers without demanding anything more than being allowed to keep what he had before the marriage. Unfortunately, things became much more complicated before any papers could be signed. Lizzie was pregnant, and now there was no easy solution. Normally, as the mother, Lizzie would have had automatic custody, and Nick would have been given visitation rights and even joint-custody, but the sheer distance between them made this impractical. Furthermore, Nick argued that he wouldn't even get sufficient visitation due to his lack of funds. He had come from a poor family and what he had managed to accumulate himself was going to his vineyard. Charles couldn't completely dismiss Nick's rights as a father, but thought that Nick should give up on his California vineyard and move to England. The American's lawyers argued that it would financially be easier for Lizzie to move, but Charles would have none of that. He was Lizzie's closest family and they had no relatives in America. He was not going to send his daughter to a different country alone to raise his grandchildren and he was not about to uproot his life just so Nick would get a chance to be a father. They were at a stalemate until it was discovered that they were having twin daughters. This finally allowed the lawyers to come together and propose the most practical solution they could come up with. \"Eventually it was decided that each of your parents would be given full custody to one of you. It was the best solution at the time,\" Charles explained. \"But why didn't they tell us about each other?\" Hallie demanded her frustration at being lied to for most of her life evident. \"We could have visited each other at least!\" Charles mouth became a thin line. That was something even he didn't understand. The lawyers suggested that cross visitations could be handled outside of court. He had been furious when Lizzie had told him that there would be no cross visitations. He was even more furious and outraged when Nick had agreed. He couldn't understand their decision and continued to express his negative opinion long after the papers were signed and the deed had been done. But he began to realize that he was only adding to his daughter's pain and pushing her away when she needed his support. So he grudgingly forced himself to accept the situation and try to make the best of it as he helped his daughter raise the granddaughter he was allowed to see. \"Honestly, I can't answer that,\" Charles said at last. \"Only your parents know the answers, but I am certain it wasn't because they loved one of you over the other. They did know that the daughter they wouldn't raise would be cared for and loved. Beyond that, I think they were just afraid that their fighting might make it difficult for both of you. They were young and frightened and it makes people do things they regret. Even people that are supposed to be adults.\" Hallie was quiet for a few moments. \"But, they aren't like that now right?\" \"Well, I should hope not,\" the older man replied. \"Then maybe we still have a shot,\" she said with a smile. Charles paused at that. He didn't want his granddaughter to get her hopes up about her parents getting back together, but… Well, at the very least, this would get them in the same room and force them to talk about things. Maybe they would be able to get past what was holding them back and at least allow their daughters to visit back and forth. That was at least worth something. \"Perhaps,\" the man replied, bringing a smile to the girl's face. \"Now,\" he said began walking again and motioned for his granddaughter to follow. \"Tell me about California. I understand it's a little sunnier than here.\" Hallie hesitated. \"Shouldn't we be heading back?\" Charles smiled. \"We have plenty of time.\" This was the first conversation he had had with this particular granddaughter and he did not intend to rush it. The girl seemed to take his word for it and followed him down the path, content to get to know family that she had never known. Ending Note: Sorry if the divorce and custody description seems sketchy. I have personally never been divorced or had any children, so I'm unfamiliar with the details of the process. Besides that, this would technically be taking place internationally and several years ago… so yeah, no clue. Anyway, I hoped you liked it. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Author's note: I'm alive! Okay so this is not actually the Annie-centric fic I was talking about do"},{"Movie":"Fried Green Tomatoes","Title":"Fried Green Tomatoes Drabbles","Author":"fabfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9975973","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Idgie Visits Ruth Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes Rating: G Disclaimer: I do not own these characters Summary: Idgie pays Ruth a visit Hands, worn with age and browned by the sun, hitched up the rough denim of the overalls as Idgie squatted down. She could hear the rumbling of the old truck motor in the distance as Julian waited for her. It was the only sound in the once bustling town. That was years ago, though. Now, it was nothing more than a ghost. Idgie smirked to herself. She knew a thing or two about ghosts. Sucking in a lungful of air, she plucked the jar of fresh honey from her pocket and gingerly set it next to the glistening tombstone. Her eyes raked over the letters carefully carved into the stone. She reached out a wrinkled finger and stroked the long blades of grass sticking up near it. If she closed her eyes, she could almost pretend like it was long silky hair she was touching. If she tried hard enough, she could recall the way the brunette locks would smell of rosewater and talcum powder. If she lived for a thousand years, she'd never forget that smell. She'd woken up every morning for years with her nose buried in it. It was one of the things she never wanted to forget. As she opened her eyes, she swallowed thickly and plastered a charming grin on her face, \"Hey, Ruth.\"[Chapter 2] Title: Goofy Girl Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (Movie) Pairing: Idgie/Ruth Rating: G Disclaimer: Not mine Summary: Idgie hated being called a goofy girl Idgie hated being called a goofy girl. Well, she didn't like being called a lot of things, but that's what the folks in town took to calling her lately. She was the goofy girl who wore men's clothes and went fishing and hunting when most women were busy knitting and gossiping along fence lines. Idgie Threadgoode had always been different. She wore that suit to her sister's wedding instead of a dress, and she could shoot better than half the men in the entire county...more if you asked her. She used her left hand when everyone else used their right, and she knew how to throw a curveball good enough to strike out that boy from two towns over who played in one of them professional leagues. It was what it was to the people in Whistlestop. That was just Idgie, and she'd find herself a man when the time was right. But, as time went on and Idgie was found mourning her friend Ruth's departure like a brokenhearted lover, the whispers started. Idgie knew people talked. She didn't care none what others said. She never did. But, when Grady called her a goofy girl, she just about took his finger off at the River Club. She knew he was just fooling around, but that knowing was stuck down deep inside, hidden by emotions she hated coming up. Only two people ever really understood her. Buddy and Ruth. Buddy, her big brother, always knew there was something different about her, but he didn't care. He loved her no matter what. But, he died and left Idgie alone. Then, Ruth came along and Idgie'd finally found someone she could be herself with and who loved her the way Idgie never knew she needed till that moment they first kissed. Ruth was gone and married, though. Idgie went to her, and Ruth told her to leave. Now, folks might whisper that she was a goofy girl for the way she dressed and acted. They might say she was goofy because she didn't have a boyfriend. She wasn't goofy. They just didn't understand her like Buddy and Ruth. They just didn't understand that she was already in love with the most beautiful girl in the whole wide world. Buddy'd saw that in her future. Idgie'd seen it the second she lost her heart to the older girl. If only Ruth saw the same future Idgie'd had. She wasn't goofy. She was in love.[Chapter 3] Title: Goofy Girl (Ruth's POV) Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes (Movie) Pairing: Ruth/Idgie Rating: G Disclaimer: Not mine Summary: People said Idgie was a goofy girl. Ruth had heard the fervent whispers in church and along the walk to the Threadgoode house. The words rung in her ears, and made her stomach twist in sympathy and hurt. She heard how the good people of Whistlestop talked about Idgie. Said how she was different. Strange. Goofy. Goofy. That was what most took to describing her as. She was a goofy girl. Well, that was true. Idgie could be the goofiest person Ruth ever met. It wasn't a bad thing, though. It was comforting. Charming even. Idgie could make her laugh. She sometimes got a goofy grin on her face and would crack a joke that had Ruth in stitches. There were times Idgie would try to show off, and Ruth would shake her head at how goofy the blonde was. But, that was it. Other than being able to make anyone smile and laugh, Idgie wasn't goofy at all. Far from it. When Ruth looked in those bottomless blue eyes, she could see the pain and fear still housed within the damaged girl. Buddy's death had affected both of them deeply. They had found each other, though. They had found something special between them that was indescribable in its power and magnitude. Ruth thought once it was like finding God for the first time. It knocked her off her feet and continued to do so every time she saw that twinkling gaze and charming smile. There was nothing goofy about that. Nothing at all. Now, some folks might think Idgie was goofy because she acted more like a rascal than a lady, but that was just Idgie. That didn't make her goofy, it made her who she was. And, there were a lot of ideas on love and how a woman should act. Idgie didn't really follow normal convention in that regard. But, that didn't mean she deserved to be looked at differently. Love was love, and God would never look down upon someone for loving another. Lord, she wished she could be like Idgie and follow her path. God might smile down upon them, but her mother needed her to marry another. A man who was strong and could take care of them. She was going to have to break Idgie's heart so she could keep her mother's intact. All Ruth prayed for night after night was that she could be goofy with Idgie. ","Summary":" Title: Idgie Visits Ruth Author: Fab_fan Fandom: Fried Green Tomatoes Rating: G Disclaimer: I do no"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"A Long Time Coming","Author":"CinderWitt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7934480","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ian Wallace placed his tongue between his lips, the yellow pencil woven between his fingers tapping harmoniously upon the counter. Words echoed amongst his thoughts, though he had no clue as to which ones to place on the paper. Gently, he lifted the pencil, wood stiff, and began to press onto the ink line already printed onto the paper. Love …- He contemplated the word a moment, though was unsure of what to write after the four letters. Dropping the pencil onto the flat surface, Ian pressed his forehead into his palms, frustration taking over the better of his thoughts. He knew everyone craved to feel love, even for the smallest fragment of time- it was human nature…. Suddenly, his head shot up, and he quickly grasped the pencil between his fingertips once more. Everybody wants to be loved every once in a while …- A smile tugged at the corner of his lips as he gazed at the dark graphite sketched onto the white paper, enthusiastic at his word choice. He set the pencil down, hand reaching for his Gibson J-200 as he reminisced the tune of the song that he had been working on for a nearly a week. Humming the words in his memory, his fingers began to pluck at the strings, noting how the melody and lyrics began to mesh together. Instead of sounding bloody terrible, they blended well. Placing his guitar against the wall once more, Ian jumped from his spot upon the counter, landing on the loose linoleum tile of the hotel floor. The girl that he had met… Daphne, liked his song, although he had believed it to be complete rubbish. She may have ignited a spark he was unsure was there at the moment. \"Ian?\" Ian shook his head, snapping from his sudden revere. His gaze landed upon Daphne Reynolds. She gazed at him curiously, the soft breeze picking at the ends of her hair. With a soft smile upon his lips, Ian gently brushed her cheekbone with the tip of his tanned finger, pushing the feral strand of hair until it was rested behind Daphne's ear. A smirk tugged at the corner of her lips as she gently leaned into Ian's hand. \"What are you thinking about?\" she asked quietly, a rare form. Ian contemplated upon telling her the truth. He allowed a sigh to escape his lips. \"About the first time I met you- how you helped me write that song my mates and I played at the Orwood residence.\" \"I helped you write a song?\" she asked, a single light eyebrow raised in defiance. \"Of course,\" Ian commented, a light chuckle escaping his lips. Daphne leaned her head gently against his shoulder, ignoring the zipper that gently pressed into the side of her skull. Ian noticed her discomfort, and shrugged her head off his shoulder. She scrutinized his face, although as Ian began to slide his jacket from his shoulders, Daphne smiled. Placing her head once more upon his shoulder, a sigh escaped her lips. \"That song that you sung for Peach and Pear?\" she asked, reminiscing to the second time she had seen Ian Wallace in London. \"I didn't write it for Peach and Pear,\" Ian remarked, light laughter trailing his words. \"I wrote it for their ball. Though, I couldn't finish it until you came along. Everything sounded like rubbish to me.\" \"Well, I liked what I heard,\" Daphne commented. Ian placed an arm around her shoulders, leaning back against the side of the old wooden boat. The clear water ran softly around the weathered wood, disturbed by the foreign object placed in the middle of the rather small river. Small bugs jumped across the waves, landing upon tiny leaves the had fallen from the trees that surrounded the waters. \"I'm glad you did,\" Ian laughed. \"Without you, I couldn't have finished that tune.\" Despite her best attempts to remain cohere, a light blush heated Daphne's face. Though, she gently pushed it away, in hope that Ian had not felt the head emanating from her cheeks. Ian placed a soft kiss in her hair, watching as the breeze gently pulled the boat at an obtuse angle. \"Well, I'm glad I met you in that Grand hotel,\" Daphne remarked, grasping Ian's free hand in her own. The two did not often get alone time to think and breathe, so Daphne attempted to grasp the most of her time with Ian as she could. \"Me, too,\" Ian agreed. He gently pulled her closer, grateful for the time period he had with her. \"You know what this reminds me of?\" Daphne raised a single eyebrow, though she did not respond, instead lifting her head from Ian's shoulder, nodding him to continue. \"Our first… date,\" Ian said, a smile spreading upon his lips. Daphne allowed a giggle to burst from her parted lips as she remembered crashing into the cool waters in the most un-graceful motion that she could have managed. Although Ian had broken most of the fall into the water, she could not help but laugh at his feeble attempt to keep them aboard the small boat. \"That was the most exciting first date I've ever been on,\" Daphne remarked, shaking her head lightly. Ian laughed as well, remembering the chill of the water as it dripped from his hot face, the first moment he had seized to kiss Daphne. Though, as he reminisced the situation, a thought struck him like a plague, causing the smile to fall from his face like a ton of heavy bricks. Daphne gazed at him curiously, though her lips remained sealed as she silently searched for the unknown question she was not sure he would answer. \"Do you ever regret it?\" he asked. The confusion weaved in Daphne's irises caused Ian to avert his gaze to the miniscule bugs dancing upon the disturbed water. \"You know? That I had kissed you then?\" Daphne's face fell in realization. \"Why would I? I'm a spontaneous, go-with-the-flow girl. It was… cool .\" The laughter in her voice was full, causing Ian to meet her gaze once more. \"Are you mocking me?\" he asked, raising his dark eyebrows. Daphne shook her head. \"Of course not!\" she said, tone dripping with sarcasm. She pushed upon Ian's shoulder gently, to which he responded by weaving his arms tightly over his chest. As Daphne leaned in to place a kiss upon his lips, Ian turned his head just at the correct moment for her lips to meet his cheek. \"You cheat!\" she screeched quietly. \"I don't cheat!\" Ian laughed. \"But, now you do owe me….\" \"For what?\" Daphne asked, placing her own arms across her chest as she contemplated Ian's words. A smile was still tugging at his lips, reassuring her that his joke was taken lightly, though he remained at a distant as his eyes found the front of the small boat. \"For mocking me,\" he answered, irises locking upon hers. She allowed a dramatic sigh to escape her lips. \"What shall I do for you to forgive me, your majesty?\" \"Exactly that,\" Ian commented. Daphne twisted her head, face contorted in confusion as she thought about his words. Her memories reflected upon their last date… ' your majesty' … Suddenly, Daphne's head shot up. \"No.\" \"C'mon, we've got to 'liven things up a little bit' you know, 'get the party started',\" he commented, mocking Daphne's previous words from the Orwood ball. Daphne allowed a grimace to overcome her features. \"Well, first of all I could fall, and second of all… I could fall!\" she answered, gazing a moment at the water. \"C'mon,\" Ian pressured, his grin nearly so wide, Daphne had a view of the white teeth that lied behind his pale lips. \"No,\" she answered abruptly, a smile placed upon her own lips. She grasped the side of the wooden boat tightly, hoping a splinter did not find a home into her fingers. \"Wimp!\" Ian recoiled, prodding Daphne's stomach with the tip of his finger. \"No.\" She jumped slightly from the contact, though shook her head back and forth. When Ian did not say anything more, she responded again, \"No!\" \"For me?\" Ian asked, sticking his tongue between his teeth. Daphne had to hold in her sudden burst of laughter as he lowered his chin, and began to rapidly blink. She realized that she may have not looked as cute as she had contemplated back at the ball when she had done that. Although she was worried of the drop, Ian's gaze had softened, creating a soft churning in the midst of her stomach as her vision averted from his eyes to his lips. \"Alright…,\" she noted reluctantly. \"Let's do it….\" Ian smiled in triumph, gently placing a soft kiss upon Daphne's cheek. \"Alright,\" he said, the excitement laced into his words as she raised a hand. \"Now get up there, and let me see you perform.\" \"Alright, alright.\" Gently, Daphne stood, careful to grasp the edge of the boat as she made her way to the bow. She felt her eyes flutter closed at the soft touch of the breeze upon her face. \"You know what to do,\" Ian spoke, his words delicate as he gazed at his girlfriend. Daphne hesitated a moment, before allowing her eyes to open once more. Cautiously, she slid her foot backwards, until she was rested in a low, graceful bow, right hand twirling gently with the motions of the water that swayed around the aged wood she stood in. Slowly, she retracted from her bow, allowing the breath of air to escape her lips, unaware that she had been holding it in. Her gaze found Ian, whom was resting against the side of the boat, a smile prominent upon his lips. \"I did it!\" Daphne stated, throwing her arms into the air. Ian's eyes became wide as the boat bean to sway, gaze upon Daphne as she gently slipped further to the right of the bow. \"Oh, not again,\" he commented. Daphne placed her arms upon her hips defiantly, allowing her tongue to slip between her lips in a child-like manner. \"See,\" she commented, \"Nothing happened.\" Suddenly, as she placed her right foot forward to return to where she had been seated a few moments ago, the small boat began to buckle beneath the sudden, direct weight. Ian stood abruptly, placing his arms around Daphne's waist as her feet left the wooden floor of the boat, in a fatal attempt to keep her grounded. Though, he knew he had failed once more as the chilled water cascaded around the couple. Ian felt the ripples pull at his black hair as his shoes began to fill with the murky water of the small river. Beside him, Daphne was laughing audibly, pulling her hair until it rested at a comfortable position out of her soft face, attempting to not sink in the mud at the bottom of the river. Ian grasped the side of the boat, his laughter uncontrollable as he made his way back onto the dry wooden planks. Daphne grasped his shoulders tightly, fearing she would slip back into the river, and made her way into the boat as well, landing beside Ian, her head placed gently atop his arm as he blocked the heavy wood beneath their bodies. Heavy breaths escaped his lips as he attempted to allow oxygen to fill his lungs once more, laughter subsiding. Daphne was close, nearly a few inches from Ian's face. Their laughter subsided, the giggles becoming soft echoes of sound, bouncing harmoniously off the water, joining the small bugs in their choreographed ballet. \"You know what I still don't get?\" Ian asked, although he did not await an answer. Daphne felt his gentle fingertips glide upon her back as he pulled her close to his torso. \"How you can still manage to tip the boat, after all this time.\" A smirk tugged at the corner of Daphne's lips as she tilted her head. Ian's breath was harsh, his hand retracting from her back, and instead resting upon her neck, tilting her face gently, until her lips met his. Daphne's lips moved slowly atop his, not asking for much more than a curious memory. Ian tilted his head, causing the innocent kiss to deepen. He cautiously grasped the side of her face, as though she would disappear from his touch as she once had. Daphne felt her breath hitch in the midst of her throat, pulse moving quickly beneath his fingertips. Slowly, she grasped his elbow, feeling the spark that emanated from the heat of his hand upon her cool face. A shudder ran down the length of Daphne's spine as Ian trailed his hand down her shoulder, pausing when he reached her elbow. Allowing a final kiss to linger upon her lips, Ian placed a sweet kiss upon Daphne's jaw line, trailing to the midst of her neck, and placing a final kiss upon the shallow crook in her collarbone. Allowing a breath to escape her lips, Daphne placed her hands beneath Ian's chin, tugging until his lips met her own once more. She felt Ian's face tug into a small smile as she trailed her finger down the length of his arm, wrapping once more around his skinny elbow. Ian pulled his face back a moment, gaze falling upon Daphne's flushed cheeks. \"We better stop,\" he chuckled, the sound emanated from deep within his chest. \"The press will have a field day if they see the Dashwood daughter snogging her musician boyfriend.\" Daphne shook her head, wet hair falling into her hazel eyes. Ian raised his hand, gently grasping a piece of hair between his fingers, sweeping it until it was placed behind her ear. \"You know?\" Daphne began. \"I really don't care.\" Ian lifted his face, a gentle smile upon his features. Slowly, he placed his lips upon her ear. \"Can you whisper in my ear? Let me know it's alright…?\" A noticeable shudder erupted down the length of Daphne's torso. Ian felt a smirk pull at the corner of his lips as he placed a small kiss upon her ear. Through it all, he knew that Daphne was the at the end of the lonely highway he had traveled on for so long. ","Summary":" Ian Wallace placed his tongue between his lips, the yellow pencil woven between his fingers tapping"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Father-Daughter Dancer","Author":"crazy potterhead","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11845642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: So this is a one-shot I thought up when I was watching What a Girl Wants. It's a bit OOC, hopefully not too much. This does not mean I'm giving up on my other stories, I am still working on ALL of them. Please be patient. Disclaimer: I don't own anything from What a Girl Wants Ian's POV: \"It's time for the father-daughter dance.\" Glynnis whispered to me as we were setting up for the next song. I nodded to her and told the band. Then I turned to the microphone. \"Excuse me ladies and gentleman. It is time for the father-daughter dance.\" The floor was cleared and Henry walked to the middle of the dance floor, looking around. I looked as well, waiting for Daphne to appear. But she wasn't anywhere to be seen. \"Oh where has that girl gone off to now, well dear why don't you dance with Clarissa? I 'm sure she won't mind?\" Glynnis said. \"Yes! After all I'm almost your daughter too right?\" Clarissa told him. Henry stood there, looking around and contemplating. I suddenly remembered something Daphne told me. FLASHBACK We were sitting in a café together, planning her ball. \"This doesn't really seem like something you would normally do… this whole fancy party thing…\"I said suddenly. She smiled at me. \"It's not, but Henry said it's important. Besides there is one thing I'll look forward to with this ball.\" \"Oh yeah? What's that?\" \"The father-daughter dance.\" She looked out the window, as if imagining she were somewhere else. \"My mom and I have worked at a lot of weddings, and each one the have the father-daughter dance, and each time I couldn't help but think I would never get to do that. It's something I have always wanted to do too, it's one of my biggest dreams. And now, it will come true.\" She looked back at me and smiled. I grinned back. FLASHBACK ENDS \"No.\" I said into the mic, drawing all the attention in the room. I put the mic in the stand and hopped off the stage, walking to the little group in the center of the room, all eyes on me, complete silence. \"I beg your pardon?\" Glynnis said. \"You can't do this dance without Daphne.\" I said to Henry, ignoring Glynnis and Clarissa completely. \"She is your daughter, this is her party, and this dance is a dance she has dreamed of having since she was a little girl. You can't do this dance without her.\" \"He's right Henry.\" A woman said to him. I believe she is Daphne's mum. \"Daphne has been dreaming about this dance for 17 years, and I'm not letting her miss it again at her own party.\" \"Now listen here, Daphne is not here at the moment, she must have wondered off, it's her own fault she would miss this dance.\" Henry stared at Glynnis in disbelief, I could tell he was trying to form words but couldn't. So I did. \"Well, then you listen here. The band won't play a song until Daphne is back for this dance.\" \"I very much agree. We should go search for her.\" Henry said suddenly. \"But Henry!\" \"And you can leave the party.\" He told Glynnis before turning back to us. \"Right, um… Libby check the west side upstairs, I'll check the east side upstairs, mum, you check the left side on this floor, and Ian can check the right. Alright?\" We all agreed and set off. I searched everywhere, calling out Daphne's name, and then I got to the last hallway and heard something. I listened. Crying. \"Daphne?\" ~oOo~ Daphne's POV: \"HELP! SOMEBODY PLEASE! I can't miss my own father-daughter dance…\" I was banging and pulling on the doors while yelling out for help. I was going to kill Glynnis. I hope they don't play the father-daughter dance yet. That's the only thing I was looking forward to with this ball. And to make matters worse, the walls started to close in, the clutter on the floor making it hard to move around, it was getting hard to breathe. I felt the tears in my eyes. \"Please! Please….\" And I fell to the floor, just crying, no one would come here, it was so out of the way. \"Daphne?\" I sniffed and listened. That sounded like Ian! \"Ian?\" I called out, hoping beyond hope that I wasn't imagining his voice. \"Daphne? Are you in there?\" He asked as the door handle jerked. \"Ian! Please! Please get me out!\" \"Hang on, almost got it.\" And with that the door opened and I flung myself out at Ian. \"Thankyou, thankyou, thankyou Ian.\" I said while still crying. He just held me tightly. \"Sh… it's okay Daphne, I've got you, come here.\" He backed us up to a wall, still holding me, and slid down it. \"Daphne, it's okay, I've got you. Are you hurt?\" I just shook my head. \"Breathe Daphne, breathe. Talk to me. \"T-the walls, they were closing in around me…. I couldn't breathe, or move…\" \"Daphne, are you claustrophobic?\" I nodded and he just rubbed my back. \"How did you get in there?\" \"Glynnis… She-she locked me in after I h-heard her and A-Alistair talking about how h-he got r-rid of my mother.\" ~oOo~ Ian's POV: I didn't know what to say to Daphne. The information she was telling me was disturbing. I just held her until she calmed down. \"Ian-Ian the dance! Did they do the father-daughter dance yet?\" She asked frantically. \"No Daphne, I wouldn't let the band play until you were there. Glynnis tried to argue, but she was overruled. Henry, Libby and Jocelyn are all out looking for you too, so why don't we get you cleaned up so you can have that dance. Henry can deal with Alistair, Glynnis and Clarissa. Alright?\" She agreed and we got up. I kept my arm around her as we walked, she leaned against me. We walked up to her room, passing Libby on the way. \"Daphne!\" She hugged Daphne and I, since she got to us before I had the chance to move. \"Where were you? What happened?\" Daphne just stood there though, not answering, looking as though she were somewhere else. So I explained the situation. \"Oh God. Daph, are you alright? Daph?\" I rubbed her arm and she nodded in response to her mum. \"I'm gonna take her up to her room, let her freshen up a bit, the escort her downstairs.\" I told Libby. \"Alright, I'll go find Henry and Jocelyn and we will make sure those three are out of the manor before she comes back down.\" I nodded to her and led Daphne to her room. We spent a good 15-30 minutes in there. She was finally talking again, I said some jokes to try and make her laugh. When she was better, we went back down to the party. As we entered, all eyes were on us. I led Daphne over to Henry. \"Daphne, are you quite alright?\" He asked her in a low voice. \"I am now, yeah.\" \"We are ready to play the father-daughter dance if you are.\" Henry held his hand out for Daphne. \"May I have this dance?\" She took his hand, her dazzling smile lit up the whole ballroom. \"Yes you may.\" I made my way to the stage. \"Alright everyone, we are now officially ready to begin the father-daughter dance.\" ~oOo~ Daphne's POV: As the music started, Henry and I danced around the room. It was the best feeling in the world, dancing with my dad. I promised myself to never miss another father-daughter dance again. AN: So, not the best ending, hopefully you enjoyed the story though! And don't forget to check out my other stories as well! ","Summary":" AN: So this is a one-shot I thought up when I was watching What a Girl Wants. It's a bit OOC, hopef"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"you've got this look i can't describe","Author":"countingthestars12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6226485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : I watched this movie a couple of weeks ago for the first time since it was released, and I realized I'd forgotten how cheesy yet adorable and charming it was. I actually was more enamored with the Libby/Henry romance than I was with the Ian/Daphne romance (though Ian in his white suit singing at Peach and Pear Orwood's ball was absolutely swoon-worthy). So I figured I'd write a little something about them. Disclaimer : Nope, doesn't belong to me. Also, the title, and the lyrics at the beginning and the end, belong to \"Like A Star\" by Corinne Bailey Rae. Beautiful song – give it a listen if you haven't already. just like a star across my sky, just like an angel off the page, you have appeared to my life, feel like i'll never be the same He's mingling with a few people he vaguely knows, Glynnis on one arm, just like he always does. Partly to do his duty and to keep up appearances, but also - if he's being honest here - partly to avoid looking at Daphne, because he knows that she knows that he knows that she's out of her element and miserable here, and he knows that she knows that he knows that it's his fault. He hears the faint sounds of laughter and cries of glee, and turns around by instinct. And by a force more powerful than instinct, he stops in his tracks. Because standing there, laughing and smiling and embracing Daphne, is Libby, her long hair swept up, wearing an elegant blue gown, as radiant and mesmerizingly beautiful as she was when she fell into his arms and into his life seventeen years ago. And for a split second, he's so shell-shocked and dizzy and spellbound that he's absolutely certain this must be a dream. She and Daphne float toward him, and as Libby approaches, the scent of her perfume wafts toward him, citrus and honeysuckle and something else, something sweet and fragrant and wild and wonderfully, achingly familiar. And just like that, the air shifts and his lungs threaten to burst out, and he's twenty-four years old again and she makes his world spin and his heart do backflips against his chest. Suddenly all he can recall is long blonde hair and sun-kissed skin and limbs brushing against desert sand and floral scarves flowing in the wind against the hum of a motorcycle engine... and suddenly the old, desperate ache is back in full force - the ache for light and color and passion and adventure and feeling alive . \"Hello, Henry,\" she says, and paradoxically, the sound of her voice - here in front of him, without the distance of a telephone or an ocean, gentle and melodic and not a note different from when he first heard it, all those years ago - simultaneously keeps him in the past and snaps him back to reality. \"Libby,\" he says, voice catching in his throat, momentarily incapable of saying or doing anything else. All he can do is stare at her, marveling at how even seventeen years later, she can still take his breath away. Not four days later, he boards a plane to New York City (how could he not?). And when the boat docks and he finally gives Daphne her father-daughter dance and their eyes lock from across the floor, he knows that his political campaign be damned - for the first time in a long time, he's doing the right thing. just like a song in my heart, just like oil on my hands, honour to love you ","Summary":" A/N : I watched this movie a couple of weeks ago for the first time since it was released, and I re"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Daphne's Speech to Henry","Author":"courntey1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10143224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Daphne is running out of the ball room but when she is almost to the exit Henry says Wait Daphne turns and says in front of everyone No, I'm done waiting, Henry. You know when I was little, every birthday I'd get all dressed up, and I'd wish... that if I was good enough… that you'd come and find me. And now here I am, in the most beautiful dress I could ever imagine… and you're here. You know what I miss now? l miss being me. l finally realize that that is enough. Everyone that is in the ball room is shocked as Libby and Daphne left the ball room and Henry is shocked and his mother says the ball is over. ","Summary":" Daphne is running out of the ball room but when she is almost to the exit Henry says Wait Daphne tu"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"What they both want","Author":"TheRightWriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3555608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: These characters are not mine, only the fictional story. Briefly after they finished college … Daphne sang her favorite song out loud in her new apartment that her father had given her (or paid for) to live in for a year or so, depending on how she and Ian liked it. (She and Ian have been living with each other for about a month) She heard unlocking of the door, with a creaking of the heavy metal. She grabbed the poker stick that she used to move the wood of the fire in the fire pit from the living room. (Oh yes, I forgot to tell you, the apartment is a flat that covers probably at least 5 of the rooms below her) She was about to reach the door when Ian appeared. \"WHOA, put down the fire poker?\" a baffled expression and a little grin came upon his face. \"Well it was the closest thing! You scared me half to death you know!\" she said laughing. \"I would never want that to happen\" Ian spun her around and laid a soft gentle kiss on her lips. Goosebumps ran down her arms. Every kiss they have had is the most amazing thing she could have ever imagined. They held hands as they walked to the living room, clutching ever so tightly. \"I thought you weren't supposed to be home until at least a few weeks!\" she exclaimed. \"Well I had some arrangements here instead\" \"Ah, I see o wise one, and what shall the arrangement be?\" she said as she snuggled closer to him. \"Oh you'll see\" he said and with that he reached out and kissed her forehead. I know, I know, Short right? But please review, and definitely read what I am going to add in my next chapter soon. You will want to know! Hint: I do. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: These characters are not mine, only the fictional story. Briefly after they finished co"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Conformed","Author":"Christine Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3427892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I ownnnothing. \"I can't go.\"nDaphne's expression was one of sincere apology, but Ian couldn'tnbelieve his ears. \"What?\" he asked. \"We're going to thenQueen's garden party.\" Ian's eyes widened when these wordsnthat stabbed him in the heart slipped out of Daphne's mouth. Shenwas passing up a Strokes concert to go to a garden party? Who wasnthis imposter? Freethinking, beautifully independent Daphne hadnmorphed into exactly what was expected of her: a conformationalndebutante. \"What?\" he askednagain, quite in shock. \"I'm sorry I forgotnto call you! Everything's been crazy around here.\" Daphne smilednright at him, and as much as he wanted simply to take her smile in,nhe couldn't. The light in his eyes vanished from Daphne'snvision. He closed his eyes for a moment, and when he opened them,nthey were still dulled. \"Cool.\" he saidncoldly. \"Just call when Daphne reinhabits her body.\" Ian knewnthe dig was a bit low, but the expression on her face told him thatnshe didn't feel the way he did about this. She was blissfullynignorant of what she had done. He decided, in a spurt of slightlynchildish anger at Daphne, that he would show her. But before hencould say anything, she took a deep breath. \"Ian, you know thisnis what I'm expected to do. I can't pretend that I don't knownthat.\" As he looked at hernagain, and quickly looked away, realizing that she wasn't ignorantnof the toll her transformation had taken on him. And he was ashamednthat he had thought she was so shallow not to have known. \"I just wish that younhadn't changed so completely.\" Ian said, turning towards thendoor. \"What's thatnsupposed to mean?\" she demanded, catching him by the shoulder. He was silent. She hadnasked him to help her conform to her father's wishes, and he had. nNow that her metamorphosis was complete, he selfishly realized thatnhe wished he'd never helped her learn how to walk, talk, and dressnlike a debutante. \"It's just that—\"nhe attempted to put what he had just realized into words, butncouldn't. \"I don't know, Daph. I just don't know.\" Henalmost ran to the door, the cavernous ceiling of the manor's foyernclosing in on him. \"Ian!\" she callednthrough the door as he sped away on his motorbike. He kept on going,npretending that he'd never fallen in love with Daphne Reynolds. \"Daphne!\" Glynnisnappeared out of nowhere. \"Are you ready? We have to leave!\" \"I'm ready.\"nDaphne almost whispered, tears piercing her eyes.\" \"Don't cry overnthat mutt, darling.\" Glynnis whispered into her ear. \"You'renone of us now.\" As Glynnis disappearednupstairs, Daphne sat down on the chair in the foyer, realizing thatnit was true. And she had lost Ian, probably forever. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I ownnnothing. \"I can't go.\"nDaphne's expression was one of sincere apology, but Ian "},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"What A Socialite Wants","Author":"SakuyaMikafan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4202491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you're expecting me to wait Then I'll have to tell you straight! I'm not the right girl for you! I really want a man, not a boy who thinks he can Now let go of my hand, just try to understaaannd! I'm not the girl for you! Don't even want to be too! Like to keep my clothes on till tomorrow after noon! Don't want to be your skank Or anything remotely like that! I'm not the girl for youuuu! I finished with a flourish, taking a ladylike dip, \"Thank you! Thank you!\" I yelled at my audience, patiently awaiting my shower of roses. Then realization dawned on me as my eyes blinked open, they were all ignoring me! ' They are refusing to give me the recognition I deserved !' I thought hotly. Anger coursed through my body in waves, tightening every muscle. With a frustrated growl, I stomped off the stage, my departure echoed behind me. I returned to the common dressing room and slammed the door shut. Lucky for me it was empty but in disarray and preposterously maintained. My nose wrinkled as a barrage of inhuman smells invaded my nostrils; a foul mixture of cheap perfumes, sweat and god only knows what else. I contemplated calling the health board to shut the place down but considered the problems that would arise- A-I would have to admit to visiting such a place of squalor! B-Take time out of my precious schedule to confirm that they did the job properly! Blasted Americans can be so unreliable-we have guard dogs at home that required less care and yet still got the job done! C-I honestly didn't care if they rented the place as a manger! I shoved my notebook into my designer bag which nestled comfortably on its own private high chair away from the others. I couldn't risk getting anything like germs or fleas on my Tommy Hilfiger original. As I turned to leave, my eyes caught a beautiful bag leaning against a mirror. I walked over to it and began to examine it more closely. It was a black leather bag but splashed with a mixture of reddish orange that gave a positive vibrancy to it. \"Like it!\" a voice cut into my thoughts of admiration. I spun around to face a punk rocker! In case you are wondering-they are these—creatures should the operative word for them, that were all black even at night with shiny piercing all over their body-and I mean everywhere ! Even worse sometimes their hair was decorated in the most horrendous colours like purple, vomit green and one time –a smashing display of everything -all of the colours of the rainbow! They looked like a bunch of prison bound carnies! Mother warned me about 'The Hippes' of New York but she probably had no idea that the situation had corroded so badly. I took two steps backwards wishing I had left when I had the chance, the only thing I had in my defence was a bottle of Chanel and there was no way I was going to waste it on the thing before me!She moved towards me, her eyes studying me with an intense expression and I felt my feet inching backwards on their own accord. poo poo to infinity on toast was the only expression I could think to fully sum up the gravity of my position! \"I like your purse!\" She commented casually. I stared at her-if I could call it a her-I really didn't know what was under that make up. \"What!\" I muttered stupidly, hardly believing that it could speak with the huge ring attached to her lower lip. \"Thank you!\" Stammered without the social graces except that a low-pedigree mutt. \"Were you looking at mine?\" She moved past me to reach for her bag, barely brushing my sleeve as I cringed. I stared at the back of her shaved head, idly wondering where the triple sixes were placed. Then realizing she was waiting for an answer, I nodded. \"Yes!\" I responded hurriedly, my heart still thumping in my chest, \"I especially like the red –flame things, it really adds its own dimension to the –uh-bag!\" Her bright pink eyes narrowed, giving me a strange look then let out a chuckle! Truthfully I felt insulted that she would even consider giving me such a look, did she not know who I was or did she spent her life in a cave or whatever humanity deprived place that gave her that hair style. \"Actually it's more of a stain than a fashion statement! I spilled mustard and ketchup on the bag!\" Sniggers sounding more like the snorts of a pig and a walrus left her enlarged, studded nostrils as if her little confession could fortify whatever imaginary relationship that she thought we had. I felt my cheeks grow hot with indignation and shame. I had half a mind to give her a telling off but decided against it-she would probably think I was coming on to her. Without a backward glance, I ran out of the room, clutching my purse tightly to my body. The warm night air hit me in the face like a smothering blanket as burst out of the entrance. Breathing deeply, I walked with quick steps to my hotel. The street was bustling with activity and people of different kind –who liked to bump into me! I swear walking through the streets of New York was like trying to run through a- custard pie! I had lost count of the no of times my feet had been trampled on-like I had been counting in the first place-I had better things to do with my time! \"Sorry!\" A faceless vagabond muttered as an elbow caught me in the stomach. Did I also mention in last couple of hours I have been repeatedly assaulted by every Tom, Dick and Harry with elbows. They are common American names and you can't get any more common or American than them! 'I should lodge a complaint –better yet I should sue! Yeah!\" I toyed with idea in my head, feeling a smile dance across my lips 'You hear the stories about frivolous lawsuits all the time, it was like the latest fad in the USA , one instance is the ,man who sued McDonalds because the fast food made him obese , fast food is another trend that USA is famous for followed closely by obesity and reality television! I swear these people are simply barbarians , consorting in smelly , close packed spaces and munching food that is dripping with grease and fat and –and-cows! And there is nothing to be said abut their table manners-such conduct would be frowned upon in London-then again most of American lifestyle would be frowned upon –no wonder that little peasant felt so at home-I hope they are living happily ever after in their mansion which compared to my new home is beginning to look like a pumpkin, which it probably is-a pumpkin with rats!' I grunted as my body was hit by another attack. ' This is simply unacceptable! I should sue the people of New York City for repeated assault with their elbows and feet. I might as well sue for a hefty compensation for the irreparable trauma they put me through! That will teach these commoners to have respect for royalty! Not that I actually need their ill gotten wealth from illegal wars –I have plenty of my own thank you!' I could barely suppress a scream as my feet were trampled on for the billionth time. On an impulse I darted the pointy end of my shoe into the nearest person beside me, initiating a small yelp. I smirked, enjoying my little act of revenge and went on my way, weaving between the crowds. ' I hope the lesson is well learnt by that bloke. You cannot 'Step on my toes' so to speak and get away with it!' Suddenly I felt my bag being yanked away from my hands by a powerful force, at first I thought I was imagining it-yeah like the large bird falling off the wall which later turned out to be my barbaric, future step sister but fortunately luck was on my side so I was spared that fate. \"What do you think you're doing?\" I scream in anguish, clutching my bag close to my bosom. The people surrounding me received such a shock that they spread around us, watching like spectators. The woman stared at me startled; her blue eyes were wide and frightened. \"I'm sorry dear!\" She started but I cut her off. \"Don't you sorry me you thief! I know you were trying to steal my bag!\" Gripping said object tightly to my chest. \"Sorry darling but I think you're mistaken! I'm an old woman; I could barely steal the salt shakers from a Chinese restaurant! I think my umbrella accidentally got caught on your bag-\" I sneered contemptuously; already an idea has formed in my head \"Your old woman disguise doesn't fool me for one minute! You're a thief –pure and simple! Someone call the fuzz , this woman is trying to steal from me!\" I yelled to the nearest passer by. He glanced at me with placating movements, \"Calm down! She apologized-it was an accident –maybe-\"\"I don't expect you people to understand!\" I snubbed him; his face was already lost in my memory.\"You people! What do you mean by you people!\" He questioned, indignation tightening his features. \"Oh, you know exactly what I mean! And don't you twist it around to make me out to be some sort of slave supporter-I'm on to you! I'm glad you're free and all because now the British can afford better and more practical service!\" \"You're British !\" a nameless man remarked from my left. I turned in his direction to reply, which was the worst thing I did that morning.\"Yes!\" I retorted, \"Can't you tell from my accent!\" \"Uh,no I thought you were just high or -a transvestite!\"A sinister growl escaped in one breath and gave him the full benefit my death glare until he held up his hands in surrender and melted into the crowd. I returned my attention to granny the cat burglar, all prissy righteous crossness.\"And you are coming to the police with me!\" My hand darts forward and grabs her arm, glowering into her eyes. Her old tired lines contorted into fright but I wasn't falling for that! \"I'm just an old woman!\" She protested, trying to retreat away from me. I snort in disgust, \"Then why aren't you in an old home chained to your bed or in a small cottage in the in the country like the rest of the elderly generation! Old woman my arse-that little disguise may fool most of the dim witted citizens of New York City but it won't fool me! Now, I know why they call it the big apple because there are so many worms like you eating up the core!\"A collective, frenzied murmur arose from the crowd in response to my little announcement but I ignored them, I had bigger fish to fry ! With a firm yank, I drag her beside me intent on fulfilling my promise, what I didn't count was the heavy, ugly umbrella she had firmly in her grasp. The last thing I saw was the accurse thing coming towards me at the speed of light and then little flashy stars dotted the inside of my eyelids before darkness overwhelmed me like the sugary after-effects of creamy buns during tea. I woke up to a dull, mind-numbing pain and a hazy environment. Then finally the fog cleared, the colours came into focus and the headache resided to a small ache somewhere out of the general vicinity of my mind. \"This isn't my five star hotel!\" I remarked out loud, straightening into a sitting position. Hell, it didn't look like any hotel or home for that matter! Appearance wise it was more of a storage space ladled with furniture than an actual living space. Then it dawned on me, my flippant attitude was totally inappropriate, I considered screaming the next best option but then bit down on it and my tongue in the process-oh it smarted. Didn't want to alert any kidnappers of my awakening, the best thing for me would be to get out of this bed! It was really soft but horrendous with a mismatched pillow case and bed sheet that was grossly decorated with fur and every other color of the rainbow like neon red. It was nothing like those delicate, claret antique comforters comforted my bed. I felt a pang of something-was it jealously, anger or-sadness-I don't know why I should be sad, after all I'm married to Armistead Stuart, the 15th richest man in Britain and I'm 38th in line for the British throne what could possibly be wrong! \"You're awake, that's good!\" A man walked into the room. \"You don't look like a terrorist!\" I blurted out, instantly feeling a blush drape my oval, pretty face. ' Clarissa, you ninny , You've made the terrorist angry!.' \" Sorry to disappoint you, should I go and come back wearing a hockey mask!\" His tone was silky and easy going, complementing his loose swagger. \"No!\" I muttered quickly, brushing off imaginary creases and privately contemplating his British accent. Was he like the loon Henry Dashwood; pretending to be a common peasant so he could get extra bacon with his eggs!\"State your name and distinction, please!\" I ordered, regaining my cool composure that I was so famous for and squaring my shoulders. \"Ian Wallace at your service, and I'm just your average struggling musician!\" I did not at all appreciate the laxity by which he addressed me and I was about to inform him and put him in his place in the world when he silenced me with a shocking statement! \"Glad you're feeling better, Clarissa!\" He commented a dry, wry twist of her mouth fell open with shocked disbelief, ' How did he know my name! Was I now so famous that my name was known among the common people too!' The thought filled me with pleasure though it aptly didn't show. \"I was at the garden party where you danced with Daphne's father and –later married the guy she pushed in the water.\" A gleam across the surface of his cobalt eyes at the memory and a smile flitted across his lips. As my mind replayed the events of that night, his face registered in the scene that was a huge travesty, pity not to Daphne-that wretched boor. \"You're that little barbarian's boyfriend!\" I shrieked. His handsome face was split by a wince before replying cagily, \"Her name is Daphne and I would appreciate it if you didn't insult her while in my apartment!\" \"In that case-I want out-preferably somewhere where I can insult the little snot-nosed, inbred, Yankee village tart!\" voice pitching my distaste for my former step-sister, My legs dragged themselves from under the blanket and hit the floor. I jumped to my feet ,prepared for my dramatic exit from the rainbow house from hell, when I was hit by a wave of dizziness. I swayed back and forth, balancing dangerously on my expensive Swede shoes before tumbling backwards into the soft comforter. ' Stupid shoes-their simple function in life was to elevate my stature and provide me with an advantage over the rest of the lot but instead I was back where I started!' \"What!\" I muttered, trying to break through the dense fog that clouded my senses and a strange numbness overtook my body. \"She hit you on the head pretty hard!\" He responded, walking to stand beside the bed. \"Doctor said you were lucky you didn't get a concussion!\" I barely heard him through the incessant dull ache that started in the back of my head. \"How long will I have to live?\" I murmured giddily, rubbing my forehead with my fingers, careful not to break a nail. He raised an eyebrow at me, \"You're not dying!\" He pointed out, a hint of amusement in his statement, relaxing on the chair which was a faded burgundy. \"I mean –how long will you let me live!\" I asked my voice stronger, sounding almost like an accusation. Ian barely suppressed the chuckle that bubbled from the base of his throat. \"You can stay here till-Daphne comes home and we'll call the hotel you're staying and ask them to send someone to pick you up.\" My head nodded weakly on its own impulse as I let it fall back against the pillows, \"So whose bed is this anyway.\" \"It's Daphne's!\" He answered, mouth curving into an impish grin. For a creepy moment I thought he was smiling at me but then I realized he was smiling at the bed. \"What!\" I snapped louder than I intended, my body squirmed slightly on the mattress which was sufficiently comfortable still distasteful and crawling with invisible insects. \"Nothing!\" He averted his eyes to the window, then stood up and shortened the distance between them. A silence settled on the room which I was grateful for at the beginning, but then it began to affect me, gnaws at me from the inside. I was an interesting person and married to someone who was 38th in line for the throne. Surely the commoner would wonder what it was like unless he got the information from - \"Did Daphne talk about me?\" Ian confirmed a slight tilt on his lips, a smile that seemed to be cheerful and carefree under the sun soaked window. \"Everything I know, she told me while we were carrying you here.\" He admitted w, abandoning his station by the window to stand by the bed. His eyes a sultry, liquid blue locked onto my sceptical, almost antagonistic look. He had an aura of candidness that was –disconcerting. \"Given what she does know about me-why would she try to help me?\" I prodded suspicion rising in me and luminous in my eyes. A thin smile appeared on his lips after he shocked me to my core, \"Actually I convinced her to help Miss Belle Reve! Giving yourself the same name from the classic 'A Streetcar Named Desire!' quite surprised actually!\" \"Hold on a minute, you've read the book!\" I asked, forgetting to keep the awe and incredulity from my voice. For a second I feel as if I have suddenly materialized into my worst nightmare.A light chuckle descended from his lips, \"Yes, and-\"\"Quiet!\" I quickly silenced any other mindless chatter unless I first received the answers, The picture was slowly forming in my head and I didn't like it.\"You've heard my performance!\" a furrow of his brow made me wonder if he noticed the worry that swept across my face, a part of me hoped he would leave well enough alone. \"Yes and honestly, you're not that bad!\" There is barely perceptible ring of surprise as he smiles encouragingly at me. I stare at him, unsure how to respond or if I should respond. \"It wasn't me!\" I contested in the most convincing voice I can muster and honestly even I have to admit I sounded lame. And eyebrow arches with an unspoken question as he studies me with an ambiguous expression on his face. \"Yes, it was me!\" I relented, exhaling a sigh that sounds tired even to my own ears, \"but its not like I need the money or anything! If you have seen the 'King and I' it is an excuse to mingle with the commoners, to see what they are going through and such..\" I trailed off, flinching under his dubious scrutiny that intensified with every word from my mouth. \"What are you worried about? Afraid your highness will disown you for singing at a club!\" He queried, distinct wonder splashed across his face and statement, leaning over the railing. I turned away and glare at the lava lamp by the corner of the bed, watching the globules stretch, break up and move away. ' Why does that feel like my life?' \"Clarissa, everything is going to be okay? You can be yourself here!\" I turned to find him sitting on the bed beside me, close enough perceive the kind creases of his face. If the promise turned out to be a farce, the humiliation would devour me alive. \"I'm not sure. If I am myself here then who was I playing my entire life.\" He leaned forward and touched my cheek in a comforting gesture, staring earnestly into my blue depths. A delicious, excited shiver descended my spine originating from the touch and gathered in the pit of my stomach, emotions I had never felt before. A sudden impulse took hold of me and before I could comprehend my actions, I touched his lips with mine. A ripple of pleasure raced through my veins when he didn't draw back 'Maybe letting loose once in a while isn't so bad after all !' \"WHAT THE HELL!\" Swiftly we broke apart and spared a joint flushed, guilty look before meeting the new-comers eyes, brimming over with horror and astonishment. Miss raggedy Anne in all her former glory stood before us, eyes shifting from Ian to me, her body visibly taunt for an explanation. \"Hello, Daphne!\" I greeted her in a smooth tone underlaid with polite coolness, \"I was just getting acquainted with your commoner, unemployed partner!\" My focus was entirely on Daphne that I missed the full-moon look Ian gave me that wasn't very flattering or polite. ","Summary":" If you're expecting me to wait Then I'll have to tell you straight! I'm not the right girl for you!"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Something to Talk About","Author":"ThePotterGeek","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3618816","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I re-watched What a Girl Want recently, and I gotnthis idea for a songfic. Yes, folks, that's right, songfic. Don't own song or story. -- Peoplenare talkin', talking 'bout people Inhear them whisper, you won't believe Peoplenwere saying things about Daphne hanging out with Ian, a 'commoner'nwhen she was practically royalty. Theynthink we're lovers kept under covers Injust ignore it, but they keep saying Sayingnthings like they were dating or something. Wenlaugh just a little too loud Wenstand just a little too close Wenstare just a little too long \"Whynare you trying so hard to fit it? When you were born to stand out.\" Maybenthey're seeing, something we don't, Darlin' Henkissed her. Maybe they weren't wrong. Let'sngive them something to talk about Let'sngive them something to talk about Let'sngive them something to talk about Hownabout love? Butnnow they really had something to talk about. Infeel so foolish, I never noticed You'dnact so nervous, could you be falling for me? Iannhadn't seen that she liked him back. Itntook a rumor to make me wonder NownI'm convinced I'm going under Whennpeople had started talking, he realized. Thinkingn'bout you every day Dreamingn'bout you every night Hopingnthat you feel the same way Nownthat we know it, let's really show it, Darlin' Henthought about her every second. Now that they were together, why not?n\"Like kissing a guy who parks cars?\" Let'sngive them something to talk about Let'sngive them something to talk about Let'sngive them something to talk about Hownabout love, love, love, love? Nownthere was really something to talk about. Didn't comenout as good as I had hoped. Oh, well. Hope you liked. Review! -Arnold- ","Summary":" I re-watched What a Girl Want recently, and I gotnthis idea for a songfic. Yes, folks, that's right"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Too Much to Handle","Author":"HenryDashwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7720370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Too much to Handle -Libby's view- People think it's easy if you leave someone, when you think it's for the best. Especially if you love them so much, that your heart dies each time you think about him. That's how it feels for me, each time I look at my daughter. She can never meet her father, but she wants too. Why did I do this to her? Why on earth did I listen to Alistair? Thing is, we live with my sister Elena and her daughter and son, Rachel and Ben. They never have known about Daphne's father, only Daphne does. His name is Lord Henry Dashwood, a very well respected man in England. He's even met the Queen. He's 35th in line to the crown. I still love him, and that's what's making this all hard. Daphne wants to see him, but I don't want to risk her for what happened to me. He's my soul-mate, he always will be. I know he's getting married now, that was a kick in the heart, but he probably thinks I've moved on on or something. Probably Alistair told him that to not even worry about me anymore. I hope he is happy. Yes, I am writing a journal note right now, because I need to get this out. It's been bottled up for a little bit now and Daphne's noticing the upsetness. It's been 17 years today, since Henry and I's Bedouin ceremony in Morocco, it's like a marriage. Not sure whether it was legal or not though. Someway, I am hoping it is, cause then he wouldn't be able to get married and have to find me for divorce. But then that's worrying me, as of Daphne. But I don't know how I would react to him asking for a Divorce \"Hey Libby, sorry for the interruption to your life, hope your new partner doesn't mind this. Only quick visit. We're still married, can you sign the divorce papers?\" I don't really know how I would react. Why am I thinking like this? I miss him, that's why. - Libby. Journal Entry #1 - 1/04/03 Another rotten few months. Though some girl, rang up asking me to sing at her wedding in London. I told her I'd think about it, and that she said there was a slot for my daughter to be a waitress there. I still said I'd think about it. She seemed snotty. Glynnis Payne was her name, I wonder who she's marrying. Seems one of their social standing types. Judging by the upness of her voice and choice of words. Maybe I should take this job? It pays highly well. Daphne and I argued in front of my sister and her children over her father today. My sister could tell that I was in pain about this and I think she understood why I couldn't let Daphne go and get her hurt. I couldn't. Daphne wants me to take this job, because London is where the Dashwood's live. She's coarsing me to accept the job. Maybe I should? Daphne in the end does deserve a chance with her Dad. But it can't be with me there, would be too much to handle. Well I think I should go call Glynnis Payne, I mean Miss Payne. To tell her I accept her job. - Libby #2 Journal entry. - 5/06/03. Okay we're now in London, and Daphne's loving it! She's gone out, but I do wonder where she's gone too, maybe I shouldnt have let her out. Well she went with Ben. Ben wouldn't let her do anything stupid. He's a sensible guy. Then Daphne ran in, \"He saw me!\" Ben followed behind, \"I wonder if they're following!\" I was just looking at them as in 'who?' Daphne looked to Ben they wondered if they should tell me something. \"You know this Glynnis Payne girl, you're marrying for. How we met her yesterday and she never told us, who her partner was...\" I nodded. Daphne looked at Ben again. \"It's Lord Dashwood.\" I choked. \"Oh no!' I have to cancel. \"And, he saw me!\" daphne panted. \"Like literally saw us, looking at his house. Like personally talked to us.\" \"What did he say?\" I instantly said. \"What's special about my house that you have to stare at it?\" Told Daphne. \"Then Glynnis came along, \"Oh! The wedding singers daughter! You've found your way around! Haven't you Princess?\" Daphne was wide eyed probably looking at her father up close, \"I ran! I literally ran. Ben ran after me of course.\" Ben laughed, \"Lord Dashwood looked awfully stunned though. I mean, he just kept looking at Daphne...\" I choked, 'What if he knows?' Ben laughed, \"Don't think they followed.\" I was shocked by this and Daphne knew. Ben was chuffed. He confused a British Lord. \"How did I know his name? Oh! I saw him on TV in History class. The teacher was drooling over him..\" that made a tinge of Jealousy serge through me. In a way of saying 'he was mine, so back of bitch'. Then there was a knock at the Door. I went and hid. [Writing as if a Story now - 3rd person]. Daphne went to answer the door, she opened. And gagged when she saw Lord Dashwood and Glynnis Payne standing there, with a blonde haired girl. That was all that was there. \"Um...\" was all Daphne said. \"May we come in?\" asked the blonde girl. Daphne noticed Lord Dashwood staring at her, obviously. Ben came to the door. \"Who is it Daphs?\" he said then looked, \"Oh...\" Ben looked as his mother came over, \"Come in!\" Daphne glared at her Aunty and moved over. They entered the house, and Daphne saw her mother nowhere in sight. \"Excuse me, finding Mom,\" said Daphne. She entered Libby's bedroom. \"Mom? You're marrying them! Dashwood and Payne. They're marrying! You can't do this marriage. I am gonna cancel it for ya.\" told Daphne. libby looked at her, \"How do you know they're marrying?\" \"Because...they're here? And they seem like a family unit since Glynnis and Lord Dashwood have their arms linked. The blonde teenager's just standing there.\" Daphne exited again, \"Mom and I will cancel the wedding. Can't be the band, band member got sick...\" lied Daphne. \"We'll get a replacement for her then,\" told Lord Dashwood. Anger Rose in Daphne, \"SHE CANT DO IT!\" she yelled. Ben held her, \"Settle down, Cuz. Daphne sighed, \"Sorry.\" Lord Dashwoods eyes were wide, \"She's already agreed.\" \"She didn't know it was you,\" said Daphne. \"Me?\" asked Lord Dashwood, \"Why?\" Daphne looked to Ben cause she had told him everything. Ben decided to tell him. \"Because, she can't. You and her mother, already met...17 years ago, in another country...\" Told Ben, \"Morocco.\" Told Daphne. Lord Dashwood was confused and thought for a minute, Glynnis was worried that, that was Libby. THE LIBBY! \"Libby?\" asked Lord Dashwood. \"Yes, Aunt Libby Reynolds.\" told Ben. Daphne left the room again, being rude cause she didn't excuse herself and went into her mom's room then pulled her out. \"See...\" told Daphne. Lord Dashwood looked over and saw Libby. His eyes just widened. Glynnis was glaring. \"Not doing our marriage.\" \"I don't WANT to do it!\" growled Libby. \"Good then, darling we got that settled how about we leave.\" told Glynnis. Lord Dashwood was quiet. And nodded. Libby saw her chance as he was walking to the door with his new partner and some girl, \"Daphne's your daughter.\" Daphne just looked at her Mom, in shock. 'She told him? After not wanting me to meet him...well in that way...' \"What?\" asked Glynnis. Daphne wished she'd shut up. \"Wasn't talking to you,\" firmly told Libby. Henry just looked at her and then to me. \"Um..proof?\" Libby walked into her bedroom, \"I always carry her birth certificate...\" she held it out for him, there was no way she'd walk to him. Lord Dashwood moved over there and took it off her and looked at it. \"Why?\" asked Lord Dashwood. Daphne looked at Ben confused. He shrugged. \"Why? Why what?\" asked Libby. \"Why did you leave? Were you pregnant when you left?\" asked Henry. Glynnis was glaring, at her. Obviously she knew Alistair drove her away. Right, same last name. Her father? Course she'd know. \"Ask your advisers Henry, they got me this far.\" Libby then said, \"Lord Dashwood I mean.\" \"Henry's fine. What is that supposed to mean? and Were you?\" he asked that question. Libby struggled. \"Mom! How come he doesn't know why you left? I thought you told him why?\" asked Daphe. Libby blinked. \"You didn't need the whole story, neither does he.\" told Libby. She turned to walk, but Henry grabbed her arm. Which made her look at him. \"What do you mean by that? How could you not tell me I've had a daughter for half my life!\" Ben's mother let them in but had gone out to get somethings and returned. To see a concerned family and Lord Dashwood over with Libby. Daphne glared, \"Didn't want me to have what happened to her.\" \"What happened!\" Growled Henry looking at Libby. He was determined to find out. \"Was it Alistair?\" Libby's eyes widened. Henry took that as a yes, and turned to Glynnis, \"What did he do?\" Glynnis shrugged, \"Nothing!\" \"Bullshit!\" told Libby. Henry looked back, \"CAN SOMEONE JUST TELL ME ALREADY!\" he yelled. \"He forced me out. Knew I was pregnant and everything, I tried to tell you. He pretty much pushed me out the door before getting to you.\" Daphne gasped. \"Mom...\" Libby looked at her, \"What?\" \"You left him,\" said Daphne. \"Yes, in a way. Not my choice. Told me if I really loved Henry, I'd leave. So because I really loved him, I left.\" told Libby. Daphne just sat down. \"So you weren't protecting me from my father? Only Alistair?\" Elena was immensley confused. \"What is going on Ben?\" Ben looked to Daphne and shrugged a sorry, \"Lord Dashwood is Daphne's father.\" Elena's eyes almost popped out of her head, \"But our friend...she drools over Lord's like him.\" Ben laughed, \"And? How is that a problem, right now? Exactly this point in time and now? She's in America. If she was here. She'd be on the floor unconcious.\" Elena nodded, \"Ah...\" Elena was thinking how the glare always comes when her friend Sandra talked about Lord Dashwood from Libby. She understood now, Lord Dashwood was once hers. \"Whoa! Was he the guy you married in Morocco? Why do you keep this from me?\" asked Libby. Daphne looked, \"She wanted to save the story for me, but yes, he was the one.\" Elena's eyes widened, \"Sandra would have a fit!\" laughing. Henry was so confused. He jsut kept looking at Libby though, his emotion for her was strong. He still loved her. Henry turned to Glynnis, \"I know you knew. So, why'd he do it? For my career or for me to get with you?\" \"Both.\" told Glynnis. \"First things first, He did this with my mother and father, you know about that?\" asked Henry. \"Yes.\" answered Glynnis. \"Why'd he mess with them? Though it never worked...\" asked Henry. \"Wanted his political career without anyone to mess it up. like with you, Libby's not right for you.\" Told Glynnis. \"What because she's not a social standing Debutante like you and your daughter?\" asked Henry. Glynnis gasped. Glynnis had no idea, \"No. Because she doens't suit this life.\" \"You act like you know me,\" snapped Libby and walked off. ","Summary":" Too much to Handle -Libby's view- People think it's easy if you leave someone, when you think it's "},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"America To England","Author":"HenryDashwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7730924","Passage":"[Chapter 1] America to England Summary: Letters back and forth from America to England, Daphne Reynolds wants to connect with her father, Lord Henry Dashwood, but doesn't know how so she writes him a letter. With high a lot of doubt that he'd even respond…does he? Dear Lord Dashwood, Hello, my name is Daphne Reynolds. I'm seventeen years of age, and I am the daughter of Libby Reynolds. I know I shouldn't be writing to you, Mom told me I shouldn't, but she's understood why I have too. But you are my father, and I have a right to know, don't I? I know this would be some shock to you, I know I'm in shock writing this to you. Knowing my grammar and writing isn't neat, but I do hope you can read it! I'm sorry that she never told you, she wasn't allowed too. She said that Alistair told her to leave and you knew everything about it. I don't know what to say. Every birthday I'd make a wish, hoping you would turn up. I wanted to come over and tell you, but Mom said it wouldn't be good. I don't know. I'm sorry you found out this way. I've attached some pictures of proof, and copy of my birth certificate, I hope you write back when you could… From, Daphne Reynolds She sent the letter to his home in England… Henry received the letter, after Lady Dashwood collected the mail instead of Alistair, well that was good then. Henry read the letter and responded when he had the chance (which was a week later). Dear Miss Daphne Reynolds, I am sorry that I was never around; I am not sure why you've written when my number is on the internet. But I understand reservations. I've um, I don't know what to say. You've got my eyes, I know that much. Libby being your mother, I'm sure you were raised like an impeccable young lady. I…um, didn't your mother see that I needed the same consideration? I don't understand how she couldn't tell me I had fathered a child, until I receive a letter out of the blue. I'm angry, but I would like to get to know you. You are welcome to visit the Dashwood home, whenever you've got time. Here's my number if you wish to ring, it's a personal line, so it'll come straight to me, none other will answer… +122392539 From, Lord Henry Dashwood. He sent the message and felt awfully weird. He talked to his mother about it more and more and he knew he wanted to meet her, face to face. Libby had collected the mail, shocked to her, that she thought after a week he wouldn't reply to see a mail for Daphne in fancy writing. She thought it would be from that guy she's also been writing too. \"Daphne, Mark's replied…\" told Libby. Daphne took the mail and opened it, \"Then how come it says on the letter: Sender, Lord Henry Dashwood, of Dashwood manor.\" Libby froze, \"he replied…\" \"Listen to this; Libby being your mother, I'm sure you were raised as an impeccable young lady,\" said Daphne. Libby smiled. Daphne got a pen. Dear Lord Dashwood, Mom will be writing a piece here, so you know what really happened. Thank for your number, and the approved visit. I might come, soon, if I feel like it. Have to finish finals (exams) first. Here's Mom to explain; Henry or Lord Dashwood now, I didn't want to leave, but Alistair told me you wanted me too. He –knew- I was pregnant. I tried to come and tell you but he insisted that if I loved you I must leave immediately. Do you think it was easy? Easy leaving taking a baby that was yours too? Knowing you'd never know? Until now, do you know how hard it was on me leaving the love of my life? The one, I still love… There you go, that's the thing. It was Not my choice. You wanted me to go, not like you jumped on a plane and came after me. Libby. Well there we go that's out of the bag. I'm sorry Lord Dashwood. I hope you understand, here's our number. 043392 599 Sorry, again, Daphne She sent the letter. A few days later the phone rang. Daphne answered. \"Hello, Daphne speaking,\" answered Daphne. \"Hello,\" answered Henry... ","Summary":" America to England Summary: Letters back and forth from America to England, Daphne Reynolds wants t"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"A Touch Of Destiny","Author":"Laydee-Boo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3971568","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author Note: Okay… Sorry but I'm starting a new story okay… I didn't particularly like my old one :S so I deleted it… hope any of you who read it don't mind and wont kill me :D… Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters mentioned from films in this story, the only characters I do own are the ones I have made up :) Introduction Characters Phoebe-Rose An 18 year old Sixth Former at a local school. Brown hair and blue eyes. Well endowed and naturally pretty. The head cheerleader (yes we have them in the UK) and loved by everyone because she is popular. She hates being popular though, she loves to just relax and unwind with her closest friends, Joanna & Khaylen. Joanna 18 years old, another cheerleader, and co captain of the team. She is semi popular and naturally pretty. Brown hair and brown eyes, with a sense of adventure. She loves to just hang out with Phoebe and her other best friend Khaylen. Khaylen 18 years old. Brown hair, green eyes and of course, naturally pretty and she is half cast. She isn't part of the cheerleading team but enjoys watching her girls do their thing. She loves those girly weekends they spend together. Of course she is semi popular as well but ignores the attention. Daniel 18, and part of the school football team, obviously as captain, what else? Brown hair and blue eyes. He has been dating Phoebe ever since they met at the beginning of year 11 (sixth form) when they were just 16. All of the boys are jealous that he is going out with Phoebe and well the girls are jealous she is going out with him, because he is classed as the buffest boy in their school. Sam 18 years old and co captain of the football team. Blonde hair and green eyes. He is quite popular as well and he is dating Khaylen. Him and Daniel would always join the girls on their sleepovers, sneaking into Phoebes bedroom via her window. He loves to chill with Daniel and Adam. Adam 18 (again …) and only into things like hockey, running and not football. He is captain of the hockey team though. He is going out with Joanna. He has blonder hair and blue eyes. He is the best runner in the school and wins a lot of awards for it. He loves to hang out with his best mates Daniel and Sam. When he is not with them or with Joanna he will be training. Other than that he would be sneaking into the girls sleepovers as well. Main Intro I'm just one of those normal girls, loves to shop, hang out with her friends, and be with the one I love. I didn't ask to get so lucky in life. I didn't ask to meet that boy. I didn't ask to have the best friends a girl could get. And well I didn't ask to intelligent and not stupid like most people assume I am because im a cheerleader or because I can be pretty without make up or anything. This is sounding rather vain, but it's true. Everyone tells me this all the time. I just smile and act like I couldn't care less about it all. Truth is I care too much about it all, so much that if I lose any of it, then I don't know what I would do… ","Summary":" Author Note: Okay… Sorry but I'm starting a new story okay… I didn't particularly like my old one :"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"What a girl gets","Author":"puppylove226959","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5007244","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"You brat! I can'tnbelieve you...of all the...!\" \"Thats quite enough,nClarissa.\" Henry decided to silencenthe snobby blonde before a riot breaks out. \"Now leavenimmediatly\". \"But, Henry, she--\" \"NOW!\" Clarissa gives one of hernfamous glares, but leaves. \"Glad she's gone,\"njokes Daphne. \"I don't findnsituation very funny, Daphne.\" \"No...I...guess not.\" \"You guess not.nDaphne, do inlighten me. What on Earth possessed you to call Clarissansuch a obscene name? Do you have any idea how much you embarrassednme! Not to mention the press! You shouldn't even be talking likenthat. Your mother...\" \"Henry, mom hasnnothing to do with this. She can't control how I act or talk whennshes all the way back in New York.\" \"I didn't say Inblamed her. I was going to say, she'd be so, ashamed had she beennhere.\" \"Well, I'll say itnagain. Clarissa is a stupid bit--\" \"Please! Its quitenalright,\" Henry held is hand up. \"I'm sorry, Henry. Indidn't mean to let my thoughts slip like that.\" \"Well, whats done isndone, but that does not mean I'm letting you get away with this.\" \"Are you going to....nground me....?\" \"No.I'm not. Trynagain\" \"I don't...know...\" Daphne's gaze moved tonHenry's hand where she saw him make a certain jesture. \"Oh, please !nI'm sorry...\" \"Come... here,\" Henry pointed to the spot before him. \"But, Henry...\" \"I asked you to comenhere, now do it.\" \"I'm not...no.\" Henry gave her a shockednlook. \" I beg your pardon?nDon't make me count\" \".....\" \"One.\" \"Two.\" Seeing no other option,nshe came over to him as if she was on her way to the gallows. Once there, Henry sat downnon the armless chair beside him and gripped her tightly by the wrist,npulling her over his lap. He then flipped her skirt up and pulledndown her panties. He raised his hand high in the air. He wasnhesitating, but than decided that a good spanking would prevent hernfrom making such future mistakes. SMACK! The first hitnlanded hard on the middle of both sides. That stung,and it would onlynget worst. The next 12 landed therenas well. Daphne trys very hard notnto let any tears escape. Although its pretty hard. \"Stop! I can't takenanymore, Henry!\" \"The way you acted atnthat picnic, I think your tough enough to handle a little beatingndon't you?,\"Henry asks in a strict tone, putting the punishmentnon hold and than continuing much harder and faster. \"I'm not saying sorrynif thats what you want! She deserved it!\" Henry was now smacking hernright side. \" I'm not expectingnan apology little girl! I just want to put this attitude of yours inncheck!\" \"Ahh! I don't have annattitude, Henry! Ow! Clarissa does!\" \"I know and you'venlet her little attitude get to you! I will not have any daughter ofnmine act like a spoiled, whiny, and snobby brat like Clarissa!\" Henry was now hitting hernleft side, moving over to her sit spots. That hurt even more. \"I'm not going tonturn into Clarissa!,\" Daphne used her hands to protect hernbackside. Henry had no problem atnall in pinning both her hands together at the small of her back andnholding them there tightly. \"I know you won't!nSince, I won't let you!\" At least he went back tonhitting her middle, not that it could stopped the waterfall of tearsnthat just flowed down her cheeks, making them hot. While struggling, Daphnenaccidently kicked her father in the shin pretty hard. So, he pinnednher legs between his tightly, giving her very little freedom tonstruggle. Next he crossed his leg over the other one, only to himnmore access to her already upturned backside. Quickly he started tonspank angry now. \"You don't have anynidea how angry I am right now!\" 'I think I've got thenimpression!!!', Daphne screams in her thoughts. \"I will handlenClarissa! It was not up to you!\" \"I know, but...!\" \"No! You don't get tontalk, Daphne! You get to listen! Thats one of the consequences ofnhaving your bottom spanked, for being very naughty!\" \"Yournbeing...sob...unfair...sob...sob....\" \"No Daphne! I am not!nYou were a bad girl and now this is where we are!\" \"But...sob...all Indid was...sob...\" \"Yes, but younstretched it out, causing a scene infront of the press...on purposenno less! I'm not going to tell you again, you do the listening!\" \"But,nHenry...sob...if you'd just...sob...let me expl-explain...\" Henry, seaced for anmoment. He spoke to her quietly and gently. \"Oh, no sweetheart. Inwas right there,remember? You don't have to explain. there was nonexcuse for the way you acted....no excuse,Daphne!\" He continued. \"But, Henry! That--\" \"You say,the wordn'but' again,and you'll be drinking soap, when this is all done!\" \"Please! I learned mynlesson!\" \"I'll decide. Notnyou!\" After 30 more smacks,nHenry decides she's had enough. He rests his hand on hernback. \"Now, are you readynto behave like a civilized young lady, or must I continue?\" \"You mean behave likenmiss. Prissy Clarissa?\", muttered Daphne. \"Drop the tonen,unless you fancy starting all over?\" \"Yeah...I'll...behave.\" \"Than say, 'Yes sir.nI apologize for my outragious behavior and will not act that waynagain.\" Daphne felt extreme anger.nShe refused to say any of that. Even if that meant being over hisnknee all day. Saying sorry, would be like saying sorry to Clarissa. \"Daphne...?\" \"No. I won't saynthat. I meant what I said before and I won't take it back.\" \"Daphne! Do not talknback! What is with you? Why are you being so, disobediant?\" Henry started spanking,nbut this time hard enough, for her to sob really hard. She started kicking andnthrashing harder until he had to let go. As soon as she had enoughndistance between them, she raised her panties and slowly backed a waynto the door. \"Daphne. Please,ndon't be ridiculous. I--\" \"Don't benwhat???Excuse me, but this isn't the way I imagined spending timenwith you! As a matter of fact, I never want to see you again!\" \"Daphne, you don'tnmean that.\" \"Yes I do! I hatenyou!!!\" \"......\" \"You do...?\"nHenry asked sadly. Daphne didn't answer, butninstead left. ","Summary":" \"You brat! I can'tnbelieve you...of all the...!\" \"Thats quite enough,nClarissa.\" Henry decided "},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Apologies","Author":"Astronema","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2350345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer :rnThe characters and situation mentioned are from the motion picture What a Girl Wants and not my property, but some major motionrnpicture studio's. What I have written, however, does belong to me.rnNo money is made off this; it is purely for pleasure and the sake ofrnwriting. Author'srnNote This piece is arnmildly drastic depart from my usual writing style: it's darker andrndoesn't really hint at any silver lining, unlike my first twornpieces. It also has the new element of an integrated song. In short,rnI've written a darker, angstier songfic than before. Apologies Maybe I'm notrncut out for this life. Maybe this isn't what I'm meant for. MaybernClarissa was right. Maybe…I don't belong here. I ain't nornqueen of hearts; I go throughrnstages; I fall inrnlove, Thenrncomplicate it. Then where do I belong? That more, I thought ifrnI had more, I wouldn'trnget so bored, Butrneverything just left me empty. God,rneverything's a mess. I've publicly embarrassed everyone: myrnfather, my family, everything the Dashwood name stands for. I didn'trnwant to admit it…but I am an embarrassment. I'm justrntrying to be creative, Butrneveryone's so opinionated; They wannarntell me what I'm feeling. I'm sorry I'mrnnot charming enough. I'm sorry I'mrnnot talented enough. I'm sorry I'mrnnot polished enough. I'm sorry I'mrnnot everything you want me to be. But most ofrnall, I'm just sorry that I'm not the perfect daughter. Fin Song Credit :rn\"What's Good For Me,\" performed by Lucy Woodward on the Whatrna Girl Wants Soundtrack. ","Summary":" Disclaimer :rnThe characters and situation mentioned are from the motion picture What a Girl Wants "},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"What a Girl Really Wants","Author":"Winter Bells","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7525144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: What a Girl Wants bukan milik saya. What a Girl Wants ditulis oleh Jenny Bicks dan Elizabeth Chandler. Saya hanya meminjam karakternya. Warning: modified Canon, lime. Pairing: Ian Wallace / Daphne Dashwood. Enjoy—kalau bisa :) What a Girl Really Wants By: Winter Bells Bila kau sadari, hari ini seorang pemuda akan datang ke kediaman keluarga Dashwood, Ian Wallace namanya. Tujuannya mengunjungi salah satu keluarga kerajaan tersebut ialah semata-mata menjemput teman baiknya—yang mana putri dari keluarga Dashwood. Ia mengendarai sebuah motor dengan pakaian layaknya vokalis band. Kau tau? Memakai kaos oblong tanpa lengan dan celana jeans yang sengaja dirobek bagian lututnya. Tak ketinggalan model rambutnya yang aww, mengesankan. Grung. Grung. Beberapa kali pemuda itu meraungkan motornya sehingga terdengar begitu jantan. Ia turun seraya melekatkan penutup kepalanya di salah satu gagang motor. Berjalan tanpa beban kemudian meraih gagang pintu yang tertera di halaman belakang rumah keluarga Dashwood. Seperti biasa, ia selalu mengajak sang putri untuk bermain melalui jalan ini, kalau ia memilih jalan depan, maka nasibnya patut diperhitungkan. Cekrek. Setelah Ian membuka pintu—eits! Sebuah tangan langsung menariknya keluar. \"Ayo kita bersenang-senang hari ini!\" seru Daphne dengan antusias. Bila dilihat dari penampilannya, Daphne tak lebih dari seorang gadis biasa yang tinggal di perumahan lazim. Sebab, kaos dan jeans yang ia pakai tak mencerminkan sedikitpun penampilan seorang putri kerajaan. Tapi inilah yang disukai oleh Daphne, tampil seperti gadis normal tanpa harus menggunakan gaun panjang dengan topi formal di atas kepalanya. Bosan dan tidak nyaman. \"Apa kau siap?\" Ian menaiki motornya lalu menyalakan mesin. Daphne mengangguk dan duduk di jok belakang motor tersebut. Ia meraih helm hasil pemberian dari Ian. \"Pegangan!\" Wus! Dan motor itu pun berlari cepat. Dedaunan yang telah bersemayam di atas tanah terombang-ambing melayang di atas udara akibat laju mesin itu. Semakin lama Ian mengebutkan motornya, semakin kuatlah tangan Daphne melingkar di pinggangnya. \"Kita akan ke mana?\" \"Lihat saja. Tempat ini pasti akan membuatmu tak ingin pulang,\" senyum sumringah berkibar di bibir Daphne. Ian selalu bisa membuatnya menjadi gadis yang sesungguhnya. Mencari apa yang sebenarnya seorang gadis inginkan. Inilah hidup yang diinginkan Daphne. \"Bagaimana?\" tanya Ian saat mereka sampai di tujuan. Keduanya turun dari motor. Daphne tercengang, belum pernah ia mengunjungi pasar di pinggir kota. Menjual berbagai pernak-pernik yang diinginkan oleh para gadis. \"E-eh, t-tunggu!\" Daphne menarik tangan Ian menuju sebuah toko. Ternyata toko kecil yang mereka masuki adalah toko busana. Daphne begitu sibuk memilah berbagai pakaian yang tersedia di dalamnya. \"Ian, bagaimana penampilanku?\" Glek . Mata Ian tertegun dan ia meneguk ludahnya. Gadis itu sedang memakai pakaian renang mode terbaru. Belah dadanya tampak dan lekuk tubuhnya terlihat jelas. \"Err… bagus,\" \"Benarkah? Yeay! Aku akan membeli pakaian ini.\" Hari itu, mereka membunuh waktu dengan membuang uang di pasar tersebut. Singgah ke satu toko lalu ke toko lainnya. Waktu terus bergulir sehingga mereka lupa sore telah tiba. \"Aku tak ingin pulang. Aku ingin bersenang-senang lagi,\" Daphne memohon agar Ian dan motornya tak memulangkannya. Yeah, lagipula Ian juga belum puas have fun hari ini. \"Baiklah. Aku akan membawamu ke tempat lain,\" Seketika itu juga motor menyala kembali, meraung memberontak menentang alam dan pergi menyapu jalanan. Meninggalkan dedaunan dan debu-debu berterbangan di belakangnya. Danau. Sampan. Bebek. Burung merpati. Alga biru yang tertanam di dasar danau. Sepasang insan yang duduk di atas susunan kayu mengapung di atas air, menjadi pemandangan menakjubkan yang melebihi kata romantis. Ian dan Daphne, sepasang insan yang mengapung bersamaan menunggangi sampan di atas genangan air luas yang disebut danau. Kayu mahoni panjang yang telah diukir, perlahan Ian dorong secara berkala agar sampan yang mereka naiki berjalan di atas air menuju titik pertengahan. \"Kau tau, aura di danau ini begitu romantis. Apa kau merasakannya?\" Ian terus mengayuh tongkatnya di pinggir sampan. \"Ya, sangat.\" Daphne tertegun. Kedua bola matanya bertautan ke segala arah. Memandangi panorama. \"Kau tau, kau selalu membuatku menjadi seorang gadis,\" \"Kau ingin mencoba berdiri di pinggirnya?\" tawar Ian. Dengan senang hati Daphne menerimanya dan mengikuti instruksi Ian. \"Ini sulit,\" Daphne terus mencoba berdiri di sisi sampan. Sepertinya gaya gravitasi menggoyahkan keseimbangannya. \"Ouwowooo!\" Ia berteriak. Kakinya tak terlatih sehingga tak mampu menjaga balance-nya . Tangan-tangan itu menangkapnya. Menjatuhkan mereka berdua dari Tuan Sampan. Masuk ke dalam perut danau. Pakaian mereka basah, menggigil. Keduanya kembali ke pangkuan sampan dan sama-sama tersungkur. Daphne menimpa tubuh Ian. \"Ini,\" Ian melepas bajunya dan melingkarkannya ke pelukan Daphne agar gadis itu tak kedinginan. Tampaklah kulit putih telanjang itu oleh kedua bola mata Daphne. \"Kau tak apa?\" Daphne masih terdiam. Tatapannya tertuju ke Ian yang berada di bawahnya. \"Kau tau Ian, setelah seorang gadis memenuhi keinginannya. Tinggal satu keinginan terbesar yang harus ia penuhi—\" \"—apa itu?\" Kedua wajah itu saling mendekat. Hening seketika, suara tak ada menyapa. Mata saling terkatup dan sepasang bibir saling bertautan. Menyapa satu sama lain. Tangan-tangan Daphne membelai, merayu dada mulus seorang Ian. Kemudian jari-jemari itu perlahan menurunkan jeans Ian. Sehingga benda vital yang tersimpan di dalamnya tergapai oleh tangan Daphne. Ia mengelusnya dengan lembut. Ian terkesima. Sentuhan itu mampu melumpuhkan persendian dan otot-ototnya. \"Enggh…\" Benda itu menghormat secara berkala. Kedua napas mereka saling bersatu. \"Kau tau apa keinginan terakhir seorang gadis? Inilah dia,\" Perlahan balutan kain yang menyelubungi tubuh Daphne tak tampak. \"Mari kita bersenang-senang,\" \"Aku takut kau tidak gadis lagi,\" goda Ian sembari menggulingkan tubuh Daphne. \"Dengan senang hati hamba memenuhi permintaanmu, Putri.\" Sore itu menjadi awal hubungan lebih mereka. Hasrat-hasrat tercurahkan di atas sampan. Saling berbagi tubuh untuk dinikmati bersama. Mereka yang berada di sekitar danau akan heran mendengar desahan-desahan seorang gadis. \"—Ahh. Argh!—\" . — Kau tau keinginan terakhir seorang gadis? Berbagi kenikmatan bersama sehingga ia menjadi gadis sempurna. Menjadi seorang wanita.— . Fin . FYI, fanfic ini diambil dari sebuah scene yang ada di movie-nya. Terima kasih telah membaca :) Review? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: What a Girl Wants bukan milik saya. What a Girl Wants ditulis oleh Jenny Bicks dan Eliz"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Claustrophobic","Author":"Cr8zeCorbinFangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3514034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm pounding on the door right now. I can't believernGlinis! She's locked me in here! It's so cramped in here. Myrnglove must be dirty because the end of it keeps bumping in a vacuumrncleaner that is littered with dust. I jiggled the handle. The door isrnlocked. It's getting hard to breathe now and the darkness isn'trnthat great either. I am so stupid! The one night I don't take myrnclaustrophobe medicine. God, I am such an idiot! \"Help!\" Itrnsounded like somebody else screaming. My voice was weak and bleak, myrnvocals devoid of air. My eyes began to slip close as I slumpedrnagainst the door. My pounding became a rhythmical thumping. My body fell into a pair of strong arms. \"Daph?rnDaphne?\" Sweet, sweet Ian. You save me once more. I'm sorryrnabout everything I did. I should have never tried to fit in. \"Daphne, honey. Come on, wake up.\" Mom. I hope I don't get an earful from her when I dornwake up. I want to wake up, but my body is too exhausted. \"Daphne, come on. Open up.\" Mom pulled down my chinrnand I could hear the faint rattle of pills. \"What the hell are those?\" Ian's stunned voicernwould have made me smile. If I was conscious. \"Daph's claustrophobic. I guess she didn't takernher medicine this morning.\" The plastic capsules glided against myrntongue. I began to feel lighter, but I was still exhausted. \"Ian,rntake her to her room. She must still be tired. I'm gonna go have a talk with Glinis andrnHenry.\" Mom, go you! I could feel my body pulled up and the bouncing thatrncame with the movement. It wasn't long until I was released from Ian's armrnto the confines of my bed. Ian still hadn't left me. Quite therncontrary. He lied beside me, pulling me close to him. He kissed myrnforehead and brushed my hair. I'm thinking of adding a section about Daphne when she wakes up. I dunno, maybe if I get enough reviews? LOL :-) ","Summary":" I'm pounding on the door right now. I can't believernGlinis! She's locked me in here! It's so cramp"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Study Break","Author":"SereneCalamity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3801913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I wrote this coz I was bored in computer classes! I hope it's okay! Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, only the plot. Ian Wallace skidded along the gravel, earning a glare from the groundskeeper. Ian gave him a friendly wave and made his way up to the big house. The housekeeper opened the door and smiled at him. \"Daphne is up in her bedroom, she's got a test coming up,\" the housekeeper said and walked off. Ian made his way up the elegant stairway to where Daphne's room was. Daphne Dashwood-Reynolds was laying on her bed, her feet swinging off the side of the bed. Ian walked over to her bed, and saw her head bobbing to the music which was pounding out of the speakers of her iPod. She had three books in front her, and a pen, but at the moment, she was flicking through a Crème magazine. Ian jumped onto the bed beside her and Daphne let out a squeal. \"Hey!\" She said, giving him a grin as she took the headphones out of her ears. \"Hey,\" he replied. \"Looks like you're having fun 'studying'!\" He gave her a cheeky grin and nudged her. \"Oy! I've been up here for the last three hours—I haven't even had dinner yet!\" Daphne said, sitting up and stretching. Ian gave her a smile and ran a hand through his spiky hair. \"So, why are you here? Come to tease me, coz you don't have any exams to do?! \" Ian grinned and shrugged. \"You know I'd never do that,\" he told her. Daphne pushed him playfully. \"Nah, the reason I came up was coz your mum called me. She said you needed to have some fun. So…I'm here to take you out for dinner!\" Daphne gave him a smile and reached over and hugged him. \"That'd be great, Ian…But I have to stay here,\" Daphne said, pouting. Ian grabbed her under the arms and dragged her off the bed. \"Wh-what?!\" \"Nope, you're coming with me!\" He said, and picked her up. Daphne squealed as he tossed her over his shoulder, carrying her out of the room and down the stairs. Henry Dashwood came out of his study to see what was going on. He grinned and shook his head ruefully as he saw Daphne being carried out of the house. \"See you, Mr Dashwood!\" Ian called over his shoulder as he closed the door behind him. Libby Dashwood-Reynolds came out and saw the door close and squeals coming from outside. \"Did you call him up?\" Henry asked his wife. She nodded, smiling. \"Daph needed a break,\" she replied. \"Seriously, Ian, there's gotta be nicer ways of getting me out of the house!\" Daphne said as Ian put her down. He gave her a grin. \"Yeah, but not always can I pick you up,\" Ian replied. Daphne gasped dramatically and slapped him on the arm. \"C'mon, you need to be back by nine,\" Ian handed her a helmet and buckled on one of his own. Daphne put it on and got on the bike behind Ian. \"You ready?\" He asked. \"Yeah,\" Daphne whispered in his ear. Ian grinned back at her as he revved the engine and then took off, getting another glare from the groundskeeper as the wheels of bike dug into the gravel. The big, iron gates just opened in time for Ian to speed out. Daphne waved her shoulder at the gate-opener and then tightened her arms around Ian's waist again. It was a small, Italian restaurant, overlooking the water. When Ian took Daphne in, Daphne looked around the small place, where the candles were burning on the small, wooden tables, and she gave Ian a hug. \"It's so sweet,\" Daphne said. \" You're so sweet!\" She gave him another hug. Ian grinned and hugged her back. \"So, where are we sitting?\" She asked. \"Well, since I know the owners, I can sit wherever we want,\" Ian said. \"We also get half-price.\" Daphne raised an eyebrow questioningly and Ian coughed lightly and grinned. \"I work here on Monday's and Thursday's.\" Daphne shook her head and grinned. \"Another one of my amazing jobs,\" he said with a rueful smile. Daphne smiled and twirled a strand of hair around her finger. \"If your amazing jobs get us into places like this, I'd consider getting one,\" she said, smiling. Ian rolled his eyes as he led her over to a seat outside on the balcony, overlooking the still water. Daphne sat down and then Ian on the opposite side of her. After they finished their meal, Ian and Daphne went for a walk along the waterfront. Ian's arm went around Daphne's waist and he hugged her close to his side. Daphne was smiling, content in just being by Ian. There was only a gentle breeze and it was just enough to blow Daphne's hair softly around her soldiers. Ian turned and smiled at her. \"Why are you looking at me like that?\" Daphne asked, grinning and stopping, turning to him. \"You're beautiful,\" Ian whispered. Daphne blushed slightly. He leaned over and kissed her. Daphne's arms came up and circled around his neck. Ian put his arms around her waist, his hands at the small of her back, pulling her in closer to him. When they pulled apart for air, Daphne tilted her head back at him and smiled. Ian landed a quick kiss on her cheek and then asked, \"Was that a good break from studying?\" Daphne giggled. \"The best,\" she answered. A bit rushed, I know, but I hope you liked it! Please review! ","Summary":" Hey guys! I wrote this coz I was bored in computer classes! I hope it's okay! Disclaimer: I do not "},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"What A girl wants: Even angels fall","Author":"Harri B","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3816399","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nWhat a girl wants doesn't belong to me, so please don't sue! Anyncharacters not mentioned in the film belong to me, so please obtainnmy permission before use. AN:nThis is my first What a girl wants fanfic, so please be nice andnreview. At the end will be a preview of chapter 2. Enjoy! OxfordnUniversity, Oxford. I sat atnmy desk and looked at the title on the laptop in front of me. O.K, Inthought as I began to type. I guess Inshould introduce myself. My name is Daphne Reynolds- Dashwood. I'mn18 years old and was originally born in the United States of America.nA couple of months ago I came to England, to meet my father, HenrynDashwood. At first,nI didn't fit into the whole society thing. A lot of people thoughtnI was rude, messy and just a pain in the butt, but in my defence Inwas just trying to liven things up. The firstnperson I met in England was Ian Wallace. He was so nice and so kindnto me and after we worked out what had happened when I transformedninto a lady, we officially became girlfriend and boyfriend. You see,nafter transforming into a lady, I had this debutante thing where Inwas presented to society. I just knew that I didn't want to be anlady; I wanted to be me again. So, me andnmy mom returned back to New York City. My dad made a choice to comenafter us, so he gave up running for election for a seat in the Housenof Lords and dumped his political advisor Alastair, when he realizednthat Alastair knew all along about my mom being pregnant with me andntold her to go and that he lied to my dad telling him that my mothernhad left because there was some other guy. Dad also dumped his fiancénGlynnis Payne and her pain in the butt daughter, Clarrisa. I wasnfilling in my application form for NYU at another wedding that me andnmy mom were working at when my dad turned up. At first, he keptnlosing what he was going to say until he finally told me, he loved menand that he wouldn't change one hair on my head and that he wasnsorry. After that we had our first father-daughter dance until thatngot interrupted with my dad bringing a present, my boyfriend IannWallace. So afternthat, mom and dad sorted out what had been said all those years agonand got married once again. We moved here, I got to see Ian a lotnmore, my mom and dad were happy, I began at Oxford and me and my dadnbegan to build our relationship. So that'snme, Daphne Reynolds- Dashwood. AN: Inhope you all liked and here is a preview of chapter 2. \"HeynPercy!\" I hugged Percy \"MissnDaphne, good to see you again.\" \"How arenyou, how is everyone?\" I asked doing my seatbelt up \"I amnfine and everyone else is fine.\" Percy answered \"Cool.\"nI said rummaging in my bag \"MissnDaphne, Lady Dashwood asked me to remind you that there is a ballntonight.\" Percy said softly \"Oh no.\"nI groaned Percynlooked at me and a little smile crossed his lips. AN:nPlease review, if you want chapter 2.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: What a girl wants doesn't belong to me, so please don't sue! Any characters not mentioned in the film belong to me, so please obtain my permission before use. AN: T hank you to everyone who reviewed the previous chapter! I do apologize for taking so long to update. At the end will be a preview of chapter 3. \"Hey Percy!\" I hugged Percy. \"Miss Daphne, good to see you again,\" \"How are you, how is everyone?\" I asked doing my seatbelt up \"I am fine and everyone else is fine.\" Percy answered \"Cool.\" I said rummaging in my bag \"Miss Daphne, Lady Dashwood asked me to remind you that there is a ball tonight.\" Percy said softly \"Oh no,\" I groaned Percy looked at me and a little smile crossed his lips. Dashwood Residence, I walked into our house. \"Daphne!\" Mom shouted rushing over to me and hugging me. \"Hi mom,\" I said. \"I've missed you sweetie. Are you o.k.? How was Oxford?\" she asked all at once. \"I've missed you too mom, I'm fine and Oxford was alright,\" I said distantly. \"Are you sure everything is fine?\" Mom asked. \"Yeah, I'm just going to rest and get ready for the party tonight,\" I said. \"O.K, you're father should be home soon,\" Mom said. \"O.K, bye,\" I said disappearing upstairs. Later that afternoon, I finished typing up the last of my essay and hit the save button, just as they was a knock at the door. \"It's open!\" I yelled. The door opened and Henry Dashwood walked in. \"Daphne, welcome home,\" he said. \"Hey dad,\" I said looking up. \"How was Oxford?\" he asked. \"It was fine,\" I said quietly. \"Daphne, is everything o.k.?\" he worriedly asked. \"Everything's fine,\" I said wishing to be left alone. \"Well, I guess I should get ready for the party,\" I said. \"O.K., we only have an hour until we need to leave,\" he said. \"I guess I'd better get dressed,\" I said sticking my head in the wardrobe. \"O.K, sweetheart,\" he worriedly said walking out. AN: I know this chapter is a tad bit dull and short, but it will get better and longer. Here is the preview of chapter 3. \"It was just a dance!\" I shouted. \"It looked more than that!\" Ian shouted. \"You know what Ian? I don't know why you've been ignoring me; I don't know why you've been acting strange. But I know something, I can't do this anymore,\" I said with tears running down my eyes. \"What are you saying? Are you breaking up with me?\" Ian asked. \"Yes, goodbye Ian,\" I said walking off not looking back. \"Daphne!\" he shouted. AN: I hope you all liked the preview. MERRY BELATED CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR, 2008! ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nWhat a girl wants doesn't belong to me, so please don't sue! Anyncharacters not mention"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Perpetual Love","Author":"Wife of Remus the Wolfie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4123908","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Authors Note: Yes, I've looked back at my very old writing, and my old screen name (TheRightWriter)…I have definitely improved my writing style over the years. Okay, well, this is just an idea I had…I've been working with Sci-fi lately, but I wanted to post something that wasn't. A challenge for me, considering my various science fiction stories. R&R.; Chapter One Discussion Over Ian strolled down the gravel path near the tiny shops that he and Daphne ventured to on their first official date; the same day he and she shared their first kiss. There was something…different… about Daphne that made her irresistible to him. Was it her eyes? The way her funky personality showed through any cloudy day? Or was it her love for adventure? He really couldn't tell. Maybe it was all of the above. The only thing he could tell was that he was absolutely, positively, in love. \" Please stop singing\" Henry asked…well, demanded. Daphne turned to her Mom for support. No way was she going to stop singing. I mean, come on, it's the good old music she was listening to. It's not like she was listening to crummy rap.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I own nothing. Authors Note: Here's another chapter. Please review! \"You're beautiful\" Ian admitted as he stared intently in to Daphne's eyes. She was in a red dress, which according to her Dad looked more like a slip, and yet he was staring at her eyes. \"I know\" She replied, lightening the serious and dulcet tones. The two enjoyed an afternoon ride around the town, watching couple after couple retreat to their hotel suites and warm apartments or dormitories. \"Too bad I don't have one yet\" Daphne whispered to Ian as they rode along. \"Yeah, but I do\" Later on, Daphne gazed at the clock. \"It's three o' clock in the morning, Ian! My Dad's going to kill me!\" Ian startled awake, caressing her shoulder. \"Love, you're old enough to stay out as late as you want…they should be able to understand that…besides, how would they know you're here?\" Daphne got up off the bed and covered her dress with Ian's robe. \"Trust me, my Dad has his ways\" Ian laughed at her retort and got up also. \"Daph, this really wasn't the way I planned it…but…\" He walked over to his sock drawer and pulled out a velvet box, about the size of three fingers. Standing next to her, he bent down on one knee. Daphne couldn't breathe, couldn't think…it was all happening too fast. \"Daphne Reynolds…you are the most beautiful girl I have ever met…inside and out. If you say yes…I would love to spend the rest of my life with you. Marry me?\" They stood there for hours it seemed like…the lack of an immediate answer terrifying him. The silence hung and not one dared to breathe. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing. Authors Note: Yes, I've looked back at my very old writing, and my old s"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"After midnight","Author":"shadesofmidnightsun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5815714","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey! Just in case you've read this before - the first chapters are re-written (with some little changes) and the rest should be, too, someday. Sorry for the mistakes, I hope you'll like it XD ~Jey-chan I. chapter: Discoveries Rathbone estate. The jubilee ball for Queen Victoria's 50 years on the throne._ Lady Rayne turned away from her interlocutors. She'd been entertaining some other important – or not so important – ladies for a while now. Her eyes carefully moved across the hall. She couldn't tell what it was but there was definitely something wrong, she was certain about that, and it was making her somewhat tense. Although everything seemed to go smoothly she couldn't get rid of that bothersome feeling in her gut. She politely apologised to her interlocutors with a slight bow and slowly started to approach the tables with food. There was a lot to choose from but she wasn't hungry. No. She was nervous. Despite that she reached for a glass when a footman announced two new guests. Lady Rayne pulled her hand back and turn towards the entrance. Maharaja of Nevada? What was that supposed to mean? And major general Sherlock Holmes? What kind of name was that? She shook her head barely noticeably to show her disapproval and followed the newcomers with watchful caramel eyes as they made their way through the crowd. They were heading towards the food-tables, too. Lady Rayne cocked her head, considering whether to stay where she was and watch from a side or to approach them, for she found them interesting despite their odd exterior. She watched them take some food and nearly pulled a face. What a lack of manners! Was that the way royalties acted in the east? Odd. She was just about to go and inform them about the English manners but stopped in the middle of motion. Lord Rathbone had approached the maharaja, probably greeting him though the man didn't seem friendly at all. She suddenly became all ears. She couldn't hear everything but from what she caught she could tell they were exchanging all those phrases which were too often used between people who had to pretend they liked each other, although there was a hint of threat hanging over them. It made her attention rise but not as much as Rathbone's line at the end. \" If you'll excuse me, I have a matter to attend to.\" Shivers ran down her spine. If she only knew what he was planning. She'd found out he was up to something but she didn't know what. Yet. She was determined to find out. With a frown on her face she watched the dark-haired lord leave, major general Sherlock Holmes return to the maharaja and then leave together with him. She did not like the situation at all. There was something fishy about the whole thing. There was only a moment of hesitation from her side before she followed them, staying carefully hidden all the time for she didn't want to be noticed. The two men led her to Lord Rathbone's library. They had taken off their coats and headgears. She no longer believed they were really a maharaja and his general, quite the opposite, she was absolutely positive they were imposters. And they were up to something as surely as Rathbone was. The men entered the latter's library and a though crossed her mind. It seemed they were spying on Rathbone. Probably they wanted to know the same thing she wanted to know. Or maybe they already knew his plans. Lady Rayne was just about to follow them when she heard a scream and guards appeared out of nowhere and ran past her without even noticing she was there. That could only mean one thing – there would be a fight. She stopped herself from cursing but still clenched her fists. She hated the whole scene. Things going on here were probably of great importance yet there was nothing she could do, absolutely nothing. She was completely helpless. Was it because she was a woman? Because she was supposed to be fragile? Because she had never got a chance to make things any different...? That Chinese woman – she could fight. It had brought her into the prison in the end. Not that she'd had any chances from the start anyway. But at least she could have tried, could she? Besides, she must have known something, otherwise she wouldn't have attacked Rathbone. Lady Rayne sighed. Maybe she should find that woman. Suddenly everything went quiet. She waited for another moment before slightly opening the door and peeking inside. Guards were lying on the floor, obviously beaten, in the middle of the general mess. Books were torn, scattered all around the room, a picture on the wall destroyed. She covered her mouth with her gloved hand. \" What happened here?\" she gasped. \"What are you doing?\" \" Intruders, milady,\" one of them mumbled. \" Don't lie around here then,\" she stated as her mind began to work. \"Go and inform everyone! We certainly cannot allow them to move around freely! Go!\" She just needed a little time, just a moment alone. She knew where the men had disappeared. She knew there was a secret passage behind the heart, it had taken her long enough to find that out. But no one could know. Luckily the guards also couldn't let her know. To avoid being suspicious they obediently left the room. Lady Rayne didn't wait. There was no time to lose, not now. With quick steps she made her way through the mess and entered the hidden room. Without taking a look at any of the beautiful but useless thing the room was filled with, she nearly ran into the other passage. When she came to the end she slightly pushed the trap door open and her eyes widened. Three people were kneeling there, hidden behind a wooden wall. The false maharaja, his servant and a girl – loony Lin. No, just Lin. Lady Rayne didn't like her but she was certain the girl wasn't crazy. However, these three people were not the only one in there. Lord Rathbone was standing further away, talking with a Chinese man Lady Rayne had never seen before. She saw a huge diamond in his hand and held her breath. Whatever was going on, it must have been bad. Very bad. She bit her lower lip. If she only knew what to do. To hear anything was impossible, except the words of the three intruders. \" Wo Chow!\" whispered two of them – the Chinese. \" Wo who?\" Lady Rayne had to fight laughter and covered her mouth with her hand. The blond guy seemed so... well, stupid. That was the only way she could describe him. Although she had to admit his immature comment had made her a little less nervous. When she looked up again, Wo Chow (she supposed that was the name of the man Rathbone had talked to) was gone. And it was probably time for her to leave too. What she was doing was extremely inappropriate for a lady. Plus someone may have noticed her absence. She didn't even want to think about the mess she'd find herself in if that had happened. She quietly closed the flap and returned to the destroyed library, which was luckily empty. Too bad for the books, it was a pity. But nothing could be done about that. She looked around once more and then returned to the dance hall. It seemed no one had noticed her absence, at least that was a good thing. She didn't feel any happiness, though, only sadness. Because the more she knew, the less she liked it. XXXXX Lady Rayne's plan was simple in theory but when it came to practice – well, that was another story. She planned to find Lin and the other two men and question them about everything they knew. She even had enough money with her to bribe them if necessary. She started looking first thing in the morning. First she had wanted to take a servant to drive a carriage but decided not to do it after all. It was best if her actions remained a secret. So she headed out alone, dressed in a not-too-outstanding but still elegant dress and a matching hat, which was throwing shadows on her face. She had no idea where to search but she figured those people certainly had to sleep somewhere, probably in a pub or a tavern. Surely not in a first-class hotel. So she only had to search the cheaper ones. Still there was a huge problem – she was a lady and had almost no clue where to find them. The only solution was to simply walk around and search even if her legs hurt like hell. She was willing to take the pain. But then, when her legs were actually hurting like hell, she changed her mind. It was already dark and she had looked in most of the pubs. Still nothing. Knowing she should probably give up, lady Rayne walked around the corner and almost bumped into a cart. Her eyes widened. What a coincidence! The people sitting on it were just the ones she had been looking for. The blond guy's eyes stayed on her for a moment and she stared back stubbornly. Then the moment was gone and the carriage drove forward too fast for her to follow. \" Damn it,\" slipped from her lips, words a lady shouldn't use. But then again what she was doing wasn't a lady-thing either. With a sigh she looked around. There was no way she could catch up to the carriage on foot, there had to be another option. Her gaze stopped on a horse tied to a nearby house and then travelled to her dress. Another inappropriate word slipped out of her mouth as she made her way to the nearest house. XXXXX Lady Rayne jumped down from the horse's back. Luckily she had taught how to ride when she was little. Although she hadn't been riding for years she still remembered something. Enough to know she couldn't ride fast enough in a dress, not in a dress as long and especially as tight as hers was. So she had exchanged it for a pair of trousers, a shirt and a hat, which hid her face. The people had been really surprised about her desperate request but no average citizen would refuse such dress. After that she took the horse she had seen. She couldn't have paid for it because she had no idea to whom it belonged, not to talk about time, but she promised herself she'd repay those people once. And so she had followed the two Chinese and the third person to a pub called Puss 'n' boots, a place at the outskirts of the city, which seemed to be a pretty nice place for men. She pulled the hat lower on her face and entered. The place was not a pleasant one in her opinion but it still felt good to sit down after such a long day. \" Well, well, these are not appropriate clothes for a woman, don't you think?\" she suddenly heard from behind her just a moment after having sat down at the bar. \" And these are not appropriate words to flatter a lady,\" she replied without turning around or anyhow trying to see the man behind her. She knew he wasn't one of the two men she needed – she would recognise their voices - so she had absolutely no interest. \" What words would a lady like to hear then? Just so I'll know if I meet one.\" The man laughed at his lame joke and lady Rayne finally decided to turn around. Her gaze pierced right through him, making him twitch. Then a wide smile spread across his face. \" Sorry sweetie, I didn't know you were such a beauty. Will you forgive me?\" Lady Rayne raised an eyebrow. She wasn't used to be treated in such a manner but she was certain she wouldn't have any problems here. \" I have no interest in you,\" she said directly. \" But I have interest in you,\" he replied. \" If you think I'll sleep with you, you are not completely sane.\" \" I'd pay you well.\" \" I don't need money. And like I said before, I have no intentions to sleep with anyone here.\" \" Oh, a married woman? What are you doing here then?\" \" Firstly – I'm not married. Secondly – it is none of your concern. And thirdly – if you can't leave me alone then you could at least help me. I'm looking for a Chinese woman, have you seen her around here?\" she asked. \"And two men – one of them is Chinese, the other one is a Blondie.\" \" Looking for your guy, huh?\" the man smiled a crooked smile. \" Not exactly. I don't know what is it about my love-life that you just can't let it be. Couldn't you just answer me?\" \" And what do I get in return? Some information about your love life, perhaps ... Or even better – a role in it?\" \" Oh forget it!\" she swung her hand through the air. \"I'll find them alone!\" \" Wait, are you looking for them?\" the man said abruptly. Lady Rayne turned around as fast as possible, just in time to see two messy men run out. \" Yes,\" she snapped, jumped to her feet and pushed the man out of her way and hurried behind the ones she was looking for. She didn't come far, though. As soon as she ran around the corner she saw other men surrounding those two along with Lin. They were all Chinese except for one – Lord Rathbone. Boxers – so did Lin call the Chinese. The fight was too short to be called a fight. Boxers won, having clearly outnumbered the trio, and tied them up. They were pushed into one of the two carriages waiting. The entire time lady Rayne had been holding her breath. Hiding in shadows, she had hoped they wouldn't notice her. The moment the carriages drove off she ran back to \"her\" horse. She cursed the stupid guy who had wasted her time in the pub and rode after the carriages. She followed them to a covered pier on the Thames, sneaked inside and hid behind some barrels close enough to hear what they were saying. And what she heard startled her. Suddenly her body felt heavy under the weight of the news and the lack of sleep didn't help her at all. She couldn't believe it. She didn't want to believe it. No. It couldn't be true. No... There was nothing she could do. She could only stay hidden, quiet and completely still, even after Wu Chow and Rathbone had left with Lin, and only boxers, which should drawn the Chinese and that O'Bannon guy (she'd heard his name when Rathbone scorned him), remained. She watched the duo fight and escape, she watched the boxers leave and still sat there. A lot of time had passed before she finally moved. She had seen enough. With small steps she started to make her way back to the palace.[Chapter 2] II. chapter: A role she didn't have Morning came and sunrays gently brushed the facade of the Buckingham palace. They sneaked through the windows, tickling the residents of the place, but couldn't wake a young woman, who was still tangled in sheets. Only when her maid came knocking on the door like all hell broke loose did she open her eyes just the slightest. \" Milady, are you still asleep?\" she heard the maid ask loudly. \"It's already eleven o'clock.\" \" Give me an hour,\" lady Rayne replied, still half asleep. \" As you wish, milady,\" came the answer, followed by a sound of footsteps when the maid left. Lady Rayne turned onto her other side. She was still wearing the clothes she had got a day before and her hair was a terrible mess. But she was tired, too tired to get up. Everything came after her in a moment, realization of her new knowledge, and the burden wasn't easy to carry. She pushed herself into a sitting position with a sigh and rubbed her eyes. She couldn't let anyone see her wearing the clothes she had on, not even servants. Therefore she forced herself to get up, got rid of the clothes, which she hid in the deepest corner of one of her wardrobes in the dressing room, and put on a white silk robe. After that she staggered back to the bed and fell asleep once again. XXXXX Exactly an hour later she was woken up by the same maid, who shook her not really gently. \" Milady,\" the maid called. \"I came to wake you up as you wished.\" \" Thank you, Abby,\" replied lady Rayne, peeking through scattered strands of her auburn hair. \"Prepare me a bath, please,\" she added. \" As you wish. I know I am not in a position to ask, pardon me, please, but I cannot help but to wonder what happened to you, milady. You look...\" \" Horrible?\" \" I wanted to say a bit messy,\" finished Abby. Her real name was Abigail. Even though she was two years younger than her mistress she had been lady Rayne's maid for years, ever since they had been kids, and the latter had been calling her Abby just as long. \" The bath will be ready in 10 minutes,\" the maid announced. \"Do you need any other help? Should I help you with your hair? Order you breakfast?\" \" It's ok,\" lady Rayne shook her head, which caused waves of her long auburn brown hair scatter over her shoulders. \" You will be beautiful tonight,\" Abby smiled. \" Tonight?\" \" The fireworks, milady.\" \" Oh, yes, the fireworks,\" she pretended not to have forgotten. \"But please, Abby, do not address me with milady every single time you speak to me.\" \" It's only appropriate,\" Abby replied from the bathroom where she was preparing the bath. \" It's not necessary,\" sighed lady Rayne. She had had a good lesson about manners and appropriate things yesterday. Suddenly she was starting to wonder what the titles were actually good for, something that had never crossed her mind before. She had never been one of those blinded royalties, who were convinced the world existed for one purpose alone – to serve them, but neither had she been wondering about statuses and similar things a lot. She waited till the bath was ready and sent Abby away. She enjoyed the hot water embracing her body for a moment before drifting into thoughts. Yes, the fireworks for her majesty. It should be enjoyable, sitting at the bank of Thames, watching the show... She actually winced when a dangerous thought crossed her mind. Rathbone's machine gun was at the river. The fireworks would be fired from barges exactly opposite the place, where the royal family would sit. That would be a perfect opportunity; all they had to do was to move the machine gun on a barge. That way they'd have all nine heirs of the throne served on the plate. Everyone would be in the gun's reach, including her if she was to be there, although she wasn't anywhere near the throne. She wasn't even related to the Queen but she still had a connection with the royal family as the granddaughter of Queen Victoria's ex-husband's brother. Most of lady Rayne's family was already dead, the only one alive was her brother but he had left England years ago and she hadn't seen him since then. Not that she cared. Just as she didn't care about the rest of her family. The reason was simple – she had never known them. Her father had died when she had been one and her mother a year later. For some strange reason queen Victoria had shown interest in her at that time and took care of her. Now, with twenty-three, she was a real lady. XXXXX Time went by too fast. Before lady Rayne knew it, two maids were already helping her prepare for the solemnity. While they were doing her hair her thoughts drifted to the past. It wasn't very likely things would ever be the same after this night... \" You're ready, milady,\" a maid's voice pulled her back into reality. She nodded her head but didn't move. Instead she exchanged a look with her own reflexion in the mirror. She was wearing a midnight blue dress, made of quite a big amount of fabric, but made so nicely it didn't look kitschy at all. \" Is something the matter?\" Abby asked. \"You look...weighted by something.\" \" No, everything is fine,\" she replied in a calm voice. With a decisively raised chin she stood up, took hold of the fabric and left her rooms with confident steps. What was a title if one couldn't do anything with it? Despite being a royalty there was nothing she could do. Was she really so powerless? As a lady – yes. As a normal person – maybe not... XXXXX When she saw the queen, followed by lord Rathbone, get out of her carriage her insides twisted. She winced but politely bowed to both of them. On the outside she might have seemed completely calm and relaxed but she was fighting a fierce battle with herself. The flow of royalties made her move towards the place where they were to sit, still her eyes remained on the barges. Suddenly she noticed someone jump off the bridge and land on one of them. That made her move. She rushed back into the carriage, ordered the driver to bring her on the other side of the river and leaned back. She could only hope her decision was the right one. As soon as the carriage stopped she jumped out and ran to the riverbank as fast as she could in the dress. Fabric was getting in her way but there was nothing she could do about it. Lady Rayne wasn't completely sure where to go. Her eyes stopped on the nearest barge, the one which was really close to the bank, connected to a pier with a wooden board. She saw a man come out of the lower deck and leave the barge – Wu Chow. When she was just about to follow him something inside her made her stop and instead she hurried over the board and onto the deck. When she peeked into the lower deck she knew her decision was the right one. Lin was kneeling on the floor, tied and gagged, and a boxer was standing behind her with a sword on her neck. Lady Rayne's eyes shoot to a pulley nearby. She swung it as hard as she could and the pulley hit the surprised boxer directly in the head, knocking him out. Lady Rayne hurried to Lin, who was looking at her with surprise. She untied her wrists and helped her on her feet. \" Please, don't let the massacre happen,\" she whispered feverishly. Lin nodded, looked at her rescuer once more and ran off. Lady Rayne sighed. Now she thought she had probably decided wrong. But when she thought about it again she knew she had done what she had thought was the best. True - she couldn't do much but maybe there was something that she could do, she just had to discover what. So she started to look around. She found Lin and the other Chinese, who were fighting Wu Chow, and saw Lin send him in the air with a fireworks-rocket. Relief washed through her. They had survived and Wu Chow was dead. Still something was bothering her, the blond O'Bannon guy was nowhere to be seen. Lady Rayne bit her lip. She was powerless at the end, others had done all the work. Almost disappointed she returned to the carriage and to the lodge for the royalties. It was a total mess but no one seemed to be hurt. Everybody was still there, safe and sound. Well, almost. Her eyes shoot through the crowd and noticed lord Rathbone was nowhere to be seen. \" Lady Rayne, are you hurt?\" she heard a voice behind her. \" No,\" she answered. \"And you, Edwin?\" She knew the guy beside her so she smiled slightly. Apparently no one had noticed her absence but she still had to pretend she had been there. The game was on. XXXXX Lady Rayne was standing in the last row. Queen Victoria has just knighted Chon Wang, Roy O'Bannon and Arthur Conan Doyle. The young lady sighed. Even the House of Lords hadn't heard the whole truth but rather just the simplest facts that were needed to make the matter more or less (and probably it was less) clear. They were asked to keep these facts a secret though. Lady Rayne had gone to see the place in the yard where he was supposed to have fallen down but there was nothing to see. She heard that quite some glass, wood and metal had also fallen down. The body found amid it all had been unrecognisable, said her source, only pieces of the uniform could be made out. After the little solemnity she stayed outside for a couple of moments, watching Chon, Roy and Lin say goodbye to Artie. When Lin took Roy's hand to let him help her get on the carriage, lady Rayne clenched her fists. These strangers were strong. They could protect people they cared for. And she couldn't. Her decision fell in that very moment. She would never be powerless again.[Chapter 3] III. chapter: Confounding encounters About a year later... Streets of London were crowded with so many people hurrying who knows where with hasty steps. No one paid attention to the others, not even to the three people, who were obviously strangers. Especially two of them stood out – they were Chinese, a beautiful woman and her brother. The third one was a blond guy, who kept looking around nonchalantly. \"Everything here seems to be the same it used to be,\" commented Roy and glanced around once more. \"Only our purpose is different,\" Lin reminded him. \"It's just a visit this time, nothing more.\" \"You're right. I wonder how our friend Artie is doing. I hope he's still a fan of Roy O'Bannon novels.\" \"These are lies, Roy,\" Chon rolled his eyes. \"Who cares, people like to read it! That reminds me, we must ask Artie how his book is progressing... Hey!\" Roy yelled with annoyance as he ran into a back of a man standing in front of him. \"Watch where you're standing!\" \"Watch where you're going,\" the man turned around and glared at him. \"Or are you asking for a fight, tourist ?\" \"You spit it out like it's a bad thing,\" Roy replied in what's-the-matter voice. \"I just came to see an old friend, ok now? Take it easy, pal.\" \"I'll show you easy,\" the man grumbled, cracking with his knuckles. \"Just leave it, Roy,\" sighed Chon while Lin rolled her eyes. She loved Roy very much but sometimes he was still driving her crazy with that attitude of his. She exchanged a look with her brother and when she turned back Roy was already fighting. No matter how many adventures he had behind him he was a lousy fighter. The Chon siblings sighed in union before Wang interfered with the fight. However, a street fight was obviously seen as an attraction for in less than a minute they were already surrounded with a bunch of people and some of them seemed really eager to join in. Minutes later a general fight erupted and it didn't last long before whistling of Scotland Yard policemen cut the air. \"Great,\" remarked Lin and punched a random guy into his face. \"We just came and they'll lock us into jail.\" Stamping of horse's hoofs caught her attention. She turned around just in time to dodge the animal, which was harnessed to a cart. \"Come on, jump in,\" the driver, probably a boy judging by his figure, leaned down towards her. \"Hurry!\" Lin didn't think twice. With a single jump she was on the cart and hastily waved Chon and Roy to join her. Ten seconds later the driver spurred the horse and they escaped the crowd. Lin kept looking back for another moment, then turned forward to place her eyes on the driver's back. He was wearing a hat, which was throwing shadows on the back of his neck, and a worn-out brown coat. But something about his figure was really odd... \"Who are you?\" she asked. \"You're a woman, right? Out with the truth.\" \"A woman?\" both men asked in union but remained ignored. \"Do not speak to me in such a tone,\" the driver replied to Lin's statement. \"Yes, I'm a woman, so what? Although I must say – very well noticed, Lin.\" The latter raised an eyebrow. \"You know me?\" \"Of course I know you,\" replied the woman. She still hadn't turn around. \"It's not so hard to remember you. But it is, perhaps, nice to see you again.\" \"Again? Have we met before?\" Lin asked and Chon added: \"Do we know you?\" \"We've met before,\" she stopped the horse with a short pull of the rein and finally turned to face them. \"Don't you remember me? It's surprising how people forget some things so fast while they can never let other things be, don't you think?\" Lin frowned. The woman's face looked familiar to her but she couldn't put her in place. Then she met her caramel eyes and it hit her. The gaze was so familiar, all kinds of emotions mixed in those glistering orbs yet impossible to read. When Lin had met that woman for the first time she'd been completely different. Still she recognised her features under the dirt and a scratch on her right cheek. \"I do remember you,\" she said. \"You saved me back then!\" \"I did,\" replied the woman simply as if she were talking about the weather or something similarly common. \"So what have you lost in London?\" \"We came to visit Artie,\" answered Roy. \" Sir Doyle, you mean?\" the woman almost spitted his title. \"Did you know he works for the Queen now?\" \"Can you take us to him?\" asked Chon. \"Please?\" \"I must say I'm not overwhelming with happiness over that idea but I suppose I could do it anyway,\" she shrugged. \"Let it be. Under one condition – we'll stop on the way. I need to do something.\" The trio nodded in synchronisation and she spurred the animal again. They stopped in front of one among the many houses in London. It didn't look special in any way and none of the foreigners knew why they had to stop there, but that was the woman's condition and they didn't try to oppose it. Their stop was short. The woman disappeared in a house and returned after about fifteen minutes. When she returned she was completely changed. Her face was clean now, her auburn hair tied up. Her clothes were no longer man-like and dirty but rather beautiful and elegant. She was wearing a dark scarlet dress under a snow white coat. \"You drive from now on,\" she ordered Chon. He nodded immediately. Not only did she look different, her presence seemed different. There was something radiating from her, something that made it clear she was above them. \"Would you be so kind as to tell us your name?\" Lin asked when the woman was sitting in the cart again. \"You wouldn't have any use of my name,\" the latter replied, shaking her head slightly. \"It is not important.\" \"I'd like to know it anyway,\" said the Chinese but only silence answered her. XXXXX When the cart stopped at the front gate to the palace two guards approached immediately. The woman leaned towards them and they exchanged some words others couldn't hear. However, as she straightened, the men stepped aside and let them enter. The woman led the trio into the palace, through many corridors and over many stairways. She seemed to be perfectly sure about where she was leading them and it was also clear she belonged in the palace. People they met nodded to her respectfully and she returned them the gesture, though never stopping for even a moment. Finally they reached a guarded double-winged door and stopped for a few seconds. The woman spoke to the guards, again in such a quiet voice she couldn't be heard by the visitors, and then they were let inside. The room they entered was a study. One could tell at the first glance it belonged to a reach person. And it did indeed. Behind a desk made of dark wood and decorated with delicate gold ornaments sat the queen. \"Your majesty,\" the woman bowed respectfully. \"I sincerely apologize for the distraction.\" Queen Victoria was quiet for a moment. She was eyeing the newcomers for a short while. Then she rose from her seat and approached the woman with a small smile. \"Giselle,\" she said with outstanding happiness and relief in her voice. \"I am really glad to see you again!\" \"Please, your majesty, this is not appropriate,\" she said but the queen cut her, \"Nonsense, my dear. You were away for so long, we were all worried. No one even knew whether you were alive. Where have you been?\" Giselle straightened herself and took a deep breath. Her voice was reserved and a bit flat as she answered, \"There were things I had to do. I apologize for leaving in such a way.\" \"Don't bother with that now, my dear. I see you've brought someone with you. Our heroes from last year, if I remember correctly.\" \"Yes, your majesty. Sir Wang, Sir O'Bannon and Lady Lin. They came to visit Sir Doyle.\" When Giselle spoke her voice was very polite but there was something odd about it. It was senseless, empty. It showed no feelings at all. \"Of course,\" the queen nodded, turning to them. \"You are welcome to stay; our country will always welcome you with open hands. You will get rooms to stay in immediately, but I'm afraid you will have to wait a little to see Sir Doyle, if I am informed correctly he is currently busy.\" They all murmured a polite 'thank you'. \"Excellent,\" the queen continued. \"Giselle, I would like to ask you a favour. Since you have already met out heroes would you be so kind as to take care for them while they will be staying here?\" The woman's cheeks turned slightly reddish. \"Your majesty, we have servants to do such work!\" \"I am not expecting you to do a servants work, I'd rather have it you would see yourself as a host. Our servants will be very busy since we are expecting a very important visit in a few days.\" Giselle pushed her real opinion aside and forced a smile on her face. \"I will do my best, your majesty,\" she bowed her head. \"It will be my honour.\" Her fake smile faded. If she wanted she could have kept it on her face all day long, she'd learnt how to wear it. She'd had to if she wanted to return to her previous life. It was a lifesaver in situations like this. She really didn't want to be a host or a guide for those people. She didn't want to be anything for them. But she had no choice. It was the queen's word against hers. \"Excellent,\" Queen Victoria nodded. \"You may leave now.\" Giselle bowed respectfully and made a couple of steps backwards before she turned around and led the trio out of the study. \"So...you're Giselle,\" Roy remarked. \"A nice name for a nice lady.\" \"No, Mister O'Bannon,\" she abruptly came to a stop, her voice being a half-hiss. \"It's lady Rayne for you. And do not try to flatter me.\" \"Hey, I was just trying to be nice,\" Roy defended himself. \"Which you were not.\" Giselle closed her eyes for a second while taking a deep breath. Why'd she had to pick them up? Why? When she opened her eyes a fake smile appeared on her face. \"I apologize if my rudeness has anyhow offended you. But I think it's better to make it clear now – I am not interested in friendly chats with you and I don't have any intentions to do so either.\" That being said, she turned on her heels without another word and continued to lead them down the corridor. Her heart was pounding wildly. Memories she had been trying so hard to push aside came alive again and it felt like things had happened only yesterday. It hurt. Badly.[Chapter 4] IV. chapter: Moonlit conversation Heavy silence was hanging over them. Giselle took a breath to cut the tension pressing at her heart when words of delight rang through the hallway. \"Milady, milady, you're back!\" someone called from behind. Four heads turned simultaneously. A woman hurried towards them, clearly a maid, with a smile of relief on her face. \"Abby!\" Giselle had to smile. It was the first sincere smile she'd shown since she'd gotten back to the palace. True, Abby was her maid, but she was also someone she'd call a friend. \"Milady, I'm so glad you have returned,\" the maid bowed. \"I was afraid you'll never come back again. You scared me so much, milady. And her majesty, too, it was hard for her to lose two of her...\" \"That's quite enough, Abby,\" Giselle cut her. \"Behave yourself, we have guests.\" Abby shut up abruptly. It wasn't like her lady to cut her like that but she'd been right – she'd had to stop her from completing that sentence. They had guests and what she'd almost said had nothing to do with those guests. \"I apologize,\" she said, bowing to the foreigners respectfully. \"Please show our guests to their rooms and make sure they're comfortable,\" Giselle ordered. \"Return to me after that, I'll be in my rooms.\" \"As you wish, milady.\" She turned to the trio. \"Please, follow me, gentlemen.\" Proud to be the one who'd gotten the honour to take care of these people, she started to lead the way. They were heroes in her eyes, heroes who had saved the queen and the country, and she wondered why lady Rayne seemed to dislike them. \"Your room, sir,\" she said to Chon and opened the door to one of the many guestrooms for him. Roy got a room next door and Lin one a bit further away. \"It is a real honour to have you here, lady,\" she bowed to Lin. The Chinese examined her from head to toe before she spoke, \"Are you lady Rayne's maid?\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" \"I dare to guess your mistress is not the nicest person ever. She seems quite snobbish.\" \"You must have gotten the wrong impression,\" Abby quickly defended Giselle. \"Milady is a very nice and kind-hearted person. I'm truly happy she has returned.\" \"Ah, yes, returned. Was she away?\" \"Milady was gone for about a year. That is all I know. Now, please excuse me. I will send you another maid. If there is anything you need, please inform us.\" XXXXX When Abby led the guests away Giselle went directly to her rooms. Sitting down on the bed, she sighed. A feeling of nostalgia had been pervading her since she'd gotten here. Everything was so well-known, so familiar, yet the time she'd been living here seemed so distant, almost like a decade passed not only a year. It felt weird. It was confusing. It was painful. The weight of her memories was pressing down on her and for a moment she let them flow. Her heartbeat fastened. She felt pain in her chest again, a terrible hole she'd been desperately trying to fill by keeping herself occupied with other things. But right now there was not a single thing to divert her restless mind. He'd never stepped into these rooms. He'd never been here. But he'd walked those hallways, he'd danced across the same dance floors she had, he'd been there. In that very palace. She lay down with another sight. Whom had she been trying to fool, convincing herself she'd moved on? As if. XXXXX The night was dark. Stars were hidden behind thick clouds, only a feeble shine of the moon could be seen every now and then. It would be a lie to say everything was silent, for the palace never really slept. There were always eyes and ears wide open. The hallways weren't empty either. Abby was one of those who walked the halls. It was already over midnight and she was planning to go to sleep but wanted to quickly check on lady Rayne first. She knocked, waited for a moment, and then entered as she got no answer. Giselle was in her bedroom. Still Abby stopped with slight surprise. The former was not in her bed; she was sitting on the windowsill with her legs pulled up to her chest and her locks falling freely on her back. She was turned towards the outside so Abby couldn't see her face. \"Milady,\" she said, \"I think you should be sleeping.\" \"Shouldn't you be, too?\" Giselle replied in a thoughtful voice. \"And I told you not to call me 'milady' every single time you speak to me. Not when we're alone.\" \"But it is only appropriate. I can't possibly call you by your name! How should I address you then?\" \"I've been called many names.\" She paused for a second. \"Not that I cared.\" Abby nodded, more to herself than to her lady since she was turned away anyway. \"May I ask,\" she started after a brief silence, \"where have you been?\" \"Everywhere.\" Her voice seemed lost. \"I missed you, Abby.\" \"I'm afraid I don't understand. Of course, it's not my place to ask...\" \"Oh, Abby, please. Don't start with the social statuses again.\" \"Pardon?\" \"What do they mean anyway? Yes, you get treated in a better way, perhaps others show you respect... But at the end these are just words. We're all people, no title can change that. We're born, we live just like everyone else. We love the same, we suffer. And at the end ... we die.\" Giselle slowly turned to look across her shoulder, her eyes glistering with tears. \"Positions are a lie. A sweet, misleading lie.\" \"Milady... I-I mean Miss Rayne,\" Abby stuttered, not knowing what to say. What she'd just heard surprised her a lot. Giselle surprised her. She had never seemed so fragile before. \"Why would you say that?\" \"Because it's true. Titles bring power. And the lure of power ... changes things. People.\" \"What happened to you?\" Abby stepped forward. \"Has someone hurt you? How can I...?\" \"It is fine,\" Giselle cut her with a sad, small smile. \"But you're crying!\" \"I know. I'm sorry.\" \"Please, don't apologize, milady.\" \"Abby...\" she sighed. \"I really meant what I said. Please drop that 'milady'. I don't want to be treated as if I am so much better. It makes me feel...\" \"Yes, m – Miss Rayne?\" \"It somehow makes me feel alone...\" Abby took a deep breath. Something was bothering her mistress and she was decisive to find out what because she really wanted to help her. \"May I ask what's wrong? Can I help?\" \"No,\" Giselle shook her head, \"you can't. But you don't need to worry.\" Another brief silence followed. Giselle brushed tears off her cheeks and shifted a little before she spoke again. \"It feels so unreal being here again. Everything is still the way it was before. There should be no difference for me. Yet it does feel different, so different. It seems so far away ... the time I spent here. Although not even a whole year has passed ...\" her voice faded again as if she got lost in her own thoughts. \"Abby, would you answer me a question?\" \"Of course,\" she nodded. \"Have you ever thought of trying things you were not supposed to do?\" \"Well, once I've wanted to tell lady Bats what I truly think of her really, really badly. Is that the kind of thing you have in mind?\" Giselle nodded. \"Something like that. You know... I've done things a lady isn't supposed to do.\" \"Milady!\" Abby gasped for air. \"Why would you do such a thing? You have enough money, you needn't do that!\" \"It's not what you think,\" Giselle replied quickly, noticing the relief on her maid's face. \"But riding a horse like a man or fighting aren't exactly things a lady would ever know. Not to talk about fencing. But the point is – what I've basically done – I've learnt to protect myself. And those I care about.\" \"Oh, you've really done all that?\" \"Yes. The year I was gone.\" \"But why, milady?\" \"Because I don't want to be a helpless little girl standing by side when others determine future. It doesn't really matter, though. I do not wish to speak about that. I experienced life outside the palace. I learnt a lot. And I hope I can trust that you won't talk about that to anyone.\" \"I promise,\" Abby pressed a hand over her heart. \"I'll keep your secret. Were you thinking about that? Is that why you weren't sleeping?\" \"I couldn't sleep,\" answered Giselle. She'd stopped crying but her eyes still felt a bit sore. \"Let's talk a little more.\" She managed to smile. \"If you wish, milady. Oh, I'm sorry.\" \"It's ok, go on.\" \"Well... May I ask if you, by any chance, know, why Lady Lin could have said you were snobbish?\" Giselle's answer surprised her. \"Because I acted as such.\" \"But you are a really kind person.\" \"Even I have my moments. Besides, I don't really know how to act around them. I know the manners and all but they–\" She stopped abruptly. \"No, forget that. I think I'll try to fall asleep now.\" \"It would be good, yes. I will leave you then.\" Abby started walking towards the door when another Giselle's question took her by surprise. \"Abby... Has anyone ever broken your heart?\" \"No, milady. Why do you ask? Did somebody break your heart?\" \"No... Not really. I was just wondering how long it takes for a heart to heal...\" Not knowing how she should reply to this, Abby nodded and left quietly. She closed the door behind her and stopped in front of it. She didn't like seeing Lady Rayne so sad. It seemed she was heartbroken. So there had to be a guy who had made her like that. Abby pressed her lips together. It was her job to make Giselle's life easier. And so she decided she would find out more and help Giselle smile genuinely again.[Chapter 5] V. chapter: Heart Lin was thoughtfully watching her own reflexion in a mirror. She'd just put on a new light blue dress. It was pretty simple but way nobler that the clothes she usually wore. Hell, she didn't even wear dresses most of the time! All that luxury was something she wasn't quiet used to. And she liked the Chinese-style dresses better. But she was on the British court and she had to adapt to this way of living. She was in the middle of making her hair (no matter how British her dress was she refused to wear her hair in those stupid curls some ladies wore) when a knock on the door interrupted the flow of her thoughts. Not paying any attention to it she continued to arrange her hair. It was probably just another maid who came to ask if she needed something … \"Good morning,\" greeted the newcomer and Lin finally turned around. The voice didn't belong to a maid. It belonged to Lady Rayne. \"Good morning,\" the Chinese replied. She decided to wait for the other to speak rather than try to start a conversation. After all she had no way of knowing what had brought the lady here. \"I hope you slept well,\" Giselle said politely. \"Indeed, thank you. And you, lady Rayne?\" The latter pretended to had overheard the question and skipped to the point. \"I must apology for yesterday's behaviour. I did not mean to be rude.\" \"It's okay.\" Lin was a bit surprised yet pleased with the apology. Perhaps she'd really gotten the wrong opinion about the auburn-haired woman. \"I understand that you don't want to play a servant for us.\" \"That was never demanded from me,\" stated Giselle. \"But I understand her majesty has a lot of work to do and so do others. But my job is simply to assure you a pleasant time here, nothing more. Now, let us find your friends – I have news for you three.\" XXXXX \"You're kidding?\" Roy blurted. \"Whatever you say, Mr. O'Bannon.\" \"But you are kidding, right?\" he asked, this time already quite unsure. \"There is no way that old Chinese would move his ass and …\" \"Roy!\" the Chon-siblings barked simultaneously. \"Pardon, the Emperor,\" he waved his hand. \"I just really can't see why he'd come here.\" Giselle, seated in an armchair, subconsciously twisted the folds of her dress a little. She didn't particularly like the blond, he was thinking too highly of himself. Someone should tell him that … \"Why, because of you,\" she said, making him blink stupidly. She rolled her eyes mentally but maintained her composure. \"He's coming to show his gratitude. After all, England returned the seal to him. After you beat that Chinese. So you see, it is because of you.\" \"When you put it like that … We're great, aren't we, Giselle?\" Roy laughed and Giselle felt a strong urge to slap him. \"It's Lady Rayne,\" she corrected dryly. In the back of her mind she noticed Lin's eyes hadn't left her since the moment she'd entered the room, but when she met her gaze Lin quickly looked away. Only for a few seconds, though. When Giselle's attention was once again on Roy her dark eyes came to rest on her face. She didn't know what to think of her. She'd done nothing so far to appear less snobbish in her eyes yet Lin had to believe Lady Rayne's maid's words. There was something about that woman, something unusual, almost odd. Something that didn't belong there. Lin was quite sure there was a busy mind – or so she guessed – behind the façade the lady was wearing, and she wondered whether she could get a glimpse behind it. \"You need not to worry about your visit; it will remain perfectly undisturbed,\" Giselle went on, wishing to deliver the news as fast as possible so she could leave. \"Now, certainly you wish to finally see your friend. Please, follow me.\" She rose in an elegant manner, took a hold of the folds of her dress and walked out of the room with her head held high. Before she even reached the first turn of the hallway Lin was at her side. \"Excuse me,\" the latter said. \"I heard you were gone for a year or so. A journey perhaps?\" \"One could say so,\" was Giselle's abrupt reply. Lin raised an eyebrow. \"Your maid …\" \"Abigail,\" Giselle cut her. \"That's her name.\" \"Oh. Well, she mentioned she'd been worried,\" Lin tried to get more out of her interlocutor. However, \"It happened I left suddenly,\" was the only reply she got. Lin took the hint and joined her brother and Roy rather than to push the subject any further. Giselle stopped in front of a certain door, beckoning them to enter. Taking a breath, she turned to leave. Instead she was disturbed by a footman, who seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. \"Lady Rayne?\" he asked to make sure of her identity. \"Yes?\" He bowed deeply. \"Her majesty wishes to see you, milady.\" He only reaction was a mere nod. XXXXX A few minutes later Giselle found herself standing in front of the skilfully ornate door to the queen's study. She had a pretty good idea what the queen could wish to see her for. It didn't make her feel any better though. Quite the opposite. A footman announced her as she entered, then politely left with a bow, letting the two women have their privacy according to the queen's order. \"You wished to see me, your majesty,\" the younger one bowed. \"Yes,\" Victoria said. She was sitting at her desk, bowing over some papers, but she straightened up and looked at the visitor. \"I wish to talk to you about some matters. Last time we had too many listeners, I'm quite sure we agree on that.\" Giselle only nodded in silence, awaiting further words. \"Hopefully I didn't disturb you,\" the Queen said. \"No, your majesty, of course not.\" \"Please, Giselle, we might as well drop the formality a little. I used to be like a mother to you and still see you as my daughter.\" \"I understand, your majesty, but with all the respect, you don't need to look after me anymore.\" \"No …\" Victoria replied thoughtfully. \"Of course not … You are a fine lady now, capable of living on your own. But you misunderstand. I have my own children, but they, sadly, don't want to listen to me as much as it would be good for them. You, on the other hand, are still close to me. It's very lonely on the throne. For a person of my position trusted people are truly rare. You are one of them. Nelson was another …\" Her voice faded. Apparently the memory of her ex-cousin was still painful. Giselle understood easily and quickly changed the topic. \"What did you wish to talk about with me?\" \"I only wanted to express my happiness about your return. I was worried, very much so. Nobody knew what happened to you or where you were. I was afraid you might be dead or maybe you …\" Once again her unfinished sentence lingered in the air. \"I deeply apologize for my absence, your majesty,\" Giselle said in a clear voice. \"I do not wish to speak about it, if possible, but I can assure you I did nothing illegal.\" The relief on the Queen's face was easy enough to notice, even if the latter didn't want it to be so. \"I've never accused you of doing so,\" she said, trying not to reveal too much of her emotions as it would be seen as inappropriate for her position. \"But you had to know,\" stated Giselle slowly. She didn't wish to say these lines but they needed to be said, she knew. So she took a breath and went on. \"You had to know because of the last year's events … Because of Lord … Rathbone …\" It was her voice that broke this time. She'd never thought it would be so hard to say his name, the name of the man she still loved. \"You're right,\" the Queen smiled weakly. \"Well, you could always read people so easily … Yes, it's a pity that happened. Nelson was a fine man, I don't know why he … Nobody knows why …\" Giselle wished she could say something but the words got lost on the way through her throat. She gave every effort to keep the mask of calmness on her face, when in reality she wished to run away from the current conversation in tears. Luckily enough the Queen thought it best to change the subject, too. \"Let's not dwell upon the past, shall we,\" she said. \"It is the present that matters. For example, I heard Lord Dixon was quite happy when the news of your return reached his ears.\" Edwin … Edwin Dixon. He was one of Giselle's suitors, and a quite insistent one. There had been others, too, but Giselle doubted they would still bother with her after her absence. They'd probably found another lady to court already. Edwin was a different story, though. Strange as it might have been, he was her childhood friend and Giselle liked his company as long as he didn't try to seduce her. Or at least flatter her. Sadly, that happened very often. Sometimes Giselle felt guilty because of the way she was continually turning him down. He was a nice man and would surely make a fine husband, but she couldn't force herself to marry him when in reality her heart belonged to another. \"Have you considered marring?\" the Queen went on. \"You are twenty-four already, if I am not mistaken, and there are luckily still men interested in you. Lord Dixon is one of them, isn't he?\" \"He is, your majesty,\" Giselle managed to nod. She felt nausea at the mere thought of marring. She certainly did not expect this topic to be brought up and she barely restrained herself from screaming a loud \"No!\" No way was she getting married to him! \"I know with your status you are perfectly capable of living on your own, but there are rumours he is planning to propose to you.\" Giselle swallowed. She felt like there was a tornado inside of her heart. \"Is everything alright, Giselle?\" \"Yes. Everything is well,\" she forced a smile and added, \"your majesty.\" \"I'm glad to hear it. You may go now. And, Giselle, no matter what your answer will be, I'm sure you'll make the right decision.\" \"Thank you, your majesty,\" she bowed, then turned on her heels and left. As soon as she was out of the cabinet she rushed down the corridor as if there was fire behind her heels. Her heart was raging and she had to fight for control over her breathing. How could she have ever believed she'd moved on? She turned right, went down a staircase and over a hall, and was just about to go left when a masculine voice reached her. \"Giselle!\" She stopped like struck by lightning and turned around slowly. Of all the people it had to be Edwin who'd seen her. He was approaching with long steps and a bright smile on his face. His light brown hair was neatly combed as always and his eyes of the same brown colour were shining. \"Edwin!\" she exclaimed. If this was about to go on, she'd wear a fake smile all the time. Maybe she'd even believe it in the end … \"It's such a relief to see you again. You don't know how delighted I am!\" Apparently not enough that you would find me as soon as I came , she thought. What she said aloud, \"I'm pleased to see you're well.\" \"You are even more stunning as I remember you to be, my lady,\" he bowed to kiss her hand gently. \"Thank you.\" Another smile. \"I was afraid a man took you away from me,\" Edwin went on in an easy manner. \"What a horrible thought! But you're here again … I'm sure you missed me too much to stay away any longer.\" \"Don't overdo it, Edwin,\" she only rolled her eyes at the sight of his charming smile. \"Still not interested in men, Giselle?\" \"Since when is that your business?\" \"Since I've began wishing you'd be interested in me,\" he smirked. \"It would be horrible if such a beautiful lady were to stay single forever.\" \"I'm not that beautiful,\" she murmured indecisively, wishing this conversation would already be over. \"Why of course you are, my dear. We should really do something about your way of thinking, what do you say, sweetheart?\" He pulled her into his embrace. That did it. Without a moment of hesitation she broke free, pushing him away. \"I am not your sweetheart!\" she spat. \"And you are not to touch me in this manner! Can't you ever stop courting me? I don't want it! I want a friend, not this sugary flattering! I don't want to marry you! Leave me alone!\" Without waiting for a reply, she showed her back to him and stormed away. She knew she'd hurt him but didn't care. Her own pain was already more than she could handle.[Chapter 6] VI. chapter: The power of recollections Abby barely had time to breathe during the day. The emperor Keung Hsu was coming in two days and the servants had their hands full. For the time being she was the only maid left to Lady Rayne but even so she was needed elsewhere from time to time. When she was free to return to her mistress it was already dark outside. An unpleasant surprise was waiting for her. The first thing she noticed were two trays on the table in the study – trays with lunch and dinner – and both were untouched. A bad feeling built up in her stomach and she made a few steps to the bedroom door. \"Milady?\" she asked, knocking on the wooden surface. No answer. She knocked louder but once again there was only silence. \"Milady, why don't you answer?\" Hesitantly she pushed the doorknob down and opened the door. Immediately her hand came up to cover her mouth. She barely recognised the room she'd entered, it was so messy. The chest of drawer was opened, the bed undone, clothes scattered around. A broken vase was lying on the floor, the flowers trampled, a candlestick nearby. Pillows had probably been thrown at the walls, considering their current position. She stepped over an opened book with bent pages with a slight shake of her head and picked up some of the flowers. She couldn't believe her own eyes. Giselle liked flowers very much, she wouldn't just leave them on the floor. Or would she? For a moment a seizure of fear overcame Abby. What if Giselle had been taken away against her will? What if something had happened to her? Then she recognised one of the dresses lying around as the one Lady Rayne had been wearing earlier that day and gave a small sigh of relief. It didn't seem very likely for a possible kidnapper to force someone to change. She must have left on her own. But that also meant the mess was her fault and Abby could hardly imagine why Giselle would do something like that. She'd always known how to control her tantrums rather well. Such havoc was a new thing to see. Finally Abby's mind started to function properly again and she rushed out of the room. Something was definitely wrong and it couldn't hurt to find her mistress. Just to make sure she was okay. XXXXX A trotting of a horse's hooves echoed through the silent, moonless night. The rider was dressed in black, his head hidden under a hood, his cape fluttering behind. He seemed to be but one with the night. No one noticed him approach the stables although there were many guards out there. The rider dismounted, petted the horse with affection and led it inside. Once hidden from the eyes of the outer world, he pushed his hood down with a single gesture. The fabric slid down swiftly, revealing the face of the person. A woman. Her auburn hair was tied up in a bun on the top of her head, her features soft but clear and her eyes lost. She led the horse into a stall and silently walked away. XXXXX Abby spent almost two hours running around the palace in vain search for Lady Rayne. At last she returned to her rooms, despaired, thinking that if she couldn't find Giselle, she could at least clean up the mess in the latter's room. But when she tried to enter she found the door locked. Worried and curious, she pressed an ear against the wooden surface in hopes of getting any kind of clue what was going on behind the door. She could hear a barely audible whisper if she listened really hard, words she couldn't make out, spoken in a steady rhythm. Praying. Giselle must have been praying. \"Milady?\" she knocked. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm alive, I'm okay, leave me alone,\" came the answer immediately. \"Are you sure?\" \"I said leave me alone!\" Her voice sounded broken and almost feverish. However, Abby obeyed without another word. When she came across the study she heard a loud sob come out of the bedroom. Giselle was crying so hard her whole body was shaking with sobs. She was lying on a side, curled in a ball, pressing her face into a pillow. She shouldn't have returned yet. She should never have returned at all. It felt like her heart was breaking anew and it hurt like hell. She'd never thought it could get that bad again. That she'd miss him so much … Memories washed over her... Nelson Rathbone. When she was little she didn't care much for the dark-haired boy. She'd known him by name since forever, though, because for one reason or another the Queen had taken a liking to him, too. He was six years older than Giselle, always wearing his head held high, just as his hair was always somewhat messy, too. She remembered how, when she was at the verge of her teens, she would come to her substitute mother, and found him talking to her from time to time. Sometimes she would sit and listen quietly, but she couldn't remember what they'd talked about anymore. She was twelve when he left as a foreign diplomat for the first time. She cared little about it. At the time she was living her life perfectly fine without him. Years passed, and when she finally got to lay her eyes on him again she was already nineteen. They met on a ball, and that evening was still clearly written in her memory. She was quite sure she would remember it until she died. It was an early autumn evening. She just wished to take a short break from all the dancing and headed for the stairs to get out of the ballroom. He was coming down the stairs, and when her eyes landed upon him and he just happened to look at her at the same time, it seemed to her as if she'd seen him for the first time. As if she was watching with different eyes. His messy, dark hair, his charming, cocky smile, the way he moved, the way he talked … Soon she couldn't take her eyes off him anymore. Attributing it all to her surprise about how he looked now, when he was a grown-up man, she didn't think much of it. He would leave for a mission again, and she would return to her life … It turned out that was not the case. She'd fallen for him. Hard. The more she waited for her affection to fade, the more time she ended up spending thinking about him. She started listening to conversations she thought could contain information about his return. She waited. And he came back, causing her to rack her brain about the outfits she would wear just in case she ran into him somewhere in the palace. A charming smile or two, flattering words for the sake of politeness, a few dances, and he was off again. He visited the palace twice in the next year. When he left for China Giselle was perfectly aware that she loved that man with all she had, and she was slowly making up her mind that when he returned she would have to make it become clear where she stood. His position was higher than hers, of course, but it still ought to be enough, and being adopted by the queen herself could count for something, too. Unfortunately things didn't go as she'd planned. Lord Rathbone returned, but with him came sinister whispers. As he was the desire of her heart she'd found her ways to get information, so that she could keep an eye on him. Not in a stalker-like way; she simply wised to know whether he'd come to dances or not or when he'd leave again. News about a Chinawoman's attack directed at him reached her ears soon. With some more asking, listening and also a bit of bribery she got a better picture of the whole affair, a picture she disliked very much. But what really hurt was to see her fears come true. Until she had nothing but suspicions she could bear it. When Lin, Chon and Roy appeared at the scene she got all the proof she needed. Still, it was hard to believe. She'd always been able to read people well. She'd got to talk with Rathbone some times before. And he'd never seemed like one who would knock out a bunch of royalties. He was a man capable of somewhat daring ideas, so much she knew, but that didn't seem like a way he would choose. Denial couldn't help her, that was clear. Knowing she couldn't do much wasn't helpful either, but she was determined to fight. For the country's sake. For Victoria's sake. For his sake. For his sake above all. She didn't want him to become a murderer. Somewhere deep in her heart she was sure he'd regret it. It was just that he wasn't destined to see that day … It tore Giselle's heart apart when she heard he'd died. She knew she shouldn't love him, for he was a murderer and a traitor, but she had no power over her own foolish heart. And she had to leave. She had to leave because she knew she wouldn't be able to live on as if nothing had happened. Sooner or later she would do something that would betray her, and she didn't want to sit and wait until it happened. So she went to learn how to fight and stand on her own two feet, she went to learn how to protect herself and those she cared for. Perhaps, if she'd been stronger before … If she could have stopped him … Then perhaps he wouldn't have died … Giselle brushed the tears away with the back of her hand. She had to get a grip. Rathbone was not coming back from the dead, and she shouldn't dwell on the past too much. She really should move on. But that was easier said than done. Physical training had been keeping her together the past year, offering distraction she needed badly. It had been hard at first, but her body grew used to it. When physical pain won over the psychical she was more than willing to bear it. After a bit more than ten months she decided to return home. She felt skilled and strong enough. She felt ready. But there were things she couldn't foresee. Like the arrival of those people. Spending time in the palace didn't help either. Perhaps she should return to her own house, a big house, almost a mansion, she had in the suburbs of the city. Maybe then she wouldn't be thinking about him so much. Perhaps she'd even find a distraction, and she could go on late rides without fearing someone would notice her. The last thing she needed was the Queen's mention of a marriage. And then Edwind's stupid, annoying flattering. She was an emotional mess right now, there was no way she could marry someone in her current state. Not only it would permanently destroy her heart, it wouldn't be fair to the husband either. Her shoulders shook again. Really, why did people talk about 'heartbreak' when it really felt like her whole body was falling apart? There was no end to her tears. XXXXX In the early morning the dawn revealed a clear and sunny, but quite a chilly day. Most people were still sleeping, only those robbed of the privilege because of their jobs were already up. Two guards, striding around The Houses of Parliament in the usual manner, were only one of them. Their eyes were ajar because of the lack of sleep, and they had to fight yawning. Their shift was almost over when they came past the Clock Tower. Suddenly one of the men caught something red amid the green sea of the grass, elbowed his partner to get his attention, and showed towards the red stain. They shortly exchanged the looks, then headed into the direction the first one had shown. One of them squatted down on the spot and reached down. When he straightened back up he was holding a single red rose in his hand.[Chapter 7] VII. chapter: Delivering When Abby entered Giselle's rooms in the morning she found her mistress seated in an armchair in the drawing room with her legs folded beside her, dressed in a white corset and a white, lacy gown over it. Her auburn locks were falling over one of her shoulders, and she seemed to be absorbed in a book she was reading. \"Good morning, milady.\" The latter tore her gaze away from the book. \"Good morning, Abby,\" she greeted calmly. \"Would you like to try riding today?\" \"Riding?\" The maid was sincerely surprised. \"Riding a horse, milady? Why, I would love to do so, but I'm afraid there's work to do. The Emperor is coming tomorrow …\" \"We'll sneak out.\" Giselle closed the book and stood up, the edge of her gown sweeping around her bare feet. \"Come.\" \"What do I have to do?\" \"Help me get dressed, and grab a pair of trousers.\" The lady smiled at the look on Abby's face. \"Don't worry, mine shall fit you.\" Abby nodded silently, and simply watched Giselle with surprise written all over her face as the lady led her into the dressing room and pulled trousers out of a wardrobe. XXXXX Good twenty minutes later the two women were seated in a carriage. \"Where are we going, milady?\" Abby asked. \"Out of the city. I know a farmer there, he'll lend us his horses. And please, just call me Miss Rayne, would you do that?\" \"You are the most unusual person,\" Abby muttered. \"I know,\" Giselle agreed quietly, her voice surprisingly bitter. They got out on a macadam country road amid countless meadows. There was only one farm close by, and Giselle headed towards it without a second thought. Abby waited patiently while the former talked to the farmer. After a few minutes they went into the stable where they changed into trousers and shirts, and Giselle saddled two horses so fast it was obvious she'd been doing it many times before. \"How did you get to know this man, Miss Rayne?\" the maid asked meanwhile. \"I got to know many people,\" Giselle fastened the saddle-belt. \"My survival basically depended on that.\" \"I still can't believe what you did,\" Abby shook her head. \"It happens,\" the lady shrugged. \"Things we think of as impossible. They happen before our very eyes, yet sometimes we can still hardly believe.\" No more was said about the subject. Instead the riding lesson began. Abby learned fast. Soon she could manage a slow trot without difficulties, but Giselle's gallop was still something that lay beyond her abilities. The latter was quite an excellent rider. To Abby the way she broke into gallop was breathtaking. \"That's it for today,\" Giselle announced at the end, smiling slightly. \"We had better return.\" Her mood had lightened up, and the ride left her comfortably tired. She politely thanked the owner, they changed again, and ten minutes later their carriage arrived (Giselle had promised the driver enough money that he was more than willing to return at the time she'd stated). \"Did you enjoy riding, Abby?\" she asked when the hansom's wheels started to rattle over the city's streets. \"Very much so, milady.\" She quickly covered her mouth. \"My apologies, I meant Miss Rayne.\" \"To me it feels … liberating.\" Giselle turned to look out through the window. \"It can deliver me form all the bonds of society. And more importantly, from my own thoughts.\" For a short while she'd forgotten the constant pain in her chest. Otherwise she pretended not to feel it, but she couldn't forget it, let alone run away from it. A barely audible sigh escaped her lips as her eyes absent-mindedly glided over the streets of London, people who were headed who-knows-where, and the lustre of the Thames behind them as they were driving along the riverbank. The hansom rattled past some sordid piers, and a lone figure came into her view, a black silhouette of a man on the green grey background of the Thames. He was standing still, wind playing with the end of his black cloak and dark hair. Giselle narrowed her eyes. At that moment, as the carriage rattled past the man, she caught a glimpse of his profile, and twitched violently. Her opened palms clashed against the dirty glass, and she strained her eyes to get a better look at the guy. She couldn't have wholly distinguished his features before; they'd gone past too fast, way too fast! But she needed to see! Her mind was telling her to be foolish, but it was her heart she listened to when her hand closed around the doorknob. She had to be wrong, she knew. She had to be. It couldn't have been him … It couldn't. But still … What if … people were wrong? What if … \"Miss Rayne!\" screamed Abby when the lady opened the door and jumped. She staggered some, but caught her balance and ran. Her heart wanted her to do so even if it was stupid and hopeless. She heard her name screamed by Abby one more time, but she only stopped when she reached the place where the man had been standing. He wasn't there anymore. No one was there. She should have known … Giselle kept staring over the Thames with a distant look in her eyes until Abby arrived with the hansom. \"Miss Rayne,\" she said. \"What has gotten into you?\" \"It's nothing, I'm sorry,\" she said, her eyes still turned towards the river. \"I thought I saw someone … Never mind, I was wrong.\" Of course she'd been wrong! She really should have known better. He was dead. Still she was disappointed. Why? She didn't know. But she'd had a little hope – even if only for a moment – that maybe he was somehow alive. That hope vanished in a blink of an eye. There were thousands of men in London, surely at least one could be similar to him. \"That was dangerous,\" Abby remarked. Giselle only shrugged her shoulders. Little did she care. One last look across the Thames, then her face turned into an emotionless mask. XXXXX \"A masked ball?\" Roy's eyes lit with excitement. \"Sounds great! You could be a maharaja again,\" he elbowed Chon, who smiled a not-really-over-excited smile. Roy went on, \"And Lin the most beautiful princess. Not one woman in whole Britain can compare with her!\" \"You might be exaggerating,\" remarked Doyle. He'd just told his two friends about the masked ball the Queen had decided to throw in honour of the Emperor's visit. They were invited, too, and Roy's head seemed to be filled with foolish ideas already. \"Please, spare us you antics this time,\" he added. \"Don't worry, I'll tell Lin to watch over him,\" Chon said. He was about to add some more when another voice cut in. \"It seems you intend to honour us with your presence at the ball?\" Heads turned towards the door. It was Giselle who'd spoken. She was standing next to the doorframe, and it seemed she was waiting for an answer despite the fact she already knew it. \"Yes,\" Chon said at last. \"And you, milady?\" \"It is my duty to be there. Just at is it his,\" she gestured towards Doyle, \"to take care of security there. Successfully,\" she stressed, \"since the Emperor also intends to bring the seal with him.\" \"The seal?\" Chon gawked. \"The imperial seal?\" \"Yes, the very seal.\" Giselle smiled mentally. She'd just known what kind of reaction the news would cause. \"How the hell do you know that?\" Roy raised an eyebrow suspiciously. \"The Queen told me,\" she answered swiftly. \"Allegedly he's more 'careful' about it now, and didn't want to leave it in China in his absence since they don't have a real seal keeper. Not a very wise decision in my opinion. Especially when he already got rid of Wu Chow.\" \"Does the whole England know about that little Chinese bastard?\" Roy looked at inspector Doyle, but the latter shook his head, \"We kept it as hidden as possible. I have no clue how our fair lady here came to know of Wu Chow.\" Giselle almost bit her lip. Only now did she become aware Victoria hadn't noticed that she knew things she shouldn't be able to know. But these people had. \"Women have their ways of knowing things,\" she said cryptically. \"We are not as helpless and tamed as some people would like to think.\" \"Excuse me, but what much can you do, huh?\" \"You don't want to know, Mr. O'Bannon.\" Her voice was quiet, not much above a whisper, but with a slight scent of threat in there. \"Also, look at Lin. She's a woman, isn't she?\" \"Lin's an exception!\" Roy waved his hand. \"Because she is Chinese, and I'm an English royalty? You are not amusing me. I've always thought heroes are nicer. Especially really great heroes such as you are, judging by the contents of Roy O'Bannon novels.\" \"You read them?\" the fair-haired man asked with excitement. \"I've read one once. Hardly got through it, though. I must say I'm surprised you haven't written one about your last adventure yet.\" Too late did she realise what she'd just said. Roy hadn't noticed anything – no wonder – but Chon had and he frowned. \"Why would you say that?\" he asked suspiciously. Giselle saw no point in lying or twisting her own words. \"Because he wrote the first one,\" she simply said, hoping they wouldn't pry too much. To her relief, Roy smiled widely. \"I see you really do have your way of getting information. A point for you. But …\" He was interrupted by yet another newcomer, or better – two. Edwin and Lin appeared at the door; the former hurried towards lady Rayne immediately. \"Ah, Giselle, I've been looking for you all over the place!\" he bent and kissed her hand. \"I had the luck of meeting Lady Lin, who so kindly provided me the information of where else I could search for you.\" \"Kindly, yes,\" she repeated. \"Edwin, aren't you mad at me? After all I said to you?\" \"Darling,\" he shook his head, \"of course I'm not mad. I'm sure you didn't mean it that way. You were upset over something, I think.\" And it never occurred you I may have been upset over your behaviour? she thought, but only smiled. Edwin went on, \"Although I am a little concerned. You smile and you're kind, and surely you must like me, too, but your words are those of rejection. You must forgive me, my darling, I cannot help but wonder whether there is another man involved.\" \"What are you aiming at?\" Giselle narrowed her eyes. She didn't like the way this conversation was going at all. Others watched quietly. \"I think I might have competition,\" Edwin replied. \"I would very much like to have an answer to that, but I fear I cannot force it out of you. However, I assure you, no matter who that other man might be, I'll prove you I'm better. I'll do whatever it takes to clarify the matter. \" Giselle's heart increased its tempo. Her muscles tightened just a bit as she forced herself to retain control. What was this guy thinking? \"Edwin, please,\" she sighed. \"I like you, but 'the matter', as you have called it, is no…\" \"Ah, I knew you liked me!\" he exclaimed before she could finish. \"And I mean it, Giselle, I can find that man, I can challenge him to a duel, and I assure you I'll defeat him! I'll help you de…\" He couldn't finish. Giselle moved as fast as lightning, and only a moment later she slapped him across the face so hard he staggered back until his back hit the wall. His hand went up to cover his cheek, which was shining bright pink, and he slowly shifted his weight to stand properly again with an utterly shocked expression. Everyone was staring at the lady, who was standing in front of him, her back perfectly straight, lips stubbornly pressed together, eyes sparkling with anger and hurt at the same time. \"Giselle,\" Edwin exhaled disbelievingly. \"Lady Rayne.\" Her voice was like ice. \"Why did you do that? Wait, so there is another man?\" he seemed earnestly confused. \"Don't ever say such things again,\" Giselle asserted slowly but clearly. \"Upset or not, I meant what I said. If you were to propose me, my answer would be no. I'm sorry if I hurt you, but that's just how it is.\" \"You hurt my face,\" he grumbled. \"Well, I'm not sorry for that.\" \"You slapped me!\" \"Very well noticed,\" she sneered. \"But you're a woman! Women don't do such things!\" \"Women, Edwin,\" she locked her eyes onto his, \"learn how to survive. Raising a hand and striking through the air is one of the easier things to master.\" With that she left without giving anyone so much as another glance. Edwin looked at everyone one last time before he, too, left, still pressing a hand to his face. \"At least this time it wasn't me who got hit,\" Doyle remarked to break the silence, remembering how Lin had kicked him last year. \"Dangerous little thing,\" Roy said through his teeth. \"She's not particularly short, you know, rather average,\" remarked Lin with a certain amount of sarcasm. \"And slapping someone is really not all that hard.\" \"She seems to be a whimsical person,\" Chon said. \"Or just angry. No wonder she got mad if such an ugly guy wanted to propose to her!\" Roy exclaimed. \"He was quite handsome, you know,\" Lin said. \"And don't be jealous now.\" \"I have no reason. After all, I am way more handsome.\" Chon just rolled his eyes. It was a wonder those two had even become a couple. That they managed to stay one this long was a miracle. A/N: Edwin surely comes across as horibly annoying to you now, but he wasn't meant to be that kind of annyoing, stupid guy, so it'll get better. He's just ... too full of himself[Chapter 8] VIII. chapter: The strange game The reception for the Emperor was horribly luxurious and almost as long. Giselle participated mostly out of her duty towards the Queen but also out of curiosity. Nevertheless, she was glad when she could leave, even if only to rest for a few hours before the ball started. She took a bath, Abby did her hair and helped her get dressed. She was pre-arranged with Chon, Roy and Lin. They appeared at her door five minutes later than they should have, both men wearing multi-coloured costumes while Lin was clad in black and red. \"Good evening,\" the latter greeted. \"Good evening,\" replied Giselle, who just put on a white domino mask embroidered with gold threads. She was dressed in a rich, sleeveless, crème-coloured gown and white gloves, which reached the middle of her upper arms. Her hair was tied into an exquisite bun with gold feathers bound into it and some loose curls at the nape of her neck. \"You look stunning,\" Roy kissed her hand. Giselle thanked him politely, and smiled a small smile. But something about the manner of her reply was wrong. Lin noticed immediately. It wasn't just her smile, it was everything; her face, her posture, her speech. Beautiful but emotionless. Her face was a mask all by itself. Even the posture of her body gave nothing away, not even coldness or calmness. The Chinese frowned. What kind of act was that? She tried to start a conversation with Lady Rayne as they walked through the palace, but she only received short, polite replies, and gave up soon. It was obvious the Lady wasn't in the mood for talking. \"Wow,\" whistled Roy under his breath when they stopped on top of the stairs leading down to the giant ballroom. Ten luxurious chandeliers made of Venice glass were holding numerous candle-shaped gas lights. A gallery ran all around the hall, supported by pillars ornate with gold patterns. Across the passage under it were doors leading to small balconies. Tables, covered with crisp white cloths, were positioned all around the ballroom, laden with immense amounts of finest dishes and beverages. Footmen carrying trays with expensive glasses were scattered among the colourful crowd. The ballroom was filled with chatter and laughter, heard over quiet music coming from a corner where musicians were seated. \"Wow indeed,\" Chon agreed. \"May I have your attention for a moment?\" Giselle suddenly remembered something. They nodded, and she beckoned them to step closer to the wall with her as to not be in the way of other guests. \"I sincerely hope you were told about the ballroom etiquette,\" she said. \"Oh, yeah, we heard some,\" Roy said in a tone, which showed he'd absolutely forgotten about it. \"Please, behave yourselves,\" Giselle's eyes landed on him. \"I am already watched upon with enough disapproval, I do not wish to give people reasons for more gossip.\" Her face was still void of all emotions. \"Have fun,\" she added. \"You bet!\" Roy offered Lin his hand, and she took it with a smile. \"Let's go, my fair lady!\" Lady Rayne watched them walk down the stairs. She was considering whether to be assertive and enter the ball alone, or try to be a good lady and wait for someone to go with, and then go alone after she'd realise what she already knew – she should have taken care of getting an escort before, when she heard Chon's voice beside her, \"Would you give me the honour and allow me escort you to the dance?\" Positively surprised she offered him her hand with a silent, polite smile. At least someone listened to what he was told , she thought. After four dances right one after another Giselle made her way through the crowd towards the tables with beverages. Glad she found water, she took a glass and made a sip or two. Her eyes travelled from dancing couples to some wallflowers on her right. She noticed Edwin a bit further away. He was talking to three young girls, who seemed to enjoy the conversation, judging by their heartily smiles. She averted her gaze; for not she'd had enough of Lord Dixon. Her eyes travelled further, and she slowly walked through the crowd, almost floated in a ghost-like manner. At some point she put down her glass. She was glad that she'd already been introduced to the Emperor, but even so it would be considered rude if she stayed away from the Queen and her guest any longer. Finding the Queen seated at her special table, she slowly approached. \"Ah, Giselle!\" the older woman clasped her hands. \"I hope you're enjoying the ball.\" \"Very much so, your majesty, thank you,\" Lady Rayne bowed. She was becoming a better and better liar. But then again, lying with a mask on her face was not at all hard. \"The ball is fabulous.\" \"I'm glad to hear that.\" Giselle bowed once again, then slowly walked away. That done, she found a place near a pillar, and engaged herself with observing the crowd. A woman in a jade green dress laughed at a joke her companion had told, but her laughter was too loud to be real; she just wanted to please. An elderly man sniffed his vine as if he were an expert on the subject. Two girls in their mid-teens giggled while looking across the ballroom. \"Would you give me the honour of dancing with me?\" Giselle turned around, and her eyes met a pair of blue ones. A man she'd never seen before was standing in front of her. He must have been in his late thirties, had short, dark brown hair and a small moustache, and wore no mask. She opened her mouth to accept when she caught a dark-clad figure with a corner of her eye. Standing a few meters away was a man dressed in black from head to toe, wearing a black mask, which covered his whole face. His hair was also dark, combed back into a very short ponytail at the nape of his neck. He happened to look at her as well, and despite the distance their eyes met. Something inside stirred. \"I am very sorry,\" she said, \"but I really don't feel well. Please, accept my apology. I would gladly dance with you some other time.\" \"Oh …\" The man looked displeased. \"Maybe some other time, yes.\" He left with a smile, but Giselle was certain he would never ask her to a dance again. Turning him down wasn't polite, she knew, and her excuse wasn't really good either, but she couldn't have ignored the feeling in her guts. Her eyes shot through the crowd in an attempt to find the black figure again, but he wasn't there anymore. Finally she discovered him. He was standing beside a table with food, trying to blend in with the walls; she was rather sure about the latter. Her caramel eyes stayed focused on him for two or three minutes. Then he moved, and slowly started to walk around, observing the crowd. For one moment he looked straight into her direction. Giselle kept her gaze steady all the time until she was disturbed by a footman, who offered her a drink. Agitated, she declined, turning her head again to continue the strange game. The man had disappeared. Her eyes shot around again and again, but in vain. When she felt a light pat on her shoulder she wanted to growl with annoyance. But she quickly bit her tongue. The man she'd been looking for was standing right beside her. He offered her his hand – a silent invitation to dance – and Giselle took it without the slightest hesitation. There was something mysterious yet something horribly alluring about this man. She couldn't resist. She didn't want to. He led her onto the dance-floor, his hand came to rest on her hip, her hand on his shoulder, and they turned, pulled by the rhythm of music. Giselle had to admit he was quite an excellent dancer. He was leading her safely, but she still had enough space to add that final finesse. And she enjoyed it. She felt good in his arms. The warmth of his body was calming and exciting her at the same time. There was that familiar chill going down her spine … Everything was too familiar. They way he held her, how he moved … At some point their eyes met, her caramel orbs meeting his dark irises, and Giselle's eyes widened. A breath got caught in her throat. Her heartbeat rose. She couldn't hold the gaze. \"Rathbone?\" she exhaled in a shaky voice. \"Lord Nelson Rathbone?\" Their twirl came to an abrupt halt as he froze in the middle of motion. For a moment, which seemed to last for eternity, they still stood like that, in the dancing-pose, then he grabbed her by the wrist, and roughly pulled her through the crowd past a pillar, across the passage, and straight through the door to a small balcony. Pushing her into a corner, he closed the door behind them. Giselle's hands found the fence, and subconsciously closed around it. \"You're alive!\" she exclaimed. \"How?\" Then a though crossed her mind. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Sshhh,\" he hissed, and covered her mouth with a hand. \"Not a sound, understood?\" Giselle nodded, and pushed his hand aside. She felt as if a tornado were raging inside of her, but managed to suppress the feeling in her guts, and focus on what she thought was important. \"You shouldn't be here,\" she whispered. \"It's dangerous. Someone could have recognised you!\" \"What you don't say,\" he sneered. \"I won't tell, I swear,\" she whispered feverishly. \"But I want some questions answered in return.\" He didn't respond, so she went on, \"We can't talk here.\" \"This is where we agree. Then where?\" She read in his eyes that she had his full attention. \"Your estate. It's empty. Tomorrow at midnight. At the stables.\" He measured her from head to toe before he gave one sharp nod. \"Deal.\" \"Great. Now get out of here,\" she hissed. \"Go!\" Another moment passed, one more time his gaze lingered on her. She couldn't see his face, but was quite sure confusion, doubts and – above all – suspicion could be read there. When he finally moved he disappeared in a blink of an eye, and Lady Rayne was left alone. Leaning on the fence, she shuddered form cold. It was the end of April. The weather was slowly getting warmer, but the nights were still cold, and a sleeveless dress was by no means a proper garment for the momentary temperatures. Nevertheless, Giselle didn't mind the cold. She was preoccupied with the pounding of her heart, and blissful relief, which was spreading through her like something warm blossoming in her veins. He was alive. He was actually alive. That was all that mattered to her now. No questions, no doubts, no fears. Not now. After a few minutes she collected her scattered mind to a certain degree, and returned to the hall. Striding to the other side, she grabbed a glass of red wine on the way, emptied it in one long gulp, and set it on a plate of a stupefied footman. There was no sign of her emotionless mask anymore when she rushed up the stairs and left the ballroom bustle behind. Her cheeks were reddish, and her head spinning with emotions. Heading towards her rooms with long steps, she happened to run into Abby. \"Oh, Abby, perfect timing!\" she stopped her maid by grabbing her wrist. \"Get me something to drink. Something strong. Now!\" She let her go, and the dumbfounded maid nodded before she scurried away. Giselle proceeded her way down the halls. When she was finally in her bedroom her legs gave way, and she collapsed onto the bed. She pressed a hand to her forehead. Her heart was beating wildly. A/N: Figuring out how to make Rathbone still alive was actually one of the hardest things about the plot. It will be explained, of course. Also, I looked up a little bit how these balls worked at that time and tried to stick to it (mostly at least). So the things about entering alone and refusing a dance are true.[Chapter 9] IX. chapter: Nothing much \"Darling, I'm sorry!\" \"Oh, spare it!\" Lin was barging her way towards the staircase with Roy at her heels. \"Please, Lin!\" he caught her by her arm, and turned her around to face him. \"I was just being friendly! Let me explain!\" \"Explain?\" she shook her head. \"You have no idea how 'being friendly' makes me feel. I don't mind you being nice to other women, but flirting like that is just too much.\" \"It didn't mean anything, I swear, I …\" \"Just leave me alone.\" She freed her arm. As she turned around she caught Giselle with the corner of her eye. The latter was headed for the stairs, but she was walking much faster than usual, which was enough to get the Chinese's attention. Without a second thought she followed. She wanted to know what was going on. But more importantly, Lady Rayne was the only woman she knew around here, and right now she couldn't' stand men's company anymore. It didn't bother her that they weren't friends. Giselle was a woman, too, she'd understand how Roy was driving her crazy. A sound of steps muffled by carpet reached Giselle's ears. \"Abby?\" she called. At first there was no answer, only a few more steps; then she heard a familiar voice, \"No, it is me. Pardon my intrusion, Lady Rayne, I didn't know where else to go.\" Giselle turned her head and her eyes landed on Lin, who was standing at the door. For a second she considered sending her away, but decided not to. The Chinese looked upset. \"You pardon my condition,\" she said somewhat huskily, and sat upright. \"Do sit down, please. It should help you to calm down.\" Lin nodded, a shade of surprise on her face when she sank into an armchair. \"You seem a little upset, too,\" she noted. \"Nothing to worry about,\" Giselle stood up, and placed the mask she'd snatched off her face earlier onto a chest of drawers. \"Let me guess,\" she went on, \"O'Bannon upset you?\" \"Yes,\" Lin sighed with despair. Tears were about to form in her eyes, but she pushed them back. \"I don't understand him. He keeps saying how wonderful I am and how he loves me, but then he goes and flirts with other women! He just doesn't know how to stop, or so it seems.\" \"Men …\" Giselle sat back down on the bed. \"They keep doing stupid things just like that … I wonder … Maybe it's in their nature …\" She blankly stared into space for a second before her eyes focused again. \"Don't worry; I'm sure Mr. O'Bannon loves you. I can tell by the way he looks at you, you need not doubt that.\" \"Really?\" Lin's face lightened up a bit. \"But then why does he do such things?\" \"Have you tried talking to him?\" she answered with another question. \"Well … He doesn't particularly like the topic …\" \"Make him listen. And remember to listen to him, too.\" Lin opened her mouth to reply, but just then the door opened, and Abby entered with a bottle and a glass on a tray. \"The drink you ordered, milady,\" she set everything on the night table with a respectful bow, and hurried away. The auburn- haired lady poured some beverage into the glass. \"Here,\" she offered it to Lin, and glanced at the bottle to see what it was. \"A bit of gin might help.\" \"Thank you, that's very kind.\" \"Not worth mentioning,\" Giselle shook her head. She grabbed the bottle, and made three long gulps. Ignoring Lin's raised eyebrows, she put it back onto the night table and let herself sink into pillows. \"I needed that,\" she muttered. Usually she didn't drink, but momentary she was too excited. \"Don't look at me in such a manner, I know very well what I've done and even more so I'm not supposed to do it.\" \"You don't care that much for manners, do you?\" \"I do when needed,\" she answered. \"But sometimes there's really no use of them. They just limit one too much. One ends up being a prisoner of his own life.\" \"You are certainly … an interesting person.\" \"I suppose that is a compliment?\" \"Of course,\" Lin said quickly. \"I meant … You're a lot different than I thought you'd be when I first met you.\" Giselle didn't reply to that. Of course Lin's first impression of her can't have been good; she had behaved rather rudely for what she wanted to apologize. However, if she were to bring that up, she's spark the other's interests in her reasons for such behaviour, and she couldn't afford that. Remaining quiet was the best option. Lin broke the short silence, standing up. \"Thank you for your time. I'm sorry to have disturbed you; I really needed someone to talk to. But I'll leave you now. Thank you for the advice.\" \"You may stay if you wish,\" Giselle said, liking the idea of having her mind occupied with something else than the appearance of the man she loved. \"In fact, I'd be very glad if you stayed.\" \"Oh, of course. I just thought maybe you find my company annoying …\" Lin sat back down. \"I'll gladly stay. It feels nice to have someone I can talk to, too. And I'd like to get to know you better. You always seem to wear a mask.\" \"People wear masks all the time.\" She paused. \"You don't like staying in London very much.\" \"How did you know?\" \"Some say I'm good at reading people,\" she shrugged. \"I wouldn't know. You must fell lonely here.\" \"I do,\" Lin nodded shortly. \"I've just made some good friends in America, and now I'm alone here again. No, not really alone, my brother and Roy are here, of course, but they get along with inspector Doyle really well. They act all guy-like and …\" \"And you feel left out.\" \"Yes. Also, being here … brings back memories of my father.\" \"I'm sorry he died,\" Giselle offered her condolences. This time she was fully aware of her words, but didn't care much. \"You must miss him.\" \"How do you know …? Surprise was written all over her face. \"Roy said you knew a lot of things. Seems he spoke the truth.\" She sighed. \"I do miss him. It is not so bad, though. He's been dead for over a year now. And I still have Chon and Roy.\" \"Yes … Lin – May I call you Lin?\" \"Of course.\" \"Hold him tight. If you really love him, hold him with everything you have. Little misunderstandings aren't worth losing him. He'll do stupid things again and again, but as long as he loves you he'll regret it. You should forgive him.\" \"It's not always so easy.\" \"Forgiving is easy as long as one loves,\" Giselle said quietly. Lin watched her silently for a few seconds, as if she were thinking about something. Then she said, \"You speak wise things.\" \"I wouldn't know,\" Lady Rayne told the truth. \"Maybe. But it doesn't make me any wiser than you. I think we all know these things deep in our hearts. It's just a matter of puting them into words.\" It was Lin's turn to say maybe before she switched the topic. \"You were upset, too, Lady Rayne?\" \"Prey, call me Giselle.\" \"Giselle. A man's fault?\" \"A man's fault,\" she confirmed. \"That mister you slapped yesterday? He seems to like you, doesn't he?\" \"Well … yes. Kind of. We used to be childhood-friends. He's trying to court me at every opportunity, and thinks I'm beautiful. He likes to show off, too. He does like me, so much I can tell, but I'm sure there is nothing deeper behind his words. He'll get over it.\" \"Apparently he picked the wrong woman to court.\" \"Absolutely.\" Giselle's lips curled into a faint smile. \"He surely didn't see your slap coming.\" \"Well, he should have. He had it coming from the moment he began speaking nonsense. Although I didn't really mean to slap him, it just happened,\" she sighed. \"If not for the dress I might have kicked him, too.\" \"My, you're a fighter then?\" Lin raised an eyebrow. \"Which would make you one of the two women around here who can put a man in their place?\" \"May I take that as a 'yes'?\" \"You may take it as a statement,\" said Giselle. \"However, I see no reason not to tell you. After all, your own fighting skills are quite an art. So, yes, I can fight.\" \"How come?\" Lin raised an eyebrow. \"I kind of needed a hobby,\" Giselle replied. \"Let's leave it at that.\" \"Oh. Well, I'd like to stay a bit longer, but I wish to talk to Roy before he can try to sweep everything under the carpet. Thank you for the conversation.\" \"Thank you . Have a good night,\" Giselle replied, and got up to walk Lin to the door. \"Good night,\" the latter returned the greeting. She walked down the corridor with a smile on her face. Giselle had given her courage. How had she known just what words to use? While Lin was thinking about all that Giselle wasn't thinking at all. With her back pressed against the soft, white sheets, she stared at the scarlet canopy. Her heart begun to race again at a mere thought of him. With a dreamy smile she pushed herself uprights, and reached for the bottle. The moment Giselle woke up she knew she had drunk too much. Her head was killing her, her stomach was turning, and she felt like all the strength had left her. Getting up seemed to be too hard. Besides, she had no reason to get up just yet, so she remained lying on her back while her thoughts drifted back to yesterday's evening. She went through every single detail in her mind. His slow walk through the crowd, his silent invitation to a dance, how he held her, how he froze, the well-hidden panic in his voice … His dark eyes that mesmerized her again and again … \"Milady!\" Giselle jumped so hard she nearly fell out of her bed. \"God, Abby, do you intend to scare me to death!\" She pressed a hand over her heart. \"I've called you three times, Miss Rayne.\" The maid gave the bottle on the night table a suspicious glance. \"Do you have a hangover?\" Giselle grumbled an affirmation. \"Bring me some water, please,\" she added. \"Right away. Anything else? A bath? Breakfast? Your hair is a mess, if I may say. And why did you go to sleep in the dress? You were already fast asleep when I came in here, and I didn't want to wake you … What happened yesterday, Miss Rayne?\" \"Nothing much,\" she muttered. \"Nothing much? Milady, you demanded a drink!\" \"Miss Rayne, Abby, not milady. Like I said – nothing much. I just met a man.\" \"A man!\" Abby clasped her hands with delight. \"That's good news! One would think man would be afraid of you after what you've done to Lord Dixon.\" She paused for a moment. \"Oh, I'm sorry if I said too much.\" \"Does the whole palace know about it?\" Giselle raised an eyebrow with irritation. \"God, Edwin is annoying!\" \"I think he resents you,\" Abby said shyly. \"Of course he does, I slapped him. But he deserved it.\" \"If you say so, Miss Rayne.\" \"No, really, he did. He said some things he shouldn't have said … Now, help me get ready for a bath, I don't think I can handle this,\" she pointed at her hair with a smile, \"on my own.\" \"Right away.\" Abby smiled, too. She had no idea what had happened, but whoever Giselle met it was apparently a good thing she did.[Chapter 10] X. chapter: Incomprehensible In theory the plan was simple, but Giselle already had some experience with seemingly easy plans. They always turned out to be more complicated in praxis. The first step was to make Abby believe she was already asleep. She took a bath as usual, changed into a nightdress, and retired at about half past ten. She waited good twenty minutes before getting up again. When she'd changed she glanced towards the sky through the window. It was covered with heavy clouds, and only a star or two could be seen. The moon peeked out from behind the covers every now and then. Giselle hoped it would stay hidden, and make everything easier for her. Thankful that her rooms were on the ground floor, she slipped through the window frame and out into the night. Her shirt was the only not-black piece of clothing on her, and even of it only a small part was visible due to a black cloak in which she was wrapped. Her hair was tied in a loose bun. All the way to the stables she remained in shadows of the mighty palace-walls. When she was positive no one would see her she sneaked inside. In the past year Giselle had needed a horse. Ace was a wonderful example of these species, and even though she was not his first owner – or rightful since she's stolen it – a bond existed between them, and Giselle had insisted on keeping him albeit she hadn't known how much it would come in handy. She saddled Ace with fast, hasty motions but patiently patted his neck when he snorted. No one noticed her ride away, but even if someone had all one would see would be a black shadow on a black horse. No one would recognise her. She rode fast and wildly. Wind was mercilessly whipping her face, and her eyes started to water, but she didn't pay much heed to it. Her heart was beating way too rapidly. Having no pocket watch with her, she couldn't tell what time it was, only guess. It was quite a long ride. After all, Rathbone's estate was a country estate. When the outlines of the huge building came into sight, her heart skipped a beat, and she spurred Ace to make him gallop still faster, only to abruptly yank the rein as she reached the stables, causing Ace to rise on his hind legs. Even in the dark, with nothing but moonlight to light her way, she could see the building was in need of repair. The walls were still standing and most of the roof seemed untouched as the firemen had been quick to act, but it was clear that the place hadn't been touched since then. There were cracks in the walls, shutters were gone and the remains of one wing of the door hang on the hinge sadly. The other wing was completely gone. Giselle looked around attentively, but couldn't spot Rathbone anywhere. That left two options: either she was earlier than him, or he wasn't going to show up at all. She preferred the first one, but there was nothing she couldn't do if the second option was the real one. She dismounted skilfully and patted Ace. A moment later a twig behind her cracked, nearly making her jump. She suppressed the impulse, however, and only twitched. \"Impressive entrance,\" she heard Rathbone's voice right behind her. \"Not very lady-like.\" When Giselle turned around to look at him she wished the place was lighter. She'd dreamt about seeing his face again so many times, and now his features were hidden by shadows of the night. She only noticed his hair had grown longer, as long as it could grow in the past ten months. \"While your entrance lacked all proper manners,\" she replied. \"Not very lord-like. At least you came.\" \"I keep my words.\" \"I still had my doubts.\" \"Because you could have arrived with half an army and leave me in their hands?\" He snorted. \"But at the same time I'm surprised to see you here, my lady .\" He emphasizes the words just enough to mock her. \"Lady Giselle Rayne, the adopted daughter of Her Majesty, meeting a murderer in the middle of the night all by herself. I could get rid of you before you even saw me.\" \"You wouldn't do that,\" she said quietly, only working calm on the outside. \"And just how would you know?\" \"I wouldn't,\" Giselle answered earnestly. \"But you are here and I'm still alive.\" \"And so am I,\" he said slowly. \"It seems you didn't come here to dispose of me. Then why did you? Do tell, it ought to be interesting to hear. Is it blackmailing you have in mind? What could a person like you want in exchange to remain quiet, I wonder.\" Giselle could see the walls he'd built around himself as clearly as if they were tangible, made out of bricks and mortar instead of sins and fights of the past. She could feel them as she could feel glass under her palms when she straightened out her fingers, leaning onto the window, and welcomed the contrast of cold surface against the warmth of her skin. She only wished his walls weren't so hard to break as the Buckingham palace's thick ones. \"Not that it really mattered,\" he narrowed his eyes. \"I could kill you at any given moment.\" \"I don't believe it.\" \"Do you want me to prove it?\" Before she could answer, he leapt at her. The force of his blow made her stagger back, and her back clashed against the stable-wall. In a blink of an eye his hand was around her neck. A breath got caught in her throat, and her instincts screamed at her to fight her way free, but she pushed the voices aside. Willing herself to calm down, she took a deep breath. Rathbone's grip was steady and uncomfortable, but he wasn't choking her; his hand remained in place without moving. \"You wouldn't kill me,\" she said, having absolute confidence in her words, strange as it was. \"You think I couldn't?\" His mouth formed a rigid line. \"Oh, you could, of this I'm sure.\" Well, maybe it was a bit hard to breathe like that. \"You just don't want to do such a thing.\" \"What kind of a thing?\" He was unrelenting. \"Killing me,\" she replied shortly, sucking in another breath. \"Because you're a woman, and I wouldn't fall so low?\" \"And you never will.\" He snorted. \"Your words are foolish.\" \"On the contrary,\" Giselle replied. \"My words are true and you should drop your act. It doesn't seem to have the desired effect, or so I think. It only looks ridiculous.\" He stared at her for while, silently, but her gaze didn't waver either, and slowly his eyes grew softer, the line of his mouth more relaxed, and his grip lessened. With an exhalation, he let go of her, still the warmth of his palm lingered on her skin. Silence grew heavy upon them. How fitting it would be if ticking of a grandfather clock filled the crisp spring air, synchronised with the beating of an excited woman's heart. Finally the spell was broken by Giselle crossing her arms in front of her chest. Something seemed to flit through his mind, and he made a step back almost gingerly. Yet the silence still lingered, even when Giselle's lips parted to form words she couldn't find, and they twitched so lightly it was impossible to notice. Even when Rathbone shifted his weight from one leg to another, his eyes never looking at hers. At last, a murmur broke from his lips. \"I'm sorry.\" Giselle released a breath she hadn't known she'd been holding. \"I'm sorry, too. I didn't mean to startle you. Whether you choose to believe me or not – I didn't come here for trouble. And neither did you.\" \"Why did you come then?\" he frowned. \"How come the whole Buckingham palace, no, the whole London doesn't know about this yet?\" \"I chose not to tell.\" She ignored the first question. 'Because I love you' wasn't the kind of explanation she could offer. \"Let us make a deal.\" He canted his head a little. \"Go on.\" \"I give you my word that no one will find out about you, and you teach me fencing.\" \"Fencing? Swordplay?\" He was clearly bewildered. \"Yes. Would that work?\" \"It could.\" \"Then I shall see you here tomorrow night.\" He just nodded. \"If you'll excuse me, I have to go now …\" Her voice slowly faded. She didn't have to go. She didn't want to go either. But there was nothing left to say at the moment. It was better to let things be for now. All in good time, people said. She would wait. She'd waited five years. What was another day to her now? In a few steps she was at Ace's side. She climbed into the saddle and looked at Rathbone for one last time. \"Until tomorrow,\" she said. Her heels hit the horse's sides, spurring him into trot. Rathbone stared behind the dark shadow of the woman even after he could no longer see her. Giselle Rayne. He remembered her, the person whom the Queen had liked – and probably still did – to have around so much. The child who had looked into the world with big, curious eyes. The girl who had sat in a corner quietly and listened to conversations. The teenager who had blushed politely when men kissed her hand. The young lady with a silent smile in her caramel orbs. A charming creature with some intriguing mystery hanging over her, one of the people one could actually talk to. But only one of them. A person in the crowd, one among many, another dress, another name. He'd never thought she'd be the one to come in the middle of the night, riding astride, wearing man's clothing. Come to meet a criminal who was thought to be dead, and would most likely have been if anyone else but her had discovered him at the ball. His frown deepened. Why had she let him leave? Not just that, she'd wanted him to leave. He still had to shiver at the thought of how close he must have been to death. If there was something he'd learned in the past ten months, it was that he wanted to live. God knows why, it seemed to him there was nothing worth living for. He'd lost everything. Yet he was still alive. And like always a question was gnawing at his insides: he'd survived, but was this another chance or a punishment? He couldn't tell. He'd always hated not knowing the answers, and now there was yet another thing that bothered him. Giselle. Why had she let him live and why had she come here. But there was more that troubled him. She'd read him so easily before. It only took her an instant to realise his threats were all just empty words, spoken out of sheer need to protect himself. Just a shield he'd tried to use for protection. How had she done it? Had he forgotten how to lie? No … No, he couldn't have. Words had always served him well, even became another of his weapons of choice. It must have been about her, not about him, that she hadn't been afraid. Not even a bit. Why? He was a murderer, for God's sake, the one who'd almost become responsible for the massacre of the royal family! And she wanted fencing lessons from him! He shook his head in disbelief. It was all too confusing to sort out. A/N: I realise Rathbone's estate i sprobably further away from London than an hour ride, but then again it fits into the story better this way. Besides, if the location of Stonehenge could be false in the movie, so can the one of his estate be here. ~Jey-chan ^^ ","Summary":" A/N: Hey! Just in case you've read this before - the first chapters are re-written (with some littl"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"What a Girl Wants Songfics","Author":"ThePotterGeek","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3628005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The songsnin this movie made me think that I'll do the whole soundtrack ofnthe movie. Yup. Arnold, Miss Songfic, is doing the unthinkable: she'sngonna do a chapter story of songfictions. Wow, what and undertaking!nThis chapter is all in Daphne's POV. I ownnnothing. -- Skip down Mistic street Have a smile, it's onnme Cross-town traffic days And Jimi is singing (Jimi isnsinging) Ahhh, NewnYork. The place I'd lived my entire life. All the better that I hadnmy mom. Wonder Bread Factory, surplusnstores and Maybelline Hold my hand, I hold my own Butnsomeone is missing. Someone who I had always hoped would come, to benhere. But he never did show. So I'm happy with what I have, whichnis a lot. Gotta get me out of the junkyardnheap Kicking back in marigold summertime dream It's a good,ngood life, we got the good life One of thesendays, I'd have to get out of here, if only for a while. I need tonsee the world. Maybe even find my dad. Falling in love under thenraspberry sun Turn up the stereo, baby have some fun It's angood, good life, we got the good life Fornnow, though, I'm happy to be here just with Libby. I have myngirlfriends, and we have fun. Plus, there are a ton of cute guys tondate. Fortune jackpot blues What'snan empty pocket do? A few timesnwe've been a little short on cash, and I cut spending, but we'vengotten out of it, and now we're completely normal, with enoughnmoney. Climb the nearest dream andnstart demanding Bean bags, bobby pins, glitter gel, I'm homenagain Where's my shiny golden key? Goingnout shopping is one of my favorite things to do. But I'm alwaysnglad to come home to my mom, who'll order takeout, or, on a rarenoccasion, make the two of us something. Gotta get me out of thenjunkyard heap Kicking back in marigold summertime dream It's angood, good life, we got the good life I love mynlife. Falling in love under thenraspberry sun Turn up the stereo, baby have some fun It's angood, good life, we got the good life Even when I work atnone of my mom's wedding gigs, I manage to find something thatnamuses me. Roll down the window (the rearviewnwindow gleams) See you waving (waving back at me) Find changenunder (the sofa cushion seat) Butnwhenever I see the bride dancing with her father, I break. As long as you are here, withnme Cuznhe's not here, and probably won't be for my wedding, and I won'tnget to do that. Gotta get me out of thenjunkyard heap Kicking back in marigold summertime dream It's angood, good life, we got the good life Yeah, I neednto go find him. Falling in love under thenraspberry sun Turn up the stereo, baby have some fun It's angood, good life, we got the good life ThennEngland's the place to be, not here. I'll go there, and find myndad. Gotta get me out of the junkyardnheap Kicking back in marigold summertime dream It's a good,ngood life, we got the good life Falling in love under thenraspberry sun Turn up the stereo, baby have some fun It's angood, good life, we got the good, we got the good life Maybenmeet a guy I actually stick with. Maybe stick with my dad. Falling in love under thenraspberry sun Turn up the stereo, baby, have some fun I can have just asnmuch fin in London, right? Gotta get me out of the junkyardnheap Kicking back in marigold summertime dream We got the good,ngood life My life isnstill great, I just have to add a few tweaks. -- So did you like? Is thisna sucky idea? Tell me! Next chap is gonna be Because You Loved Me,nDaphne and Libby's POVs, thinking about Daphne's fatherless life. -Arnold-[Chapter 2] My second installment. I know, that was quick. I just don't have much to do, and I'm on a roll! Don't own either. Song + story don't belong to me. Daphne. Libby. It ain't that hard, people! -- \"If everyone will please clear the dance floor, the bride and her father would like to share a special dance,\" my mother announced. I felt the familiar tug at my heart, even before mom started singing For all those times you stood by me For all the truth that you made me see For all the joy you brought to my life For all the wrong that you made right Mom was the one who had done all that, not my father. And what was I supposed to do at my own wedding, not have a father-daughter dance? For every dream you made come true For all the love I found in you I'll be forever thankful baby You're the one who held me up Never let me fall You're the one who saw me through, through it all Am I really right to keep her from him? The pain that's in her face every time she sees this kind of thing is enough to stab any mother in the heart. I just don't want her to get hurt… If she lived like this, would she thank me for not letting her see her father? Or forever resent me for it? You were my strength when I was weak You were my voice when I couldn't speak Mom had always been here for me. I just don't think she's right here. There's a bug gaping hole in my body, and it's waited seventeen years for my father. Bu he hasn't come, and I haven't tried to force it. Maybe I should. You were my eyes when I couldn't see You saw the best there was in me If I fail, okay. Mom will always love me. Lifted me up when I couldn't reach You gave me faith, coz you believed I'm everything I am Because you loved me. I'm who I am today because of mom. It's time for dad to be a part of me, too. -- I think I'm doing pretty ok. Next one will be her leaving home, with that song. Don't know the name. Yet. Review! -Arnold-[Chapter 3] Next installment. Don't own it. -- You'll be coming home soon I know you're out of place Will you knock on my door soon? I just need to see your face Lord Henry Dashwood is easy to find on the Internet. He's a famous politician, and a member of the House of Lords, where only nobility sat. But a picture of him isn't enough for me. Ohhh, my heart is like a speeding train Ohhh, my love, when I can fill your pain I felt strange, acting in such a spur-of-the-moment kind of way, but it wasn't really like that. I needed this, so I booked myself on a nearly full flight to England. Ohhh, I long, yeah I pray for you Because I miss you I am out of place, I am out of place I woke up early, but stayed in bed until my mom left. Then I dressed, packed a suitcase that would last me a while, and grabbed a leather bag of mine that's a favorite, stuffing my ticket, album, and passport inside. You'll be coming around soon Its just not been the same It just not the same without him, I decided. So I'm gonna stick him in. I s there something I can do for you Have you got a soul to save? I slipped past the beading that covered the doorway of my room, and left the apartment, running down he stairs. Ohhh, my heart is like a speeding train Ohhh, my love, when I can fill your pain Ohhh, I long, yeah I pray for you Because I miss you I am out of place, I am out of place When I got a taxi, I left a message for my mom, so she knew where I ws going and that I was okay. She won' be all that happy with me, but this is something I need so much. And she doesn't understand, and wouldn't let me go. Ohhh, my heart is like a speeding train Ohhh, my love, when I can fill your pain Ohhh, I long, yeah I pray for you Because I miss you I am out of place, I am out of place I miss her already. But that feeling was dulled by the excitement of finally making my own decisions and the fact that I'm going to meet my father soon. Because I miss you I am out of place Ohhh, Because I miss you I am out of place, I am out of place In a way, I am going home. You'll be coming home soon I relaxed as the plane sped into the air towards my long-lost dad. -- Like it? I do. Next one is 'London Calling'. I mayor may not have her meet Ian in that one. Review! -Arnold-[Chapter 4] I'mnso sorry that this has taken so long for me to update! I beg fornforgiveness!!! Don't kill me! I'm writing now!! Don'tnown, don't sue. -- Incan't believe it. I'm here. London. Londonncalling to the faraway towns Londonnis so beautiful. Nownthat war is declared- and battle come down ButnI can't just marvel in the sights forever. I'm on a mission. Findnmy dad. Londonncalling to the underworld Onenday I'll come back here, and just wander. Not today. Comenout of the cupboard, all you boys and girls Stepn1: Find a hotel. That's easy enough. I have a little travel booknthat I bought at the airport. I'll just hop on a bus and find thennearest one. Londonncalling, now don't look at us \"GreatnBritain Grand Hotel?\" Allnthat phony Beatlemania has bitten the dust Walknin, and through the other noises comes guitar playing. Londonncalling, see we ain't got no swing UnexpectednStep 2: Meet an awesome (and cute) guy. 'Ceptnfor the ring of that truncheon thing -- Hopenyou liked!!! The song didn't really have anything to do with the story, but it's what's going onnduring the song. Nextnone: Love's Been a Long Time Coming. If there's a song beforenthat, inform me, I just can't remember. -Arnold- ","Summary":" The songsnin this movie made me think that I'll do the whole soundtrack ofnthe movie. Yup. Arnold, "},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Summer Love","Author":"CoriHoran","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5892666","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One Hi, my name is Corinne Wade. I am 16 years old and I am heading back out to London soon. I won't tell you why, though. That's one of those things that will ruin the story. I am 5' 8'' when I'm not wearing shoes, but I like to wear heels a lot. If I'm not wearing heels then I'm wearing converse or sometimes flip-flops. I have light brown hair with blond highlights. Let me just say that my hair is almost pin strait, but it does flip up at the ends, and it is about shoulder length. I don't think I'm that cute but my boyfriend thinks I'm gorgeous. So before I get too far into that I guess I will start the story. I hope that if your reading this then you like love stories![Chapter 2] Chapter Two It was a Saturday morning and I was getting ready to go on my overseas trip to London. Our school was having a summer foreign exchange program with some students from London. One summer we Americans go to London and the next summer they come to us. I personally think this is a great idea. I mean it's a trip to London right? Who wouldn't love it! I was so excited! \"Let's go Corinne! You're going to be late to the airport!\" my mom yelled from the kitchen. So I finished getting ready, zipped up my last suitcase, and ran down the stairs. \"I'm here, I'm here. Is all my stuff in the car?\" I am always late leavening to go anywhere. It's just what I do. \"Yes, everything is in there and Noelle is already waiting in the car for you.\" Noelle is my best friend ever. We were both doing the exchange program and we just thought we would carpool to save gas and money. \"Thanks mom,\" I said while running out the door. \"I will call you once we get to the airport and then again once we get to London, I promise. Love you!\" I always have to assure my mom I will call her if I go anywhere. She is always worried something is going to happen. It's quite annoying actually. Once I got to the car, I threw my last suitcase in the trunk, jumped in the driver's seat, greeted Noelle, pulled out of the drive way and speed down the road on our way to the airport. It took about two hours to get to the airport, and get through check in and such. Next thing I knew, it was twenty minutes later and we were on the plane waiting to take off. After a while, we took off and were finally allowed to use electronics. So I pulled out my iPod and started listening to music. Next thing I knew, I was asleep. This was quite lucky considering how long of a plane ride it is from Georgia to London. Oh ya, I live in Lawrenceville, Georgia by the way. Sorry for not telling you. We were on our way and I had no idea where the heck we were.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three When I woke up I was reluctant to find I had slept through the whole plane ride. Once Noelle and I were off the plane and had all of our luggage (man was that hard…we had too many bags), we went to meet our \"guide\". He was a short, white haired man wearing a business suit in a sea of tourist. He was holding a sign that said, \"Noelle and Corinne Wade,\" like they do in the movies. Noelle and I walked over to the man. When the man saw us, he obviously knew who we were, because once we were close enough to hear him, he said (in a British accent, of course), \"Hello, ladies. I am Mr. Samson. I will be your guide until you meet your housing partner in a few days.\" \"Um, hi. I'm…\"I tried to say politely. \"Yes, you are Ms. Wade, and you are Ms.\" Mr. Samson interrupted. How rude! And I thought Britt's were supposed to be nice. So with that, we all headed out to the car rentals. Both Noelle and I got rental cars. Once we pulled out, all we had to do was follow Mr. Samson to the hotel where we would be for the next week. Our first few days were nice but boring. Mr. Samson came to check up on us about twice a day. Other than that, nothing really happened, but now the fun begins.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 It was about 9 am when Mr. Samson walked into our room. Let me just tell you, we are never awake at that time, whether it's in London or in Georgia. It was our eighth day in London. It was the day we were taken to our partner's house. This is where we would be staying for the rest of the summer. \"Good morning, ladies!\" Mr. Samson yelled at us, \"its time to wake up and pack up.\" I somehow knew that if I only rolled over in bed, Mr. Samson would keep on yelling in my ear. I don't like people yelling in my ear. So, I got out of bed and headed toward the bathroom to take a shower. Once I was done getting ready for the day, I packed up my stuff, and went down to the lobby. Mr. Samson was down there waiting for us. Standing right behind him were two other boys that were about our age. The boy looked like Logan Lerman, with long, dark brown hair and blue eyes. The other boy was a tall blond with an amazing tan and bright green-y, blue eyes. Mr. Samson walked up to us and told us that these two students were our summer exchange partners. Then he told us to go greet them. So we strode over to them and all stood in silence for about a minute. \"Hello, I am Jacob Allen Elling,\" said the boy that looked like Logan. \"And I am Todd Danielle Edwards,\" said the other boy. \"Who might you two beautiful ladies be?\" He sounded like such a flirt, but I guess he was just being polite. I was too shy to say anything, so Noelle said, \"I am Noelle Kristen Hemming and this is Corinne Ella Wade.\" \"Hi.\" Is that all I could really think of to say? I guess it was just the astonishment of how hot Jacob was. The British accent was hard to ignore too. I felt like such an idiot afterward. Then Mr. Samson trotted over and to me I was staying with Todd for the summer and Noelle was with Jacob. What's the good part? The two boys live right next door to each other! That and they only lived a few minutes away from the hotel so we could walk and all get to know each other. I told the boys that I needed to talk to Noelle alone for a minute while we were walking. So they walked ahead and I told her, \"I call Jacob. I don't care if you're staying with him, he is mine.\" \"Ok. I like Todd more anyway. So we have a deal?\" she replied. \"I do believe so.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 A few minutes after we left the hotel we got to Jacob's house, and right next door was Todd's. All of our stuff was sitting outside the houses, just waiting for us to get there and unpack them in our rooms. So I said bye to Noelle and went with Todd to his house. As any other day, the first thing that happened when I walked into the house was the meet and greet stuff. First was Todd's parents, and then his little brother. His mom looked like she could have been a model before the kids (I was later informed that she was). She was beautiful with long blond hair like Todd's and, well, she looked like a model. His dad looked like the total geek. He had short brown hair and big glasses on his face. Lastly was Todd's 6-year-old brother, Sam. He was tall for his age and had hair like his dad's but a face like his moms. He was so adorable! After all of that fun, I was shown to my room and given time to unpack. A little while after I finished, I was lying on my bed, and Todd walked in. \"Hey. I was about to head over to Jacob's house. So I thought I would see if you wanted to come. You know since your friend is there?\" he said after a moment. I could hear it in his British voice; he already had a crush on Noelle. And we all just meet! \"Sure. That sounds awesome. Just let me get my shoes,\" I felt kind of awkward but I was just going to have to get used to it. While I was getting my shoes, Todd said,\"Jacob and I were thinking that we could switch girls and get to know the other one. We will be spending a lot of time together, the four of us, anyways.\" Wow…nice excuse, right? After that we left and were at Jacob's in no time. Once we got there, Noelle and Todd almost immediately went off to a corner of the front porch, leaving me alone with Jacob. I felt so weird; we were both so quite. I have always been the shy one, so I hate talking to people. Either that or I can't think of anything to say, which was what was happening now. Finally, Jacob asked me to sit (on the opposite side of the porch than Noelle, nonetheless), and we started to get to know each other. \"So…\" he started. If you ask me it was kind of a lame start to a conversation, but I knew where he was coming from. \"How old are you exactly?\" \"I am 16. How about you?\"I replied. \"I just turned 17 a few days ago,\" he said with an amazing smile creping onto his face. \"Well then, happy late birthday!\" I couldn't take my eyes off of him. The more I looked at Jacob, the more stuff I saw that I loved. He had big blue eyes and long dark brown (and I mean pretty close to black) hair. He was tall and skinny, but with lots of mussles. What's not to love about him? Oh and then there is also the irresistible British accent over his silky voice. \"Thanks,\" man we were having so much trouble starting and then keeping a conversation going! So I looked over at Noelle to see how she was doing. She and Todd were having no trouble at all! Why me? I decided after a moment of silence that I would tell Jacob what I just thought and he agreed. So I proposed a \"game\" to him. Basically I told him we should go back and forth and tell each other something about ourselves. So we did that for the rest of the time and I could not stop laughing! Jacob was so funny once you got him talking. Then all of a sudden Todd walked over and said it was time to head home. I looked up and realized it had gotten dark. So I said bye to Jacob and hugged Noelle. Then, Todd and I left. It was a wonderful, wonderful day.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 A few weeks passed, and they were amazingly fun. The four of us hung out almost every day. We went sightseeing, and shopping (the boys carried all of our bags for us! How nice!), we even went to a carnival that happened to be in town. By the end of all that, I felt like we had all been friend our whole lives. Also, almost every time there was a chance, Noelle would leave me alone, with Jacob, sometimes it even got kind of awkward. It was lovely. It was our fourth week in London, and we were all out shopping, again, and as usual, Todd and Noelle were walking ahead. It was kind of weird because neither I nor Jacob were talking. So I decided to start a conversation. \"So do you think they are goin' out?\" it was the first thing I could think of to talk about. \"Definitely. There is no possible way they aren't,\" he replied. Well that was a quick way to end that. After a few more minutes of walking in silence, Jacob asked me something, \"So there is an end of summer dance we have every year at our school. It's in a couple of days, and I was wondering if you would go with me.\" I must have made some sort of face (I was surprised, what can I say?),because then he said, \"of course we will be going as friends, if that's ok with you.\" I was a little disappointed, but oh well. \"Sure I'd love that. But the thing is I don't have a good dress for that sort of thing,\" I just thought it was a good way to get the boys in a dress store. \"Ok, well I know just where to go,\" Jacob said. Then he ran up to Todd and told him about what just happened. The next thing I knew we were all at a dress store looking at a whole lot of gorgeous dresses. Noelle and I would put on a dress and then go show the boys to see what their reaction was. Sometime it was really funny, but you know once their jaw drops, that that is the dress. A few days later, it was the day of the dance. Todd went over to Jacob's house and Noelle came over to mine (technically Todd's but whatever). Todd's mom helped us get ready, and we had a blast. At about nine o'clock, the boys came knocking at the door. Noelle and I opened the door and walked outside to meet them at the end of the path. \"Whoa,\" breathed Todd. \"You can say that again,\" Jacob said back to Todd. They were both staring at us with astonished faces on. I was wearing an aqua blue halter-top dress that was tight on the chest with a diamond broach in the middle. It was very flow-y for the rest of the dress, and it went about down to my knees. Noelle was wearing a strapless red dress that went about to mid thigh and had \"ruffles\" all the way down it. We were \"gorgeous\"! We walked to the school, and about half way there Noelle and I took off out heels and then put them back on once we got there. Once we were inside, Todd and Noelle were immediately on the dance floor. Jacob and I followed , but a little bit slower. The first song was a fast one, but then came the second song. It was a slow song. I guess this was a chance to talk right? I mean, it's not like there is anything else to do during a slow dance. So that's what Jacob and I did, we talked. \"So…\" Hey, a girl can only try to start a conversation! \"So… I never got to tell you earlier…,\" Jacob started. \"Tell me what?\" \"If you would let me finish I would tell you what I was going to tell you,\" oops. It's not like I do that intentionally. I just didn't think before I speak, so I interrupt Jacob in the process. \"Sorry, go on.\" \"I was going to say that I never got to tell you how beautiful you look tonight,\" he said. I think he even blushed a little. Do guys blush? \"Really?\" I needed to keep this up. It could get good. \"Well, ya. I mean you know,\" still blushing. This was funny. \"I have just never seen you like this so…\" Ya right! He is such a liar! So I decided to mess with him. \"You think I'm gorgeous, you want to kiss me, you want to hug me, you want to love me, you want to hug me, you want to smooch me, you want to...\" and then he kissed me. Right in the middle of the dance floor! He kissed me! Jacob Allen Elling, the hottest guy in London, kissed me! I was stunned. That was the highlight of the night. Just one kiss could take me a lot of places. I swear I couldn't stop smiling. My cheeks hurt way to bad. Oh well, I couldn't wait to see what Jacobs excuse was tomorrow for this. ","Summary":" Chapter One Hi, my name is Corinne Wade. I am 16 years old and I am heading back out to London soon"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"i'M eYE CaNDy UR nOt!","Author":"s.i.u37","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3503175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Thenend is not over, it's starting over again and again and again andnagain NanNa Na Na Na – Na Na Na Na... na...\"nDaphne sang the start of a new original song. She looked tonher mom, Libby. Libby just smiled at her. \"Well? Whatcha think?nRemember it's not complete, but it's on its way… right?\" Libby broke her silentnsmiling and said, \"Well it's definitely not complete… I thinknit's got a lot more work ahead!!\" \"Oh, mom you'rensaying it's awfully awful??!!\" \"No, I'm sayingnit's not complete. Why are you so interested in writing andnperforming songs nowadays?\" \"Because it runs innthe family…\" Daphne said in an enthusiastic way \"Nice try. Now reallyntell me.\" Libby knew better \"Fine. I guess Inwanna kinda impress Ian with my amazing talents. How he's annawesome musician, he might think me being a singer/songwriter wouldnbe really HOT!\" Daphne stood up and started crossing out the entirensong on her notepad. \"I'm hopeless aren't I?\" She sighed \"Daphne, you're notnhopeless. And you should know by now that you don't have to try tonamaze your boyfriend with talent that you don't have. Not that youndon't have the talent, you don't interpret it the right way…\"nLibby stood up and took the notepad in Daphne's hand and threw itnto the ground. \"He loves you. He's told you that. And you'ventold me that he told you that. So we all know what's going on.nDon't waste your time on something as silly as this.\" \"Thanks mom, I fullynunderstand now. Oh by the way, you should work on your advice givingnskills. You kinda don't have any… well at least you don'tninterpret them the right way.\" Daphne giggled. Libby put on antoothy smile. \"I don't have any skills, huh? Well I'll show thenkinda skills I have!\" Daphne giggle-screamednand ran out of the room with Libby chasing after her to try andntickle her. Ah, you've never seen a mother-daughter bond quite likenthis one. Later that day, Daphne sat on her bed and wrote in hernjournal… Wellnthe song didn't work out too well. I got a real musician's advicenfrom that… The song would have been called 'Starting over Again'.nA nice refreshing song to start someone's morning. Just to give youna little backtrack… I'm of course still in Oxford learningnpsychology. Mom's still got her singing gig going strong for her.nGood old loveable Henry (weird how I don't feel like calling himndad that much!) has given up on the political life in London and nownis staying at home in our China Town apartment. He's searching forna job. Well, searching for him is just glancing over the Help Wantednsection of the morning paper… Ian, believe it or not, is actuallyncoming over to New York to visit me!!! He said he's been missing menlike crazy! Of course we instant message each other daily, but we'rennot face to face. And I like when we're face to face!! I love hisnface! I can't wait for his visit!!!! When was it again? Oh, I'llnjust ask him. He's online right now!!! L8R!nXX dAphANe[Chapter 2] Henry was searching around for his socks the next afternoon. \"Oh, where could those blasted socks be?!\" This wasn't the time for his good, clean socks to be missing. He had to get to the airport… his mum's finally coming to the States! Oh and Daphne's boyfriend too. Henry knew that Ian was just the right guy for his sweet Daphne. But this long distance relationship can't work out for long… \"HENRY!!! WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME THEY WERE COMING TODAY!!!!?\" Daphne yelled at Henry when she came into his bedroom. \"Daphne, I did tell you before! I even posted it up on the calendar in the kitchen! Could it have killed you to take a look at it?!\" Henry searched Libby's drawers to see if his socks were in there by mistake. \"We have a calendar in the kitchen?! Well I learned something today!\" Daphne said. Just then, Henry found something black in the drawer and pulled it out, hoping it was his socks, but instead he picked up one of Libby's black thongs… \"Ooo, umm, you didn't happen to see my black socks have you?\" Placing the thong gently back into the drawer. Daphne giggled. \"No, I haven't. And I'm sure they wouldn't be with mom's thongs, that's for sure!\" She giggled again. \"I was just seeing if they got misplaced in there…\" \"Uh huh.\" Daphne left the room and went into the kitchen to grab a bite to eat. She took out peanut butter, jelly, and rye bread. She started making herself a sandwich. The phone rings and she picks it up. \"Yellow!?! Oh, hey mom!! … No, he hasn't left yet. … Oh, I'm just fixing up a PB&J; sandwich. … Well, he keeps on saying –\" Just then Henry snatched the phone from Daphne's hand. \"Is it your mother?\" He asked. \"Yup.\" Daphne turned and went back to finishing up her sandwich. \"Libby, I can't find my clean black socks. You know, my REALLY good ones! The ones you cleaned at the Laundromat yesterday? Those. Where are they?! … … WHAT??!! Libby!! I asked you very kindly to please wash my socks yesterday, and now you're telling me you forgot to go and so my socks are still in the dirty hamper!! … What am I supposed to wear? … White socks!!! I might as well go naked!!!! Oh, what will mum think of me!? … … … But- … Fine. … Bye Dear.\" \"Gotta wear your white socks, huh?\" Daphne asked after finishing her sandwich \"Yup. Aren't you getting dressed for the airport?\" Henry looked to his daughter's outfit. She was wearing navy blue DKNY jeans and a purple tank top. \"Well, of course. All I have to do is change this top. I'm thinking about wearing a halter top.\" \"Ok. Could you do that now?\" \"Ah, alright…\" And she went to her bedroom to change. It all took about 20 minutes for Daphne to finish getting dressed. She came out wearing the same jeans but instead of a tank top, it was a retro polka-dot halter top. One of her favorites! \"Don't I look ah-dorable?!\" She did a model pose for Henry \"Yeah sure. Let's go!\" He grabbed the keys and went out of the door. Daphne followed. The door got locked and it was to the car! They both got in and they were gone to the airport. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- dAphANe wuz HERE ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- They had to wait for about an hour to get to the ground transportation area where everybody waits for the passengers to come out. Daphne and Henry got a good spot near the front of the gate. They were able to see plenty! They were watching so intently on the passengers that were coming out of the door way. Daphne was fascinated by the diversity. So many different ethnicities; English, German, African, French, Chinese, Indian, Spanish… all kinds of people were around them! She couldn't wait to see her precious Ian again. Her Ian. Her boyfriend Ian. They had met roughly a year ago in London when Daphne went there to find her long lost father Lord Henry Dashwood. She first met him in a motel which was where he worked as one of many day jobs. How he had helped her, taught her, cared for her, it was all too sweet. The sweetest thing any boy had ever, ever done for dear Daphne. She wants to see him. She seriously can't wait. Oh, and she's excited about her Grandmother coming too! \"Where are they?\" She asked Henry standing right beside her \"I don't know. I believe their flight has already landed. At least that's what it says on the screen over there.\" He signaled toward the big TV screen showing flight arrivals. \"Yeah it says they've landed, but I don't see them!\" Just then a handsome young man, hair spiked up to perfection, with an elderly woman clutching his arm ever so gently came walking out the door way and searched the crowd for Henry and Daphne. Daphne searched the new group of people that just came out of the door way. Searching the crowd, she locks eyes with that young man. She immediately melts and is taken into a different world of peace and love by those mesmerizing eyes. Eyes she knows too well to ever forget. Ian. Ian and Daphne's Grandmother walk over in their direction. Henry and Daphne walk around the gate and people to get to Ian and Grandmother. Ian and Daphne never letting their gaze down. Once they all reach each other, Daphne runs into Ian's arms first. She kisses him full on the lips so warmly that Ian is blown away by it all happening so fast. Their kiss is over and tears are now in Daphne's eyes. She lets go and rushes to greet her Grandmother who was hugging Henry. Henry goes over to shake Ian's hand. Daphne kisses her and hugs her tight. This moment was beautiful… think about how much better it will be when Ian announces his big news to everybody!!! R&R;[Chapter 3] A little note before you read the chapter: Oxford University is in England. That's something I learned last week! ( thankz rhapsodyflower!! ) So I was confused. Should I change the name of the University, or shouldn't I? I was about to, but then in the end decided that I'm leaving everything the way it already is. So let's just make believe that there's an Oxford in New York, somewhere. Ok? Alright? Great Daphne kept on noticing a certain twinkle in Ian's eyes during the car ride home. Obviously there was something important on his mind. Daphne just smiled and turned to look out the window. Ian looked at Daphne. Does she know what's on my mind? , he thought. It's Daphne, she's far from being a mind reader. Henry stopped at a red light near an intersection. \"Ooo, hot dog stand!!! Henry, stop the car!! I have to get a hot dog!\" Daphne exclaimed Henry eyed Daphne \"A hot dog??!! We're almost home and you want to get a hot dog?!\" \"Yes. Maybe Grandma and Ian want one too.\" \"Well, actually I'm good. I'll pass on the hot dog.\" Ian replied \"You see. Thank you, Ian. Now let's get home.\" Henry said \"Oh Henry, let the girl buy a hot dog.\" Grandmother said \"But mother – \" Henry began \"Don't you but me! Now park the car. There's a free parking space…\" Grandmother pointed to a free space a few feet in front of them \"Oh fine.\" Henry said in defeat. He went and parked the car in that space. After, Daphne jumped out of the car. \"Oh dunkie, get me a large one with some relish and ketchup.\" Grandmother called out of the open window. \"Kay!\" And Daphne went Ian watched Daphne walk straight to the hot dog stand. He admired her so much. After months of not seeing her, he could watch her as much as he wanted to. Their cyber conversations were nice, but there just wasn't that certain click, that connection between boyfriend and girlfriend whenever they talked with each other or walked with each other or kissed each other. That brought him back to the kiss Daphne and him shared at the airport. How sincere it was. How thoughtful it was. How, how HOT it was. That made Ian chuckle. Daphne walked back with two hot dogs wrapped in paper. She handed the bigger looking one to Grandmother. \"Here you go Grandma.\" Daphne smiled to her \"Why thank you dear.\" And Grandmother gave a wink back to Daphne Daphne got in the back and Henry took off again. \"So, you're on spring break, huh?\" Ian asked Daphne \"Yeah, two weeks off to do whatever we want! It's awesome.\" Daphne was holding on to her hot dog. Why wasn't she eating it? \"Hey Daph, how come you're not eating your hot dog?\" \"I'm saving it, duh.\" \"Saving it for whom, might I ask?\" \"Whom?! Who uses that word?\" She giggle-smiled at him \"Proper English speakers, that's who. Now who's the hot dog for?\" She rolled her eyes. \"You and me. Oh, excuse me, I meant You and I .\" She said 'You and I' in an English accent. Mocking Ian. Ian lightly punched her forearm. Then Daphne punched him back harder. That made Ian go, \"Ow!!\" out loud. \"What's going on?!\" Henry asked looking through the mirror. \"Nothing.\" They both said in unison. Then they giggled to each other. How cute?!! The gang finally reached China Town. Henry pulled into the apartment parking lot. He parked, everyone got out, Henry and Ian took out the suitcases (which were only three for Grandmother and 2 for Ian), and locked. Henry carried two of his mother's bags. Grandmother wheeled the rolley one. Daphne carried one of Ian's bags and Ian carried the other. They headed straight for the building. Henry whispered to his mother who was walking right beside him. \"Mother, I can't believe you ate that entire thing!! I didn't even know you knew what a hot dog was!\" \"Ah, my dear boy, there are many things you have yet to know about your own mother. Things you might soon find out.\" She said then walked along hurriedly. Awww, Ian and Daphne are holding hands, that is so adorable!!! Henry unlocked their apartment door. Libby was inside waiting for them on the big living room couch, while reading Vogue . Everyone got in. \"We're here!!\" Henry shouted once he managed to get in. \"Right here, sweetie!!\" Libby raised her hand in the air. She went to help Henry with the bags. That's when she saw Ian. \"Ian!!?? Wow!! It's so great to see you again!\" Libby hugged him. \"Someone here has been so excited to see you again that she's been thinking of becoming a musician herself. Ain't that right, Miss Reynolds?\" Libby hugged Daphne and kissed her on the cheek. \"Mom, can you shut up about that?!\" Daphne eyeballed her mom seriously. \"Oh, sorry dear.\" Libby apoligized \"Wait, you wanted to become a musician?! I can't see you as a musician to tell you the truth. More of a model…\" Ian looked at Daphne's perfect model body. Daphne looked into his eyes and showed a toothy smile. It was true. Her perfectly thin body, clear porcelain skin, perfect, pearly Hollywood smile, and her beautiful straight brownish hair were enough to make any guy fall head over heels for her. Ian sure did. Libby smiled her famous toothy smile at the two of them. It was good to have them together again! \"Are you wearing white socks with a perfectly good suit like this Henry???!!!\" Grandmother exclaimed. \"Why, you ought to have gone naked!!\" Daphne giggled.[Chapter 4] The hot dog was on the kitchen counter. Daphne showed Ian and Grandmother around the apartment. Daphne especially showed Ian her mom's \"work room\", as Libby calls it. Once Ian saw an almost original, yet much copied, 1963 'Red Special' guitar, he felt like he fell in love… again! He grabbed the guitar, plugged it into the amplifier, found a soft stool, and then started playing some riffs. Daphne sat on a chair next to him. That brought Daphne back to the first time she heard Ian sing, it was at a coming out party for the twins Peach and Pear. Ian was there playing a gig with some band… day job. And during the party, Daphne accidentally caused their expensive, inherited chandelier to fall and break into millions of pretty glass pieces. But, heck, everyone had an awesomely, devastating time at that party! \"You haven't changed a bit!\" Daphne laughed Ian got back to reality and smiled at her. \"Well, you're not too different either! Just the same old Daphne I've always known and loved.\" Ian and Daphne smiled silently to each other. Ian thought the moment was a bit awkward. \"How come you're so quiet, Daph?\" \"Dunno.\" She said innocently. \"It's just so great to see you again… but…\" Daphne didn't finish her thought. Ian eyed her. \"But what?\" \"But you're not here to stay forever with me. You're gonna have to go back. Then it's online chatting, which doesn't feel the same as like now. It's a long distance relationship we can't keep up forever. Who knows, we might even meet other people while we're apart!! What then? Our relationship is screwed!!\" Meet other people?!! What was Daphne saying? Does she like someone else in Oxford!?! Is that what she's implying? \"What, Daph? Are you saying you like or are attracted to someone else in Oxford?!\" Ian asked troublingly \"WHAT??!! Ian, no! No, no, no, no, no!!!!\" Daphne shook her head in major disagreement. \"Oh, umm, all righty then…\" Ian went back to the 'Red Special' Daphne bit the inside of her cheek. She does that whenever she doesn't know what to do next or when she's anxious. Ian hummed a melody of some song Daphne never heard before. Must be some popular English indie-rock band's song; Ian's listens to that kinda stuff. Daphne's always thought it's what makes him total English hotness, well that and his day jobs, his hair, his smile, and his motorcycle!! Oh yeah that motorcycle… That brought Daphne back to memories of riding on the back of Ian's motorcycle. The best was when Henry and her rode to a local park on Ian's bike. Henry only borrowed it, he and Daphne were being chased by reporters and photographers; it was after Daphne had pushed some snobby English jerk into a lake at some outdoor banquet party or whatever. When you were the long lost daughter of a major English politician, reporters and photographers were everywhere you were, watching your every move. No wonder Henry quit the political life! \"Come on, let's go to the park.\" Daphne grabbed Ian's arm and he got up, leaving the 'Red Special' on the stool. She started dragging him out of the room. \"Daphne, let go! I think I'm big enough to walk by myself, thank you.\" He teased Daphne rolled her eyes and giggled. \"Fine. Get outside the apartment door, I have to get something. Kay?\" \"Kay. But what's with the random change in mood?\" Ian raised an eyebrow and Daphne went straight to the kitchen. Ian just sighed and left. The hot dog was still on the counter right where she left it. Daphne then took out two Coke bottles from the fridge and placed them next to the hot dog. She found a nice, empty brown bag and placed everything in it. She walked out the door… \"Daphne, dear, where are you off to?\" Grandmother asked \"Oh, Grandma, Ian and I are just going on a little stroll through the park. Where are Mom and Henry?\" \"They're getting ready to go out.\" \"Out?\" \"Yes, they're taking me to some shopping complex.\" \"Oh, you must mean the Victorian Shopping Center.\" \"Yes, yes, that's the one. Nice name, nice and authentic. Don't you agree dunkie?\" Daphne smiled. \"Of course Grandma. It's authentic alright!\" --------Daphne heard Henry's faint voice coming from her parents' room. \"Libby, did you clean my socks today?\"-------- Daphne sucked in her smile Daphne gave Grandmother a quick hug, and went out the door. Ian was there, of course. Daphne took his arm and they started running down the hallway. \"Whoa, whoa, slow down. I'm fragile.\" He said, slowing down first. \"Sorry. Just thought it was kinda fun.\" \"Is that what you call fun? What do you call stupid then?\" \"Well aren't we obnoxious today?\" \" We aren't. Only I am. I would never want you to go spoiled. Heck, you almost ended up being a debutant princess.\" Daphne smacked him playfully. Ian chuckled back. They held hands again. They got outside the building. Daphne pointed in the direction of the park. They headed straight toward there. Then about 10 minutes later, Ian and Daphne got to the park. They found a nice bench and sat. Daphne reached into the brown bag and pulled out a Coke and handed it to Ian. \"Here you go.\" She said sweetly. Ian took it. And Daphne got her own Coke. Ian fished in his jacket for his pocket bottle-opener. He got it, he popped his lid first (the Coke lid people) and then did Daphne's for her. \"Wait, let's make a toast.\" Daphne announced Ian nodded \"Here's to, to…\" \"To a new chapter in our relationship.\" Ian finished for her \"A new chapter? Ok, sure.\" \"Cheers!\" They tapped their bottles together. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (That wasn't a very sexy toast…) -a dAphANe thought ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Daphne took out the hot dog. Ian saw it. \"Ah, the all wondrous hot dog! How it has risen again!\" Ian joked \"You're so not funny!\" Ian rolled his eyes. Daphne unwrapped the paper around the hot dog. \"Look at how hot it looks!\" Ian looked and his eyebrows shot up! \"Daphne, it's so COOL!\" \"I know right?! That was the best hot dog vendor I've ever been to! You should see what he could do with pickles!\" 'Ian and Daphne' were written in script on the hot dog. The letters had a mustard border around them. It was cool! Daphne and Ian both took a bite out of opposite ends of the hot dog. That is so CUTE! \"Mmm, delicious. I've never had one of these before.\" Ian said. Mustard and ketchup were all over his mouth! \"Don't you love it?!\" Daphne asked. Ketchup and mustard were on her too! \"Yes I do.\" Ian looked directly into Daphne's eyes romantically. Daphne looked at his eyes too. They leaned in closer to each other. Closer, closer… Their lips met and it was the sweetest mustard-ketchup lip lock ever!!! Then at after 11p.m., Daphne was in her room, which she had to now share with Grandmother, writing in her journal on her bed. Grandmother took some sleeping pills and fell asleep. Ian though was still awake, lying on the pull out couch bed in the living room. Today was an okay, awesome, cute, hot, sexy, unsexy, beautiful, romantic, weird day. I felt so free and happy once I saw Ian at the airport. Then that kiss we had, that was romantic and hot!! I loved it!! I never wanted that moment to end. I bought the coolest hot dog today! I got the vendor to write Ian and Daphne in script on a hot dog in ketchup, with mustard bordering. Ian loved it. Our mustardy, ketchupy kiss at the park was so sexy and messy! Ian asked why I'm more quiet than usual. This is so unlike me… I told him the truth that it was the fear of not keeping this relationship for much longer. Then he asked me if I like someone else in Oxford. Which I sooo do not!! Ian also made a pretty unsexy toast during our little park picnic. He made it out to a 'new chapter in our relationship'. It's an ok toast, I guess… CHeeRZ!! xx dAphANe[Chapter 5] Do you hear it??? Do you?!! Do you hear it ??? C'mon, you do right?? I'm not like going crazy… Do you? Do you? Do you?????? The pretty music? The kind that plays when people are just waking up in the morning?? You heard it right? It's playing as I speak!!!! Right?? … Oh forget it!! Getting back to the story now… \"Rise and Shine pee-o-ple!!\" Daphne got up early that morning and went around the house waking everyone up. She got to her parents room. \"Morning Mommy!!!! Morning Hen-ry!!!\" She yelled. Henry and Libby moaned and groaned and tried to stay under the covers. Daphne opened up their big window and sunlight burst into the room. \"Close the blinds! It's too bright…\" Libby whined \"Ohhh, well too bad.\" Daphne mocked her. Henry was snoring peacefully, ignoring the entire hullabaloo. Then Daphne pulled the covers right off the bed. Henry was still sleeping. Libby however, was fully awake now. \"What can I say? He sleeps like a baby in the morning. But when it's time to go to sleep, he's up watching some soap on channel 11. Last night was the two hour season finale. He was up until 2.\" Libby said. She let out a nice long yawn and stretched. \"Wow…\" Was all Daphne could say. Libby stood up, arms folded across her chest. \"Well, I'm going to take my shower now.\" Libby said, breaking the silence. \"Yeah, bye.\" With that, Daphne left the room. She arrived at the pull out bed where our bashful little Ian was in a deep slumber. Awww , Daphne thought, look at how cute he looks when he's asleep?! \"WAKE UP, WAKE UP, WAKE UP!!!!!!\" Daphne shook Ian back and forth while yelling, and yelling, and yelling…. \"DAMNIT, I'M AWAKE!!!\" Ian shot up in bed and yelled back. \"Oh, sorry…\" Daphne apologized sarcastically. She sat on the bed. Ian stretched out his arms and yawned. \"So what are we doing today?\" He asked sitting up. \"Well… today, I'm thinking about going over to the Kraiz Café to grab some yummy breakfast. Then we take the bus over to Freidman's Auto Repair shop. Then –\" Ian raised an eyebrow and interrupted. \"Wait, why do you have to go to an auto repair shop?\" \"To pick up my car, duh!!! It had some engine problems, but they gave me a call last week saying I should come by today to take it home.\" \"Oh, well okay. Continue.\" Daphne pretended to clear her voice and continued. \"Then we drive around our New York area in the car. That should be fun! Ooo, I know a great place where they sell the best cannolis!!!\" \"Cannolis??!! I love those, they're really good!\" \"I know right?! Anyway, then we could go to the mall, just to shop and stuff. Then I say we go over to the Blockbusters near here and rent Date Movie on DVD. Then we buy like popcorn, chips, and candy from the Stop&Shop.; Then we come back here to just drop off our groceries. Then we leave straight for Jannie's place. Jannie and Keelan are gonna be waiting for us in front of Jannie's building. –\" Ian interrupted again… \"Who are Jannie and Keelan?\" \"My friends.\" Daphne replied then continued. \"So yeah, we pick them up. Then we go mini-golfing!! It'll be fun! They've been dying to meet you! Then after mini-golfing, we all go have dinner at the best Chinese restaurant in all of China Town, New York, Lulu Lyn!\" \"Lulu Lyn??\" Ian said \"Yeah, the owners are sisters. One's name is Lulu and the other's Lyn. Yeah, it's fun there, and the food's awesome!\" \"Ah huh.\" \"Mmm hmm.\" Daphne nodded. \"Wow, so you've had this whole day planned out just like that?!\" He asked \"No. Jannie called me this morning and told me that we have dinner plans with her and Keelan, so then I just came up with this whole plan for today. Oh, I forgot to mention what we do after dinner.\" \"Uh, go home?\" \"Well yes. But we get to watch Date Movie late at night with snacks and all cuddled up and everything… Oh, it'll be so romantic and funny!!!\" Ian chuckled. \"Well what a great way to end a perfect day!\" \"Totally!\" Daphne stood up. \"Well, better get ready! See ya, hun!\" She walked to the bathroom. \"Yeah, see ya… hun!\" Ian called back. Daphne turned her head and chuckled. Daphne reached out to turn the doorknob on the bathroom door, but it was locked. So she politely knocked on the door. \"Hello, anyone in there?\" she called out. She didn't want it to be happening again! One morning the bathroom door was locked from the inside and no one could get in, Libby had to call a locksmith (that charged like over $100 to open one simple door!!!). And Daphne really HAD to go pee that morning!! \"It's me dearie. I'll be out in a jiff.\" Grandmother called back. \"Okay, Grandma!\" Ian walked over to Daph and slapped her on the butt. Daphne turned around and slapped him on his stomach. \"Wow, didn't notice your pajamas there, Daphne…\" Ian snickered. She was wearing her favorite Barney/Elmo/Blues Clues/Teletubbies pajama bottoms. \"What?! Ya got something against my homies on my pj's?\" Daphne and Ian burst out laughing at the same time! Just then, Grandmother stepped out of the bathroom. \"What's so funny?\" she asked Ian and Daphne looked at each other for a spilt second. \"Nothing.\" They said together Grandmother shrugged and headed for the kitchen. \"Bye-Bye…\" Daphne started for the bathroom. \"Daph, could I please just go first? I'll be done before you. I have to go badly!\" Ian held his crotch for emphasis. Daphne crinkled her brows. \"Eww, TMI!\" Daphne shut the bathroom door as she got in. Ian banged on the door. Curse this apartment for only having one stinkin' bathroom! \"Daphne, that's unfair!\" \"What's unfair is fair!\" She yelled through the door. Ian banged louder and louder… Daphne couldn't start her morning having her boyfriend acting like a three year old! She wouldn't get to cleanse her pores in peace! So she opened the door. \"Alright, sheesh, you can brush your freakin' teeth with me. Just quit acting like you belong in a play pen!\" Ian sneered in victory! Daphne rolled her eyes… So the two brushed their teeth in semi-peace. They kept on pinching, nudging, poking, and slapping each other jokingly. Giggling all the while. After their morning routines, they got dressed. Ian rocked a regular Blue tee shirt, Diesel Jeans, a London track jacket, and red Converse sneakers. So simple… but hot. Daphne pulled off a v-neck aqua babydoll shirt, with dark navy jean Bermudas, sparkly red flats, and accessories galore. Awsm! \"Wow, you look fantastic!\" Ian said to Daphne while they were outside Daphne's building. They were walking to the Kraiz Café which wasn't too far from the apartment building. \"Thank you! And you look… good…\" Daphne giggled Ian eyed her. \"Daphne!?\" \"Fine, you look awesome. Awesomely awesome. How's that for ya?\" ...she totally meant it! Ian smacked her ass… In public! \"How's that for ya?\" He mocked. Turns out an eight year old was walking behind them, and saw. Daphne gasped. \"How could you?!!\" She flicked his ear. \"Oh, would you like me to show you again?\" She pointed her index finger straight at his face. \"Don't even think about it mister!\" They giggled along until they reached the café. Once inside, they both sat on counter stools. Daphne ordered an onion bagel with cream cheese, a frappucino, and a croissant then Ian had a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich, a hashbrown, and a cinnamon flavored latte. They also took two scones to go. \"Eww, onion breath! Luckily, I've got Doublemint!!\" Daphne said enthusiastically then she reached into her handbag and took out a piece of gum. \"Yum!\" \"Hey, what about me? I've got bacon breath!\" Daphne handed him a piece too. \"Thanks.\" They walked to the nearest bus stop and sat on the bench. Ian took out his iPod and Daphne took out hers. He came down to the song \"Dani California\". Daphne was listening to \"I'm like a Bird\". Daphne started swaying her head and mouthing the words to the song. Ian just sat there and listened. All of a sudden, they looked to each other then asked, \"Trade?\" And they smiled. Ian handed the left earphone to Daphne and she handed her left one to him. They sat close together, listening to each others' songs. Three words to say here, ah dor ahble ! \"Hey Daph…\" Ian started. Daphne was too caught up with the songs, that she couldn't hear him. \"Daphne…\" Ian poked her on the side of her stomach. \"Hmm?\" She answered \"I forgot to…\" He took one of the earphones out of her ears. \"Hey, I'm a song short!\" \"Too bad. I wanted to ask you something before the rest of the day goes by.\" Daphne told him to continue. \"Well, is this Date Movie a real movie, or is it just a figure of speech?\" She gave him the oh-wow-your-so-incredibly-stupid-look in a cute and funny way.[Chapter 6] ' Not all good things come in good looking packages. ' Daphne furrowed her brows after she read the line which was advertising Trojan condoms or something on the side of the public bus. The advertisement was a teenaged girl making flirty faces to a hot guy who was looking her way. Oh wow , she thought, some corny ad to get teens to use condoms so they won't get HIV, blah, blah, blah. Every teenager heard that like a zillion times before! Even though she hasn't had it yet, she knew to use a condom whenever she was planning to have it … Has Ian been thinking about it too? , she thought. I have been sort of, not really thinking about it … Oh forget it!!! \"Hey Daph, is this our bus?\" Ian asked while pointing to the same bus Daphne was staring at. \"Huh? Uh huh, yeah.\" She replied then she put her iPod away and stood up to go. Ian was standing up too. \"Are you alright?\" He touched her shoulder in a concerned way. \"What'd ya think? Course I'm alright! Now let's get going!\" She grabbed his arm walked toward the open bus door, but glanced ever so quickly at the condom ad. She reread those words: ' Not all good things come in good looking packages. ' Ian saw her read the ad. So he did too. A condom ad? Daphne can't be serious about the words posted by some condom making company to encourage teenagers to wear condoms when doing it . Wait, if this ad is directed toward teenagers… then what about for like an eighteen year old like him? Is he slow? Going to college… Daphne's college, well University. Tell Daph about Oxford, NOW! he thought. They got were already on the bus. Daphne paid for her and Ian, so they already got good seats towards the front of the bus. Only about 3 seconds after they sat down Ian blurted, \"Daphne, I've got something seriously awesome to tell you!!!\" \"Wow, I've never seen you so pumped like this… What is it??!!\" \"Get ready…\" He paused for dramatic effect. \"I've transferred myself into Oxford University!! So I get to spend the rest of my college years with you right here in New York!!!\" Ian closed his eyes and waited for everything he just said to soak into Daphne's ears… then it'll be the fireworks! \"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!\" Daphne screamed the most highest high pitch scream on the very tops of her lungs!! … And ouch , did that hurt!!! The Scream lasted for about 15 seconds, oh the 15 seconds of pure torture!! Never have this girl sing opera!!!! \"Attention fellow New York bus commuters, this is the driver of this bus speaking. I'm here to tell you all to please DON'T scream while on a public bus, for it might break some peoples' hearing aids.\" The bus driver said all airplane-pilot like. The 50 or so driver tried seeing if his hearing aid was working again. No such luck… Now Daphne's face was entirely red and her eyes were filled with tears of both joy and the pain of screaming. She fell into Ian's arms so dramatically. I think this moment came out of an opera! The drama, the passion, that, that SCREAM! No, but you had to be there to see how melodramatic it all was!!!!! Ian and Daphne laughed then Daphne whispered, \"That is toooo kewl!\" And so they giggled some more. Then came the moment we've all been waiting for… the sweet, passionate, soft, and memorable kiss. Ahhh, the serenity… but I think I have permanent ear damage now. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (I need a glass of water and some throat lozanges...) -dAphANe IZ sore world's smallest violin playing ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ","Summary":" \"Thenend is not over, it's starting over again and again and again andnagain NanNa Na Na Na – Na N"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Love Moves Silently","Author":"The Avid Musician","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6335273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: not mine. Chapter One Midday. A time when the social networks of the city are in full swing. But not here. A woman sat in a large library, reading a book. She did not look to be a proper lady. She wore trousers, a shirt, a waistcoat, and a belt which held a sword. She wore no dress, corset, stockings, chemise, or any of the other proper garments that a lady should wear. The door opened, but she continued to read. Someone walked in, their footsteps betraying their position. The door was shut seconds later, followed by a slight click as it was locked. The footsteps continued, getting steadily closer to the woman. Still, the woman continued to read. No glance was spared for the newcomer. \"Still using my library, I see,\" a male voice said amiably. Finally, the woman looked up. A man stood over her wearing a lordly suit. His eyes and hair were black, and his face tan. He was tall and muscular, though not overly so. He was handsome, but not immensely so. He was elegant, even if his hair was a bit of a mess. \"Your library has always had a greater selection than mine, Nelson. You cannot expect a change in that simply because you are not in it,\" she said, her equally black eyes sparkling. \"Very true, Johanna. Here is the real question: have you been practicing?\" Nelson asked, smiling. \"Of course. I wanted to be prepared for your return,\" she said, standing. A second later, she drew her sword smoothly and settled into a ready stance. \"I may have been gone, but I am not out of practice,\" Nelson said with a smirk as he drew his own sword. As soon as he was done talking, he charged forward, attacking in a flurry of movement. She defended against all of his strikes. After a few seconds like that, he stopped attacking and stepped back. \"Very good,\" he said. He waited a second while she caught her breath. Before he could attack again, she lunged forward. She attacked in a flurry. Despite that, he soon overtook her. Before he could disarm her, she jumped back onto the table. A second later, the table stood between them. That did not last long. Rathbone followed her quickly and attacked again, not holding back in the least anymore. Finally, she was more agile than him, but he still won out in brute strength and skill. After almost half an hour, he finally trapped her against a bookshelf. Their blades were interlocked above their heads. She tried for several seconds to push him away, but he was stronger by far than her. Soon, the pressure of her blade against his abated. Only then did he take a hand away from his hilt. He touched the tip of her nose lightly with his finger and said fondly, \"You've improved.\" As he broke away and sheathed his sword, she smiled at him and said, \"Thank you, and welcome back.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Two men, a blonde American and a chinaman, sat in a cell of Scotland yard. \"Roy, calm down,\" the Chinaman said. After a bit of pacing, Roy sat. It was then that he heard footsteps. \"Wait. Someone's coming,\" he whispered. \"Roy, let me handle this,\" the Chinaman, Chon Wang, said. \"I'm gonna handle this. Okay? The English aren't like you. They don't get all emotional and touchy-feely. Do me a favour, park the Kung Fu. Let me do the talking,\" Roy said, providing a sound reason for exasperation for Chon. The door to the cell opened, admitting a tweed suited, ordinary-looking man. Almost immediately, he spread his hands and said enthusiastically, \"Come here. Let me give you a hug.\" Even as he spoke, he hugged the upper bodies of Roy and Chon to him. Both recipients were confused by this. Once he had let them go, the man said happily, \"I've been after that Fleet Street gang for two years! Then you two come along and bring them down in a single afternoon. Brilliant!\" Next, the man pulled out a golden pocket watch from his pocket. Almost instantly, Roy said, \"Oh, that's my watch.\" He held out his hand and took it from the stranger. \"Yes. A street urchin turned it in,\" the man said. \"Little punk better not have scuffed it,\" Roy said, examining it closely. \"I do hope your luck picks up,\" the man said. \"What do you mean, my luck?\" Roy asked, looking up from his watch. \"Well, I deduced from your watch that you've hit rather a rough patch,\" the man said simply. \"He has! How do you know?\" Chon asked, astonished. \"It's an investigative technique I've developed. I can deduce intimate details about an individual through a close scrutiny of their personal effects,\" the man explained. Chon took the watch from Roy's hands and offered it back to the man asking eagerly, \"What else can you tell?\" The man took the watch again. After a second of examination, he said, \"He has a penchant for loose women.\" \"Wow. That's amazing,\" Chon said pointedly to Roy. \"Just to set the record straight, Roy O'Bannon is not attracted to lose women. Loose women are attracted to me,\" Roy insisted. \"You're Roy O'Bannon?\" the man asked eagerly. \"Yeah,\" Roy said. \"The famous Western folk hero?\" he continued eagerly. \"Have you heard of me?\" Roy asked. \"Have I heard of you? I've only read Roy O'Bannon vs. The Mummy five times. It's fascinating!\" Doyle exclaimed excitedly. \"I want you to meet the Shanghai Kid,\" Roy added, jabbing in return for the 'loose women' comment. \"Oh, yes. The faithful, Chinese sidekick,\" Doyle said happily. \"I'm not a sidekick. Those stories are all lies,\" Chon said, trying to correct the misconception. \"Come on, don't be bitter. I can't help what Sage McCallister writes,\" Roy insisted. \"If there is anything I can do, I'm at your service,\" Doyle offered. \"We're looking for my sister. She's staying at this address,\" Chon said, handing him a piece of paper. \"Can you take us there?\" \"Oh, dear. I think you'd better come with me,\" the man said, concerned. He led them out of the cell and down a hallway. Even as they were walking, a woman in an expensive, green dress walked up to the door of the cell and said, \"Hello, Arthur. Lestrade said you had an 'interesting afternoon'. Would you care to explain what he meant?\" \"Oh, yes. It's brilliant! These two men took down the Fleet Street gang in a fight!\" Arthur said eagerly. Roy interrupted then by asking, \"Who's this beautiful lady?\" The woman turned, seemingly noticing the two men for the first time. The blonde man very nearly leered while the Chinaman stared. \"Ah! Gentlemen, this is My Lady the Marchioness Irene Johanna Paulet of Winchester,\" Doyle introduced. He then turned to her and said, \"Johanna, this is Roy O'Bannon!\" \"The book character you've been obsessing over?\" she asked. \"I haven't been obsessing!\" he insisted. \"Don't deny it, Doyle. You've been obsessed since you found that book!\" the Lady said forcefully. \"Oh, how is Lord Rathbone taking it?\" he asked, just remembering to ask. \"Actually, he rarely mentions it. He's had other matters to occupy himself since he returned,\" she said. \"Really? That's why everyone here admires him so much!\" Doyle said. \"I actually came to see le mendiant soupçonné d'assassiner . Which is his cell?\" ( the beggar suspected of murder ) she said. ( Ref. \"The Man with the Twisted Lip\") \"The next on the left is his,\" he said as he walked over to that particular door and unlocked it for her. \" Merci beaucoup ,\" Johanna said as she opened the door and walked inside. Once the door was closed, Doyle looked after it for a second, smiling. He then turned to the two men and said, \"She comes here the most of any noblewoman in England.\" \"Doesn't she live out in Scar-burrow or wherever?\" Roy asked ignorantly. \"Actually, she lives in London. Her earldom has been relatively quiet since she took control about three years ago, when she turned 21, of course. Then again, Lord Rathbone was the regent for her lands until she came of age.\" \"My sister,\" Chon said, recalling the inspector to his previous purpose. \"Right,\" Doyle said, guiding them to another cell. At the door, he opened the sliding window and looked inside. Chon pushed him out of the way and peered inside. It appeared that she was sleeping. The Chinaman stepped away so that Doyle could open the door. Chon hurried inside and knelt at the bedside. \"Lin,\" he whispered. Roy knelt by his side. Chon flipped off the top portion of the blanket. All that was underneath was a pillow. Unknown to them, she had just dropped down from the ceiling. She quickly kicked Doyle in the face and turned to do the same to Roy. However, Chon grabbed her foot just in time, allowing Roy to stare at her. \"Lin,\" Chon said happily as he let go of her ankle. \"Wang?\" she asked, not quite believing her eyes. A second later, they smiled and hugged. \"If you don't mind, I'll just wait outside,\" Doyle said as he rubbed his jaw. \"Introduce me,\" Roy whispered as the siblings broke apart. \"Oh, this is Lin, my baby sister,\" Chon said, putting his hand on top of his sister's head. Lin pushed his hand off her head and said in Chinese, \" I am not a baby.\" \"Roy O'Bannon,\" Roy said, \"Pleasure...You never told me your sister was such...beautiful lotus blossom.\" Chon, being a protective older brother, changed the topic instantly and asked, \"Why are you in jail?\" \"I followed the man who murdered Father,\" she said simply. \"And?\" Chon asked. \"I found out where he lived. I snuck inside his house, and tried to kill him,\" Lin said as though it was nothing. \"It's my duty to find Father's killer!\" Chon said angrily. \"No! It is mine!\" she insisted. \"I'm the one who promised Father.\" \"But I'm his only son,\" he insisted. \"But you abandoned us for America. Father said he had no son,\" she said. \"What?\" Chon asked, aghast. \"Wo, wo, wo. Time out. Come here,\" Roy said, turning Chon around. \"The detective's a fan. Why don't I play the celebrity card, and we'll get 'er out that way. Okay? Come on.\" With that, they had a plan. They turned around to face Lin again. Chon said confidently, \"Don't worry. I'll get you out.\" After that, they left the cell. Doyle led them to the office. He handed them a newspaper from the day after she was arrested and then sat down opposite them. \"Right. She tried to assassinate Lord Rathbone, Johanna's friend, actually, whilst he was taking afternoon tea. He's tenth in line to the throne, her Majesty's favourite cousin, and the finest swordsman in England. So, of course, the press had a field day. The story actually knocked Jack the Ripper off the front page,\" Doyle said, explaining the events more fully. \"Artie, Lin is not a killer,\" Roy insisted. \"She's just a really, really, really hot...confused Chinese girl. Maybe if I agreed to sign a few autographs and talk to some of my fans here in England...do some type of charity event, can we get her out that way?\" \"I'm afraid that's out of the question,\" Doyle said regretfully. \"What will happen to my sister?\" Chon asked. \"She'll go to trial, probably be locked away in an institution for the criminally insane. The tabloids have already dubbed her \"Loony Lin.\" I thought it was rather catchy...At the time,\" he said, awkwardly at times. \"Wait...that woman...she'll know where he is!\" Chon said in sudden realization. \"Who? Johanna? She won't help you,\" She'll be gone in a few minutes, anyway,\" Doyle said. Apparently, he was used to this. Almost instantly, Chon was up out of his seat and almost as soon out of the office. He sped down the hallway and out to the front door. He got outside just in time to see Lady Johanna Paulet in a carriage, leaving.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three That night, Rathbone returned to his house late. As he handed his cane, hat, gloves, coat, and scarf to a servant, the aging man said, \"Your guest is waiting for you in the library.\" Instantly, Rathbone was frowning in confusion. \"Who?\" he asked the servant. \"Lady Paulet, of course,\" he said as though it was obvious. After all, she had been coming to that house since she was a little girl. The frown turned into a smile as Rathbone said, \"Thank you.\" Quickly, he turned and walked to his library. He opened the door and walked in to see Johanna sitting in exactly the same place as yesterday. However, he noticed two differences instantly. One, she was wearing her corset. Two, she didn't have her sword. She only ever wore a corset with her masculine clothes when she was tired, too tired to take it off. He walked over to her and pulled up a chair. He placed an arm around her shoulders. She responded by laying her head on his shoulder. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. She sighed and said, \"I...It's Lord Courtenay.\" \"Earl of Devon?\" he asked. She nodded before putting her head back down on his shoulder. \"What did he do this time?\" he asked. \"He's been telling Victoria that women shouldn't be Marchionesses,\" Johanna said. \"By his logic, her Majesty wouldn't be Queen,\" Nelson said, slipping his fingers into her black hair, which had been let down from the proper bun. \"Which is exactly what she told him,\" she said. \"What has you so upset, then?\" he asked, puzzled. \"He approached me afterwards and said my parents should have had a son instead of a daughter,\" she said, her voice blank of all emotion. Nelson turned in his chair so that he was facing her and put his other arm around her in an embrace. \"If your parents hadn't created a daughter, I would not have met you,\" he said quietly. At this, Johanna had to smile. \"Thank you,\" she said gratefully, settling into his arms. \"Now, why don't you have something to eat before you go home,\" he suggested. \"Are you trying to get rid of me, Nelson?\" she asked jokingly. \"There's the Johanna I know,\" he said, smiling as he released her.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four \"Lady Paulet,\" a voice said from behind Johanna. Instantly, she recognized it and turned to smile at her closest friend. \"Hello, Nelson. I hope your evening has been as enjoyable as mine,\" she said politely. \"I assure you, your company has always been more...stimulating,\" he said vaguely. \"I would assume so after your previous assertions,\" she pointed out before taking a sip from her champagne. \"Ah, but you forget, my dear, that I know you better than anyone, and you return those same sentiments,\" he said, smirking as he leaned closer. \"Well, aren't we in a good mood this evening. What, pray tell, has bolstered you so greatly from yesterday?\" Johanna said, teasing. \"Why, seeing you, of course,\" he threw back, though it wasn't entirely a joke. \"And seeing me precludes speaking to me, so this conversation is an additional benefit?\" Johanna asked, drawing his thinly veiled thought process. Nelson chuckled and asked, \"And if you were to honour me with a dance, this benefit would improve greatly.\" \"As you wish, my Lord,\" she said, smiling. The title was more of a joke as both knew that titles did not matter between them. Several minutes later, the dance finished and the two returned to the conversational side of the room. \"I must say, Nelson, whenever you hold a ball, you always choose the most exquisite musicians,\" Johanna commented happily. \"Such things are always appreciated,\" he answered with a slight, joking, bow. Just then, herald pounded his staff on the floor to signal for silence. He then said in a loud, clear voice, \"May I present Major General Sherlock Holmes and his Highness, the Maharajah of Nevada.\" Johanna turned back to Nelson chuckling. As everyone began to speak again, she said, \"They wore the most ridiculous garb. How could they have gotten in?\" She looked like she was going to say more, but she suddenly fell silent with a pensive look on her face. \"What is wrong?\" Nelson asked, concerned. \"I think I've seen them before,\" she said uncertainly. \"Where?\" he asked instantly. These two men were trouble, and he knew it. \"I think...no. That can't be right...\" she said speculatively, continuing to watch the new arrivals. \"Excuse me, Johanna,\" he said, bowing properly to her before leaving. She barely noticed. Nelson, ostensibly called Lord Rathbone, went over to that same Inspector Doyle from Scotland Yard. \"How are the security arrangements for this evening, Inspector?\" he asked. The inspector quickly gave his plate away to a servant and said, \"Oh, um. Everything seems to be going swimmingly, my Lord. And if I may say so, it is an honour to guard your Lordship tonight.\" As he spoke, Rathbone stood a little straighter and smiled, though the inspector could not see it as his lordship was facing away. \"I think I speak for all of us at Scotland Yard when I say that no matter how far you are from the throne, you'll always be number one in our hearts.\" At that, Rathbone frowned and looked back at the inspector oddly. Rathbone then looked away, searching the room for Johanna. He spotted her quickly thanks to her golden dress. She was walking toward the two men that had just recently arrived. This sparked his curiosity enough. After all, what would she say to them? Perhaps she could draw out the Chinaman's real identity. However, the greater question was: why did he have someone with him? The Chinaman had to be there either for the Keeper of the Imperial Seal or for Wu Chow. The question was: which one? Over at the food table, the same two men conversed quietly. \"Okay. Here's the plan: we're gonna get little chow. Then, we're gonna sneak outta here, and start lookin' for that seal,\" Roy said. \"Okay,\" Chon whispered. \"Spotted dick, sir?\" a servant from behind the table asked. \"Wha?\" Roy asked with an odd face. \"Spotted dick,\" the servant said again, continuing to smile. \"Can you believe this guy? I'm tryin' to get something to eat, he's asking me if I got the clap,\" Roy said ignorantly to Chon. \"I think he's offering you food,\" Chon said unsurely. \"Oh! Spotted dick,\" Roy said with a very evident accent. \"Oh! No. I think I'll pass. I'm not much of a dessert man. Perhaps my friend would like some spotted dick.\" He turned to Chon with his tongue curled out over his upper teeth in a most uncouth fashion. \"Might try one of these sausages, though,\" Roy said, taking a plate. A woman came up to him and said, \"That is hagas, not a sausage. It's made from sheep's bladders.\" That saved him from being even more disgusting. \"Thanks for that,\" Roy said, turning to her. His eyes widened and he turned to Chon mouthing It's her. \"Pardon me, but have we met before?\" the Lady asked, looking closely at them both. \"No,\" Chon answered quickly enough to be suspicious. Johanna raised her eyebrow dubiously. Instantly, Roy said to her, \"Wanna dance?\" \"If you insist,\" she said pointedly. He smiled to her and led her to dancing area. Almost the second those two were gone, a voice said from the other side of Chon, \"You should try the quail.\" He raised a knife and said, \"I shot them myself this morning.\" \"How do you do, your Lordship,\" Chon said, trying unsuccessfully to disguise his accent. \"Very well, thank you,\" Rathbone said, smiling at him. \"I'm not acquainted with the Nevada province, but i haven't been to India since '81,\" he said, making it quite clear that he knew Chon was an imposter. \"I spent most of my time in the Orient.\" \"I hear you've just returned from China,\" Chon said. \"You are well-informed, Maharajah,\" Rathbone said, betraying only that he knew why Chon knew of his travels. \"It is my dream that the Chinese will follow India's example and one day embrace British rule,\" Rathbone said, baiting him. \"The Chinese are very proud. They place family and honour above all else,\" Chon said, betraying himself both in knowledge and accent. \"Well, I'm sure we can break them of that,\" Rathbone said haughtily. Chon's smile faded. He glanced out to Roy, who was dancing with the Marchioness. Instantly, he felt as though Roy should have stayed so that he could dance with her. As soon as that notion came, it was shot down as resulting from the fact that she was a beautiful woman. Any man that did not admit that was blind. Rathbone quickly noticed the direction in which Chon was looking. He followed the Chinaman's gaze out to the dance floor and his lifelong friend. His lips tightened in anger that the imposter was dancing with her, with his Johanna. Yes, his. If anyone had a right to call her his, it was Rathbone. Recalling himself to his duties, Rathbone looked down at his pocket watch. He had only twenty minutes to get to the barn. \"If you'll excuse me, I have a matter to attend to,\" Rathbone said to the Chinaman. \"Until we meet again,\" Chon said, turning his attention back to the lord. Rathbone nodded to him before walking away into the crowd. Chon's expression hardened as he struggled to control himself. Anxiously, he waited for Roy to be done dancing so they could sneak out. Minutes later, the dance finished. Chon did not even wait for Roy to leave the noblewoman. He just left, knowing that his friend would follow. However, he did not know that she, too, would follow. While the two men removed their ceremonial, and fake, jackets and hats, Johanna waited, wishing quite intensely that she was wearing her training clothes and had her sword instead of being confined to a ball gown and corset.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five Chon and Roy followed Rathbone to his library, taking care that they were not seen. As they went, they hurriedly stripped off their bulky, and fake, ceremonial jackets. After literally throwing the hats haphazardly down the hall, they hurried after the lord to the door to his library. Thankfully, the door was already closed, else they would have been spotted instantly. As it was, Roy peered through the key hole. Impatiently, Chon asked, \"What do you see?\" Roy said quickly, \"He just pulled a fancy dragon key out of his desk.\" Chon gasped and whispered angrily, \"That was my father's! I must avenge his honour!\" He would have burst through the door then and there had Roy not grabbed him and said quickly, \"Easy! Easy. Slow down, Tiger. Slow down. Quit goin' all Chinese on me.\" Roy turned back to the keyhole, but before he could look Chon pulled him out of the way and pushed the doors open, walking quickly into the room. He glanced around, yet there was no sign of Lord Rathbone. \"Where is he?\" he muttered to himself. \"Damn it, Chon! Remember your puzzle box. Patience! Patience,\" Roy said, closing the doors behind him. Next, Roy looked around the room. \"Okay, there are no windows. We came in through the only doorway. Must be an explanation...Remember in Roy O'Bannon vs. The Mummy how the zombie king got away when I chased him into the pharaoh's tomb? There was a secret passageway behind the sphinx. There's gotta be a lever or a button over here.\" As he spoke, he walked over to the bookshelves on one side of the room, looking it over for any sign of a secret exit. \"Help me lift some stuff up,\" he said, beginning to move the books in the hope that one of them was the trigger. Chon looked over at him disbelievingly and slowly began to move some of the books. Roy continued with more alacrity, completely sure that his theory was correct. As they continued, Chon moved a ladder to continue searching. However, something caught his eye as he looked up. There was a painting, but its eyes looked very real, more real than any painting's. He bent down, and the eyes followed him. Quickly, Chon hurried back to Roy and said, \"Roy! The painting! It's looking at me!\" \"Oh, yeah. It looks like it's looking at me, too,\" Roy said, looking up at the painting which now had normal eyes. \"No, real eyes. Moving!\" Chon insisted. \"Oh, Chon. That kid got to you, didn't he?\" Roy said in exasperation. \"Unbelievable! We're not in a haunted house. That's a technique that artists use. Ubiquitous gaze or pursuant eye's the technical term.\" Suddenly, the door opened and the very same woman from Scotland Yard came striding into the room. The second she laid eyes upon them, her hands went to her hips and she asked in a commanding voice, \"What do you think you are doing?\" \"Oh, we were just waiting for-\" Roy began to say. \"Quiet! Do not spout some ridiculous excuse! I remember you from Scotland Yard! Why are you here?\" the lady said powerfully. Roy was about to speak again, but Chon cut him off by saying, \"Rathbone killed my father and stole the Imperial Seal of China. We need to find it and avenge my father's death.\" \"Why did you tell her, Chon?\" Roy asked, wondering how in the world he could do such a thing. \"She could help us,\" Chon said, gesturing to the lady. Meanwhile, that very same lady was pale from shock. She stood rooted to her spot as she stared at the two men. My word, they were telling the truth! How could Nelson do such a thing? As she continued down that train of thought, her feet moved of their own accord, guiding her out of the library to an empty hallway. There, she leaned against the wall as she tried to calm herself. Nelson...What have you done? After well over a minute, Johanna finally regained control of her emotions. Steeling herself against further mental or emotional breakdown, she hurried back to the library just in time to see the fireplace turn. She could see three people on the other side as they turned, but she could not tell who they were. Quickly, Johanna hurried over to the fireplace. There has to be a lever or button somewhere on this statue... After several seconds of ineffective, though modest, searching, Johanna thought, Oh, Nelson, you would do that, wouldn't you? She quickly pressed the breasts of the statue in. Silently, it turned, transporting her into a hidden room. Johanna tried desperately to not stare open mouthed at the veritable cornucopia of relics from the Orient, Africa, and parts of Europe spread about. She did not notice three familiar people walk through a hidden passage behind a golden statue of Buddha. She only noticed the difference when the statue slid back into place. Johanna hurried over to the statue. She had seen motion. It had to be here, but how to move the statue... Push. The statue glided off to the side, once more showing a very sturdily built secret passageway.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six Johanna followed the group of three through the passageway. After only about a hundred feet, the tunnel stopped abruptly. It took the Chinaman only a few seconds to notice the trap door above their heads. Carefully, he opened it and all three of them poked their heads out. Obviously seeing no one, they silently climbed out and into what appeared to be a barn. The noblewoman watched as they did this, waiting for her chance to follow. Once the trapdoor was closed, Johanna carefully lifted it up and peeked her head out. The three people she had been following were crouched down behind a set of crates, peering carefully over it to watch something. They, and now she, could hear very clearly a conversation taking place on the other side of the barn. The first Johanna heard of this conversation was Nelson saying, \"No doubt your depraved childhood made you into the man you are today.\" \"Wu Chow,\" the Chinaman whispered. It sounded like he was either surprised or shocked. Johanna could not tell as she could not see his expression. \"Wu who?\" the American...O'Bonnan asked in a whisper. The second she saw the Chinaman's hand go toward the other man's arm, she closed the trap door and pressed her ear into it. By now she was intensely interested in the goings-on here, but she was not willing to risk being discovered. \"He's the emperor's bastard brother,\" she heard the Chinese woman...Lin, was it?...say. \"He was banished from the forbidden city for trying to steal the Imperial Seal,\" the Chinaman elaborated. \"Our father caught him. He vowed to return to claim the Emperor's throne,\" Lin said. \"This guy?\" the American asked in disbelief. Johanna heard the rustling of cloth, almost like they were looking at the two men again. Carefully and very slowly, Johanna lifted the trap door again and peeked out. Sure enough, they were no longer facing her. \"You have nothing to worry about. It's all in place,\" Wu Chow said. Johanna could faintly make that out. \"That diamond's as big as a damn monkey's paw,\" the American whispered in surprise. He sounds more like a thief than a folklore hero. \"Roy, don't even think about it,\" the Chinaman warned. That's his name! Oh, and suspicion confirmed. Only now that they had stopped talking could Johanna hear the other conversation. \"So for now, our business is completed,\" Nelson- oh, Nelson. Why? - said. Quite suddenly, the Chinaman looked down beside himself. \"Where's Lin?\" he exclaimed in a whisper. Instantly, Johanna ducked down farther. Thankfully, he did not look back, or he would have spotted her instantly. The two men quickly looked back up toward the either one or two people (she wasn't sure if anyone had left). They had apparently been spotted because they ducked down instantly. Johanna took that as her cue to leave. She quickly closed the trapdoor and hurried back through the passageway to the library. As she went, she heard a gunshot which had her half tempted to return, but she knew she could not risk it. Instead, she returned to the ballroom through the library. Hopefully, no one had noticed her absence, which could serve as her alibi should one be needed. When Johanna entered the ballroom, many of the guests were already leaving. Only about half remained from the original party, and more and more were departing as their carriages were brought forward. Johanna was one of the few without a coat on, and the only one who was not waiting to get a coat. A minute later, an uproar in the fifteen or so remaining guests caught Johanna's attention. She quickly looked in the direction they were gaping only to see a very good reason for that reaction. The barn was on fire, the very barn she had left a few minutes ago. The servants immediately began to try to quench the flames. In the meantime, the police could do very little to help except make sure the remaining guests left. That left Johanna as the only remaining guest in a couple minutes. At about the same time, Nelson came back into the ballroom. Almost instantly, several policemen as well as Arthur, Inspector Doyle that is, came over to him. Arthur handed Nelson a paper with two sketches on it that Johanna just barely glimpsed before Nelson took it. There were two pictures on that paper one of Roy and one of the Chinaman. \"Yes. These are the men who attacked me,\" Nelson said, sounding very irritated. As he spoke, he folded the paper with choppy movements which spoke volumes more on his exasperation. \"I'm afraid the assailants have temporarily eluded us, My Lord,\" Arthur said as he held his hat near his chest in an unconsciously meek and defensive mannerism. \"Perhaps you could explain to me how Loony Lin managed to escape the confines of Scotland Yard under the watch of the most respected security force in the world,\" Nelson said. His irritation and anger were becoming more and more evident, travelling in leaps and bounds toward yelling. \"Yes, of course. It's absolutely fascinating. She picked the lock using a deck of rather risqué playing cards. Then, scaled the walls with a mop, a fork, and various pilfered undergarments. You've got to hand it to the Chinese. They're an awfully ingenious lot, aren't they?\" Doyle said eagerly. Three. Two. One. \"Does your incompetence know no bounds?\" Nelson exploded, they he did not yell. He shook his head angrily before walking away. His eyes were closed for a second as he walked, no doubt in an attempt to calm himself. When he opened his eyes, he almost instantly noticed Johanna. That very same second, he turned and walked to her. No. Not me, but then, why did I stay?...because I owe him that much, despite what he intends to do. \"What happened, Nelson?\" she asked gently. She knew better than to touch him right now, even if it was just his shoulder. He would react violently. \"Two men attacked me and burned down my barn,\" he said, continuing to huff. Not precisely, though vaguely correct. Nelson frowned for a second, almost as though he had just thought of something. \"Why did you stay?\" he asked. \"I know you, Nelson. When things like this happen, you need to calm down. You and I both know that you on your own have trouble with that,\" she said simply. Nelson smiled, if fleetingly, at her reason. \"You've succeeded, then,\" he said. He actually sounded calmer than before, though he was undoubtedly still angry. \"Good,\" Johanna said with a smile that always pierced his heart. \"Well, then, My Lady. Might I escort you to your carriage?\" Nelson asked formally. This had been a running joke between them because they both knew that neither of them particularly liked formalities in their relationship. \"Why, yes, My Lord. Thank you,\" Johanna returned in the same tone. With that, he took her arm and led her over to get her coat before he walked her to her carriage. Before the door was even open, Johanna smiled at him. Instantly, Nelson noticed how tentative and almost cautious her smile looked. \"What is the matter?\" he asked. Due to his scheming, he was more prone to suspicion, but there was a degree of genuine concern mixed in because, and only because, she had been his friend since childhood. \"It hardly matters. Do not worry,\" she said dismissively. \"Why don't you stay awhile and read. You and I both know you'll be back anyway,\" he suggested with a smile. I wouldn't be sure about that, not after what I saw. \"Well...\" Johanna began cautiously. \"I insist,\" he said, taking her arm again to lead her back into his estate.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven Once both of them were inside, Rathbone surreptitiously signalled ot the servants to finish cleaning up after the ball and the barn then retire. They merely nodded. Afterall, most of them had been working for the Lord long enough that they were quite used to his oddities. Now that he was sure they would not be interrupted, he led Johanna to the library. She had always seemed more relaxed in there, so perhaps she would share what was bothering her. Nelson stopped short the second the door to the library was open. He did not know about this mess. Quickly, he looked over at Johanna. She did not look surprised, which caught him completely off guard. Nelson walked over to his favourite chair and right it before turning around and casting his eyes to the floor in searh of the book he had been reading. Once he had found it, he looked up to Johanna. She was already seated in her own chair, looking very much so out of place in all her finery amidst this destruction. Only one thing bothered him about this: her face was completely blank. Normally, when she read her face pulled and twisted with the emotions of the material. She has to know. Why else would she be so nervous? Nelson looked up and just watched her while she read. She cradled the book gently in her hands while she read. His eyes travelled farther up but stopped abruptly at her shoulders. They were tense, more evidence of her discomfort. He took a breath and opened his mouth to ask her what was wrong. However, the door opened just then and inspector Doyle walked in. \"I'm terrible sorry, my Lord, but I-...Good Heavens, what happened here?\" Rathbone did not answer. He sat there looking very displeased while Johanna said, \"Arthur, perhaps you should return tomorrow.\" The man's eyebrows furrowed in confusion before shooting up as he exclaimed, \"Oh! I'm so terribly sorry.\" \"It is fine, Arthur. In fact, I'll join you in departing, \" she said as she stood and placed the book she had been reading on the chair. She walked out with the detective, trying desperately to seem calm. Nelson sighed and looked over to Johanna's empty chair- no. Her book still lay on the seat...and it was open... She never leaves her book open . He quickly stood and hurried to her book. It was open to a poem entitled \" You and I\" . My hand is lonely for your clasping, dear; My ear is tired waiting for your call. I want your strength to help, your laugh to cheer; Herat, soul, and senses need you, one and all. I droop without your full, frank sympathy; We ought to be together- you and I; We want each other so, to comprehend The dream, the hope, things planned, or seen, or wrought. Companion, comforter and guide and friend, As much as love asks love, does thought ask thought. Life is so short, so fast the lone hours fly, We ought to be together, you and I. Almost the second he finished reading the poem, Nelson took off at a dead sprint to the entrance. He ran out the front door just in time to see her carriage disappear over a hill. He was too late. She loves me...or him...if she loves him, I'll kill him! ooooooooooooo Johanna woke with a start to a call outside her door. \"My lady! My lady!\" Groggily, she stood and pulled on her dressing gown before going over to open the door. Outside stood her butler, Reginauld. \"What is it?\" she asked, barely able to keep her eyes open. \"Lord Rathbone is here to see you, my Lady.\" He knows. \"Show him to the parlour, and tell him I'll be with him shortly,\" she said before closing the door. Quickly, Johanna washed her face, hoping to wake herself up. It was somewhat effective, though not to the degree she had hoped. Either way, she descended the stairs minutes later and walked into the parlour. Inside, Nelson sat on a leather chair, fidgeting incessantly. His clothes were rumpled as though he had thrown his clothes on in a hurry to get here. Literally the second the door was closed, Nelson leapt to his feet, strode over Johanna, and grasped her wrist. A moment later, he grabbed her shoulder and demanded coldly, \"How did you find out?\" \"What do you mean? What are you doing?\" she asked quickly as she tried to pull away. \"My plan,\" he growled bluntly. \"I don't know of what you speak!\" Wham! She hit the cold floor as he spat out coldly above her, \"Liar!\" \"Nelson, what has gotten into you?\" Johanna asked, horrified. \"Do not feign ignorance! I know when you're lying!\" Silence. Johanna looked down and sighed. She had made her decision. She looked up at him sadly and said, \"The imposters at the ball...I followed them to your library...they told me everything.\" Nelson looked coldly down at her. She could easily ruin all of his plans. \"What do you intend to do now?\" Her voice was so pitiful and small, when normally it was strong and confident. Nelson's facade finally cracked. He looked down unsurely at her, unable to vocalize his thoughts. \"You don't know, do you?\" she observed, watching his face carefully. He paused for a second before admitting, \"No.\" A pause ensued. The weight of their next decisions bore heavily on them both. \"What are you going to do?\" he asked after a bit of silence. Johanna looked down again, though she did not speak yet. She had no idea what she would do. \"I cannot betray the Queen...\" she said tentatively. His eyes hardened instantly. He reached out to grab her wrist again when she quickly added, \"I cannot betray you, either.\" \"And where does that leave?\" he asked after a second. \"I believe it is called an impasse,\" she said, smiling slightly. He tried to return it, but his face fell again. Slowly, his eyes travelled to her wrist, inviting regret to course through him. \"It's all right, Nelson. Sit down and collect yourself,\" Johanna said, gesturing to the floor next to her. He laughed, so simple and pure a thing. The tension was gone. As he sat beside her, he remarked fondly, \"Always the iconoclast.\" \"Only in private,\" she corrected. Their laughter subsided, leaving a more peaceful silence in its wake. Both thought carefully, pondering what they would do about the other. Minutes later, Johanna broke the silence. \"I won't tell.\" A second later, Rathbone's eyes flicked up to her. After a brief pause, he asked, \"Would you come with me to the fireworks?\" After a mere moment of thought, Johanna smiled. \"I wouldn't have it any other way.\" \"Nor would I,\" Nelson said, unconsciously leaning closer. After a moment, he placed his hand on her cheek, though he had no idea why. She placed her hand over his, holding it there. Instantly, his eyes flicked to her already bruising wrist. Regret flooded his synapses once again, though this time he eased it by plucking her hand away and holding it lightly as he examined it. For awhile, he stroked it in silence before bringing her wrist to his lips and kissing it gently. Johanna watched his every move. He paused again and met her eyes. After only a second of hesitation, he leaned toward her, still holding her hand, and kissed her very lightly. Johanna allowed herself a second of enjoyment before snapping back to her senses and pulling away. She could not speak. She only stared, confused. After a second, she opened her mouth to speak, but he kissed her again and drew her close to him. After a few seconds, she responded. It could have been seconds, or minutes, or hours later, but Nelson pulled away. Johanna breathed heavily as she stared at the ground, refusing completely to make eye contact with him. Finally, she asked, \"What does this mean?\" Nelson gazed at her and said honestly, \"I don't know, but I've loved you for three years.\" Silence. \"...You should go...\" He left without a word for one reason and only one: he wanted her love, which he could only get if he allowed her time.[Chapter 8] Chapter Eight \"Lord Rathbone to see you, my lady.\" A pause. \"Tell him I am indisposed at present.\" Footsteps. Door close. Silence. Door open. Footsteps. \"Reginauld, I told you he is not to be allowed entrance.\" \"I'm sorry, my Lady. He insisted.\" \"What do you want Nelson?\" she asked coldly. \"Only to talk,\" he said. However, she had not heard his footsteps. He was right behind her. \"Of what can we speak? I was under the impression that there was nothing more of which we could speak,\" Johanna said coldly. \"Turn around,\" he said into her ear. She could feel his breath on her cheek, but he still did not even touch her. \"Why?\" she asked quietly. \"For me.\" \"I have hidden your plan. Why should I do more for you?\" \"Because I'm your friend,\" he said. \"Are you? I don't believe a friend would have done so much to me.\" She could easily image him frowning now. \"Please, Johanna.\" Ah, the one word he won't say willingly in private. Why would he say that? \"Something is bothering you.\" \"And you as well,\" he shot back. \"You first,\" she said coldly. Nelson sighed in annoyance, but nevertheless, he spoke up, making his displeasure clear. \"The Chinaman and the American know of my plan.\" \"How did they find out?\" she asked. \"They were listening when I met with... my oriental ally,\" he said. \"And they plan to stop you somehow,\" she finished. \"But you already know that,\" Nelson observed wryly. \"Of course. They tried to recruit me for their mission,\" Johanna said with a shrug. Nelson's eyes narrowed in suspicion. \"Are you helping them?\" \"No, Nelson. I am not that crooked,\" she said, fighting the urge to laugh. \"Then what is bothering you?\" he asked, the beginnings of exasperation forming in his mind. \"Nothing, in particular, except...\" \"What?\" he demanded. \"Why?\" she asked point blank as she turned to look at him. She was the one demanding now. \"Why what?\" Nelson asked. His confusion was overtaken by astonishment. When she was this serious, she was more dangerous than usual. These were the times when she would quite literally run him through with her sword. \"Why do you want to be King? Why do you want to rule England?\" \"You don't know?\" he asked, sincerely astonished. Johanna looked seriously at him. Nelson stepped closer and said, \"It was all for you.\" Johanna lowered her hed. They were so close that it came to rest on his shoulder. After a second of reigning in her emotions, she stood straight and turned her back to him once more. \"I cannot,\" she whispered. She heard a sigh followed by slow footsteps making their way out the door. oooooooooooo The next day dawned unlike most other London days for two reasons. For one, the Royal Fireworks for Her Majesty's Jubille was tonight. The second reason greatly helped the first. The day dawned bright and clear. There was not a cloud in sight. This fact meant that London would have a rare day considering the past streak of weather: a sunny day. Most of the citizens of this great town were out and about in the sun. That afternoon, one of the many wealthy London residents took her coach to her friend's house. Her blue bustle dress shone in the sunlight as she strode confidently to the door and knocked. A minute later, her friend answered the door. \"Hello- Johanna? I thought you would be getting ready by now.\" \"I thought I'd see how you are, first,\" she said with a strained smile. \"Yes, well...do come in. I was just about to have tea,\" Arthur said nervously, guiding her inside.; \"You seem down, Arthur. Are you sure you're fine?\" she asked, placing a hand on his shoulder as he led her into his parlour. Before he could answer, Johanna caught sight of an open brandy bottle and a finger of the vile liquid in a glass on the table. \"Arthur! Have you been drinking?\" \"I always drink when my employment's been terminated,\" he answered sullenly. Johanna frowned slightly and asked gently, \"Why?\" \"Lord Rathbone saw fit to have me fired for my failure to catch the two intruders at his ball.\" Johanna sighed and whispered, \"Nelson always did have a bit of a temper.\" \"Temper? He bloody near tore my head of!\" Arthur exclaimed. \"I know. I was there for the fallout,\" she responded grimly. Surreptitiously, she walked over to the table and corked the bottle. Turning back to Arthur, she said, \"I'll make us some tea, shall I?\" Arthur nodded sullenly as he sat heavily in a chair. He reached for the glass only to find both that and the bottle gone. She could hear him groan as she walked into his kitchen. A minute later, she returned to the parlour and sat beside her friend. The two continued to converse amiably for a half hour before the clock chimed four. \"Oh, it's four already? Well, I shall be leaving you, Arthur. After all, I must look my best for the Jubilee, mustn't I?\" Johanna said, rising. \"Why must you go to that?\" \"You know quite well I would be missed, and I do not want the whole of Scotland Yard searching for me,\" Johanna said, gathering her coat, hat, and gloves. As she walked down the corridor to his front door, they heard a knock at that very same door. \"Who could be calling on me at this time?\" Arthur asked, staggering after her. Through the glass, they could see a man in a coat, with a pipe in his mouth and a hunting cap facing a shorter man with a bowler hat and long hair. As Johanna opened the door, the two turned to face her. It was the Chinaman and the American. \"You, Gentlemen, look absolutely ridiculous,\" she said, surveying their clothing. The American wore a deerstalker coat over his rumpled clothing while the Chinaman sported a plaid suit. \"Hey, it's you!\" the American said. \"You! You're helping him!\" the Chinaman said indignantly. \"Calm yourselves, Gentlemen. I have no intentions of aiding either you or Lord Rathbone. Good day,\" Johanna said, trying to slip around them. The Chinaman quickly blocked her path and said, \"No. He said you were helping him, that he and you were engaged.\" As he spoke, Johanna could have sworn she saw hurt in his eyes. \"Well, he certainly is capable of lying to anger you,\" she responded calmly. The Chinaman seemed to relax at this, almost as though he was relieved. \"Hang on, what about us?\" the American asked. \"What about you?\" she asked, tilting her head to the side while keeping her face carefully blank of emotion. \"Aren't you gonna help us save the Royals?\" \"Gentlemen, I do not even know your names. Why would I aid you?\" \"I'm Roy, and this's Chon. Good?\" \"Hardly. The fact remains, Gentlemen, I do not know if I can trust you. Good day.\" This time, she manoeuvred her way around them, walking quickly to her coach. \"Spunky, I like it,\" Roy commented. Chon turned to glare at him.[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine Chon, Roy, and Arthur walked to the Thames, specifically to the sight of the Queen's Jubilee. As they did, Roy and Arthur continued to talk whilst Chon remained silent. Memories ran through his head, though he knew not why. \"Chon Wang, the man who defied an emperor,\" Wu Chow said, walked around them to face them. \"The Emperor should never have spared your life,\" Chon said angrily. Wu Chow only smiled at this and said in recognition, \"I see. You're still my brother's lapdog.\" \"I'm here not for him. I'm here for my father,\" he said strongly. \"Of course you are,\" Wu Chow said, walking over to a sheath and pulling out a curved dagger. He then said quite seriously to Chon, \"It was my dagger that plunged into his heart. It's still encrusted with his blood.\" At that, Chon tried to attack him, but he was severely limited by his bindings. Two boxers further restrained him until he stopped struggling. By then, Wu Chow had walked father away from them. \"I know the boy has the seal. Where is he?\" Rathbone asked, still maintaining his calm, aloof, imposing manner. \"We don't know. That's the truth. We don't know,\" Roy insisted. Rathbone smirked slightly before looking behind him at one of the Boxers. He turned a crank which lifted Lin up into the air by a hook attached to the bindings around her wrists. Her ankles were bound to metal rings in the floor, culminating in a stretching effect which could break her bones with ease. \"Stop! Put her down! Put her down!\" \"Or what, Mr. O'Bannon? Are you gonna kick my ass?\" Rathbone asked mockingly in a fake American accent. His accent returned to his high-class British accent as he said, \"I've read all about your ridiculous exploits. I mean, just how does it feel to kill a mummy with your bare hands? Only a nation of uneducated red-necks would be amused by such cowboy drivel.\" \"Woah, woah, woah. Easy. What's with the personal attacks? You don't see me making any comments about your pastey complexion, or your snotty accent, or the woman you've scared into being your lapdog, or even your filthy, smutty sex books.\" At first, Rathbone had been smiling, but the last two made him frown in confusion. \"Yeah, I swear, I'm disgusted-\" Wu Chow interrupted him by hitting Roy in the head with his baton. \"OW! Why is it always the head with you people?\" \"I haven't hurt or threatened her. She aids me of her own free will,\" Rathbone responded with a smirk. How could she do that? Did she not care for the Queen and the Royal Family? Did she love Rathbone? Was that why she helped him? Rathbone turned and signaled that the Chinese woman be stretched out still more. She could feel every part of her body being stretched to its limit. Any farther and her bones would break or dislocate. \"Hold it! Stop! Hold it! Just hold it! What are we doing here? Guys, just look at this! We're acting like animals. Over what? Some seal?\" \"The seal represents imperial power,\" Wu Chow said simply. \"I will use it to unite the Emperor's enemies and storm the Forbidden City.\" \"Well, what's in it for you?\" Roy asked Rathbone. \"You're looking at the future King of England.\" \"You're like 20 th in line for the throne,\" Roy said, his voice going up a half octave in disbelief. \"Tenth,\" Rathbone corrected, closing his eyes to maintain his British aloofness. \"But my friend is about to change all that with a simple process of elimination.\" One of the boxers swept a tarp off a gun with several long barrels all in a small circle. \"It's called a machine gun, the first of its kind. It fires 200 rounds a minute. A testament to British ingenuity.\" \"So you steal the seal, and then you knock off nine royals? You got the short end of that stick, my friend,\" Roy commented. Rathbone signalled to the boxers, who quickly let down Lin. \"Dump them in the river,\" he said. They boxers grabbed Lin and took her away. \"Where are you taking her?\" Chon asked. \"To make history. I can already see the headlines: Nation mourns as Loony Lin massacres Royal Family!\" \"Chon? You all right there? You liked like you were ready to fall over,\" Roy said, breaking Chon from his recollection. \"Yes. I'm fine,\" he said shortly. Roy shrugged and turned away, allowing Chon to sink into another memory. This memory was only a picture, one he would most certainly remember. As Chon had walked into the room of the wax museum that held the British royal family exhibit, the very first thing he noticed was a pair of wax figures near the queen: Rathbone and Johanna arm-in-arm. He tried to reconcile that they were around each other quite a lot, so perhaps that was the intent of the artist. However, there was the creeping doubt in the back of his mind. Perhaps, they were expected to marry.[Chapter 10] Chapter Ten When the couple alighted from the carriage, heads turned to appraise and discuss the new arrivals. None of these nobles was surprised that they were together. Quite the contrary, the gossip turned to the topic that Lord Rathbone and Lady Paulet were finally accepting what everyone else had long suspected. After all, when a man and a woman of similar ages are friends for the amount of time they had been, it is expected that they are either siblings or soon to be married. Thus when this couple entered the scene with entwined hands, it was automatically assumed that they were courting. Less than a minute after they arrived, the Baron of Lincolnshire, a mutual acquaintance, approached them. \"Good evening, my Lord, my Lady. And, might i say, you look splendid.\" The last was directed at Johanna. \"Thank you,\" she answered politely. \"I've not seen you in some time, my Lady. You've been rather reclusive recently.\" \"Not at all. She recently attended my ball in honour of her majesty's Jubilee,\" Rathbone interjected. The Baron turned to look at him for a second. His expression made it clear that he had only wanted to speak with the lady, not with him. \"Yes, well, I hadn't the honour of being invited to that particular event. Might I enquire as to the next opera you shall be attending, my Lady?\" Johanna glanced at Nelson, making it clear she was uncomfortable with the Baron. Seeing this, he laid a hand on her hand which rested on his arm. \"I am terribly sorry, but we must be going to our places. The fireworks are about to begin,\" Rathbone said formally. There was a slight undertone of annoyance to his voice. \"Of course, my Lord, my Lady. Would you do me the honour of returning for a chat after the event?\" This was obviously directged more to Johanna. Before she could respectfully decline, Nelson viciously answered, \"Lady Paulet will be accompanying me to dinner afterwards.\" The Baron visibly bristled at this. \"Well, my Lady, would you consent to dinner with me perhaps next week?\" This time, Johanna was quick enough to answer in her own right, hoping to forestall a confrontation. \"Unfortunately, I shan't be able to join you. Next week, I shall be returning to Scarborough.\" \"Then perhaps-\" the persistent man began. \"She has made it perfectly clear that hse will not be having dinner with you at any time,\" Nelson said, his voice as steel. \"Am I allowed no reason for this rejection?\" the baron asked. His eyes were growing hard and bitter. \"We are courting,\" Nelsong answered, glancing at Johanna. The Baron ground his teeth for a second before bowing to them and saying bitterly, \"Forgive me. I knew not the magnitude of my intrusion.\" \"We must be going. Good evening, Sir,\" Johanna said as Nelson began to lead her away. As he watched the couple walk away, the Baron said under his breath, \"Damn it.\" oooooooooooooo Rathbone led Johanna to the carriage by which they would officially enter. The Queen had yet to arrive, which allowed the two of them to converse with relative freedom. They sat as close as propriety would allow on one side of the carriage, with the other entirely for the Queen. Once the door had been closed, Rathbone wrapped an arm around Johanna's waist, pulling her close. \"Nelson-\" Before she could continue, he had placed his lips on hers. Her response was nearly instantaneous. It seemed as though the fireworks had already started. The two felt as though they were one, part of a whole, inseparable. She trusted him with her life, and he trusted her just as much. Quite suddenly, the carriage door opened, admitting the Queen. The two separated as quickly as they could in the confined space, returning to a pertinent distance. The Queen smiled knowingly at them as she sat. When the carriage began to move, Victoria, the Queen that is, broke the silence by saying, \"You two really must get married.\" Johanna blushed whilst Rathbone smiled as though he held a secret. The Queen could read that expression easily enough: that was already in his plans. \"Now, tell me: are you both able to come for dinner?\" \"Of course, Your Majesty,\" Johanna answered kindly. \"Wonderful! I do so miss the both of you. Perhaps you can be persuaded to remain in town longer?\" \"Unfortunately, I must go to my estate in a few days. I'm sure you understand,\" Johanna said. \"You're awfully quiet, Nelson. What say you?\" \"I would be delighted,\" he answered politely. \"I'm pleased to hear that.\" And they arrived.[Chapter 11] Chapter Eleven Everything was in place. Big Ben had just struck twelve. The fireworks had started. Johanna was safely behind a statue. Why had she decided to call him up to speak with him now of all times? \"Nelson!\" He turned. It was her Majesty. \"Why are you hiding yourself back there?\" \"I shouldn't like to impede your view, Your Highness,\" he assured her falsely. \"Nonsense! You arranged all this. You should have a front-row view.\" \"I regret that- ah- respectfully I must decline. I need to keep a good eye on proceedings.\" \"You mean you want to get back to your Johanna,\" the Queen said, suddenly perceptive rather than whimsical. He could do nothing but show his acquiescence. \"You really must marry her someday, Nelson,\" she added cheerily. \"I have hopes of arranging that very event later this evening.\" \"Congratulations, Nelson. It's about time you and she were wed!\" \"Thank you, Your Highness.\" \"You've really outdone yourself.\" \"Wait till you see the finale,\" Nelson said, eyes glinting before he returned to his spot behind the statue as quickly as he could without arousing suspicion. Just as he reached it, Johanna looked out from behind the statue. He quickly took a hold of her arm and pulled her to him, wrapping an arm securely about her waist. His hand was behind her head, pressing her forehead into his jaw line. After awhile, the gunfire abated. Nelson did not move. \"Nelson...\" Johanna whispered hesitantly. \"Johanna, I love you. Stay here. I will find you,\" he whispered urgently in her ear. Before she could say a single word, he kissed her soundly before letting her go and sprinting away from the newly created pandemonium. \"Nelson!\" she called after him. In a split second decision, she ran after him. ooooooooooooooooo Johanna ducked behind a pillar as Roy and Doyle rod up to Nelson on a horse. As the horse stopped, Doyle fell. \"Hold it right there, Rathboner! I'm guessin' by yer hasty retreat yer still 20th in line fer the throne,\" Roy said cockily. \"Tenth,\" Nelson corrected bitterly. Johanna had to bite back a snort at his tone. \"Inspector Doyle, arrest this man,\" Roy said with a smile, pointing at Nelson. Doyle, who still lay on the floor, stood and placed his hat on his head. They were not anticipating what came next. Nelson drew a tiny gun from his sleeve and quickly fired at them, too late to stop Roy's warning, but quick enough to wound Doyle. \"Arthur!\" Johanna called, running to her friend. \"Johanna?\" Nelson asked with a mixture of horror, anger, love, and fear. \"This way!\" Chon yelled, leading his sister over to the other three and allowing Nelson to hurry away. \"What happened?\" he asked. \"Rathbone nailed Artie with a little sissy-gun,\" Roy said, bending over the man. \"Wait, aren't you helping him?\" Chon asked, finally noticing Johanna. \"I'll look after him, you two go! Go!\" Lin insisted, pushing the two men away. Chon looked back at Johanna with an indecipherable expression before hurrying to a pair of swords mounted on the wall. He took the down, handing one of them to Roy. He then looked at his sister and said, \"For father.\" \"For father,\" Lin returned. \"For old man Wayne,\" Roy said, copying his compatriots. Lin quickly stood and handed Roy a battered set of playing cards. \"My lucky playing cards,\" he said before Lin kissed him. \"Be careful,\" Lin said. \"You tell Rathbone to be careful,\" Roy returned. \"Where did she go?\" Chon interrupted. Roy looked around before sighing and saying, \"She must have gone after Rathbone.\" \"Let's go, then,\" Chon said a little too quickly. \"Do you like her?\" Roy asked as he began to walk. \"What?\" Chon asked instantly. \"Do you like her, that Lady...John-a, or something,\" Roy asked, butchering her name. \"Lady Johanna Paulet,\" Chon corrected testily. \"That must be a yes. Man, you don't have a chance with that chic, Chon!\" \"What do you mean?\" Chon said, grabbing his friend's arm and stopping. \"Come on, Chon! She's practically married to Rathboner! They're probably already sleeping together,\" Roy said. Chon ground his teeth together before saying tensely, \"We should go.\" \"Oh, touchy,\" Roy said, following his friend.[Chapter 12] Chapter Twelve Johanna reached the top some time before the two men. \"Nelson!\" she called quickly, searching amongst the suspended walkways for him. \"Johanna? What are you doing here?\" he asked, moving from his hiding place to peer down at her. \"Following you,\" she said, hurrying to the precarious staircase to reach him. \"No, you need to leave,\" Nelson said seriously, gazing at her with worried eyes. \"I am not leaving you, Nelson,\" Johanna replied seriously, squeezing his hand. \"Marry me,\" he said, his words popping out of his mouth before he had even thought of a response. \"What?\" she asked, laughing slightly in disbelief. \"Marry me,\" he said, deciding to go with what he had said. What better time than now?' Johanna met his eyes and said, \"Yes.\" Unfortunately, that was the time when the other two men reached the top. Their presence was announced by Roy calling angrily, \"Show your face, Rathbone!\" Soon after, the two split up, though neither Nelson nor Johanna could fathom why. As the two began to search, Roy called out, \"Hey, Rathbone! I was thinkin' of a title for my new book: Roy O'Bannon vs. Little Lord Sissy .\" Johanna could see the annoyance on his face as he snuck up behind the American. Chon spotted him and cried out in warning, but not quickly enough. Johanna turned away as Rathbone kicked Roy through the glass of the clock face. \"Roy!\" Chon shouted in distress. \"Oops,\" Rathbone taunted. Chon quickly grabbed a nearby rope and used it to climb up the scaffolding to Rathbone. As he did, Rathbone said, \"Come on up! I'll show you how your father died!\" Chon reached the same walkway and ran at Rathbone. The lord quickly picked up Roy's blade and used it to fight with two swords to Chon's one. It quickly became evident to all three of them that Rathbone was by far the better swordsman. After a rather short time, Chon fell off the walkway only to grab the rope that served as the railing. Rathbone cut it, smirking as he looked down at his adversary. \"Come along. I'm waiting,\" he taunted. As Chon dangled from the rope, he looked up and spotted Johanna standing behind Rathbone. \"Help me,\" he pleaded, looking her in the eyes. She turned to fully face him and slowly shook her head. \"What did you do to her?\" Chon demanded indignantly, seeing the inner battle raging in her eyes. \"Nothing. She chose this. She chose me. How does that make you feel?\" Chon gritted his teeth as he climbed back up to the platform. Rathbone allowed him to pick up his sword, waiting for him to make the first move. He certainly did, attacking quickly and angrily as he let his emotions flow. His anger and jealousy led to his increased attacks to the lord whilst his sorrow made him sloppier in his defensive moves. In the midst of their fight, he suddenly lunged at the lord. He missed, but did not notice how badly so until he pulled his sword away. It was stained red. In the midst of their fight, they had backed up again. He had stabbed Johanna. Chon stared at the blade in horror. Rathbone was perplexed by this expression until he heard a gasp of pain from behind him. He glanced down at Chon's sword, stained with the blood of that so precious person behind him. Rathbone let out an animalistic cry of fury and attacked in a berserker rage. He did not toy with the Chinaman anymore. He wanted this man dead. Within seconds, he had knocked the man out the clock face to follow his friend, a fitting end to this ill-fated fight. Only then, did he turn to look. Johanna laid on the walkway. Her hands covered the wound in her side, attempting to slow the blood loss. \"Johanna? Johanna!\" Nelson cried, rushing to his love. \"I'll be fine, Nelson. It's not serious, just a flesh wound,\" she assured him, already attempting to stand up. Nelson would have none of it. He swooped her up into his arms and carried her easily down the many staircases of Big Ben. \"Nelson! Put me down! I can still walk!\" she protested for only a little while. His firm silence told her this was not debateable. He would not allow her to walk in her condition. As he brought her to a doctor, Johanna snuggled into her fiance's warmth as well as she could considering the wound in her side. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: not mine. Chapter One Midday. A time when the social networks of the city are in full s"},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"The Trap   :   The Parent Trap 2","Author":"grpruett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2374867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The characters in \"The Trap\" are base on the WaltnDisney's \"The Parent Trap\" starring Lindsay Lohan. ThenCharacters Hallie Parker, Annie James, Nick Parker, Elizabeth James,nChessy, Martin and Charles are the property of Walt Disney. Allnrights belong to Walt Disney. The story line of \"The Trap\" wasncreated by the author. Short trivia: The movie \"The Parent Trap\" which starred LindsaynLohan was written by David Swift, Nancy Myers and Charles Shyer. The characters Hallie and Annie were named after NancynMyers and Charles Shyer's daughters, Hallie Myers-Shyer and AnnienMyers-Shyer. Hallie Myers-Shyer and Annie Myers-Shyer also had rolesnin \"The Parent Trap\". Lindsay Lohan's brother Michael Lohannalso played the lost boy at camp. ThenTrap ChapternOne Late summer in London England the eighteen-year-oldnAnnie James was parking her car in Oxford University's parking lot.nAfter stepping out of the car, Spencer Prescott, a student who wasndressed in a slobbish manner, watched Annie at a distance as Annienwas putting her purse over her shoulder. As Annie walked towards thenbuilding Spencer walked quickly to catch up to her. Minutes laternSpencer failed to see Annie going into the bookstore and lost tracknof her. As Annie was getting her books for her classes, Colby,nAnnie's boyfriend walked up to her. When Annie saw Colby walkingnup, she greeted him with a kiss and a hug. They were in the bookstorenfor several minutes before checking out. Spencer spotted Annie and Colby as they were leaving thenbookstore. He then walked up to Annie and said \"So you didn'tnleave.\" Annie looked at Spencer in a curious manner and asked,n\"I'm sorry, but who are you?\" Spencer looked at Annie in a curious manner. He thennsaid, \"I'm Spencer. We met yesterday at the airport.\" Colby looked at Annie and asked, \"Did you go to thenairport yesterday?\" Annie looked at Colby and slightly shook her head. \"Hallie, we talked for almost two hours,\" saidnSpencer. \"Spencer, I'm not Hallie.\" \"You lied to me as to who you are?\" asked Spencer.nColby showed a gesture as being amused. \"Am I missing something?\" \"Spencer, my name is Annie. The woman you were talkingnto yesterday is my twin sister Hallie. Hallie left yesterday fornHarvard.\" \"I feel like a twit,\" said Spencer. \"You shouldn't. Even our friends can't tell usnapart.\" \"Just look for the letter on the locket they wear,\"nsaid Colby. \"Of course you can't go by that when they tradenplaces and switch lockets.\" \"We only did that to you once,\" said Annie.n\"Actually we didn't even do it to you; you just got caught in thenmiddle.\" \"I know,\" said Colby. \"You told me that Hallienjust wanted to catch Henry being unfaithful to her.\" \"It worked. Henry made a pass at Hallie when she wasnpretending to be me.\" \"Is Henry Hallie's boyfriend?\" asked Spencer. \"Hallie dumped Henry that same night,\" said Annie. \"A woman as beautiful as her… and you too of course…nI'm mean, Hallie probably has a serious boyfriend since Henry.\"nsaid Spencer. \"Hallie was in a serious relationship with a footballnplayer from Harvard, but the bloody fool killed himself just beforenHallie's freshmen year ended,\" said Annie. \"He committed suicide?\" asked Spencer. \"No-no, it was nothing like that,\" said Annie.n\"Scott, Hallie's late boyfriend thought he was this hotshotnpilot. I'm sorry to speak ill of the deceased, but the silly twitnwas trying to do stunts in an airplane that wasn't design for itnand crashed his plane just a short distance from where Hallie wasnstanding. Hallie was a complete mess. She wouldn't eat; shenwouldn't sleep. As depressed she has been since the end of hernfreshmen year everyone was surprised that Hallie wanted to return tonHarvard.\" \"I thought she seemed a little down at first, but as Instarted talking with her she seemed to cheer up some,\" saidnSpencer. \"What do you mean she seemed to cheer up?\" askednAnnie. \"When I sat down beside her she seemed to have beennbothered when I would talk to her, but then I noticed the suspensenbook she was reading and I started to talk to her about her book. Inthen told her these lame jokes I know and she cracked a smile. Shentried not to, but I eventually got her to laugh.\" \"You made Hallie laugh?\" asked Annie. \"Yes; after she finally talked to me, we talked andnlaughed for close to two hours. I was just about to ask her for hernnumber when I was called away for a second. When I returned, Hallienwas boarding the plane.\" \"Spencer, are you taking classes here?\" asked Annie. \"I am.\" \"What courses are you taking?\" asked Annie. \"I start my second year of pre-law.\" \"That is what Hallie and I are taking too. Of coursenHallie is taking her classes at Harvard. Spencer, would it benpossible for me to see your schedule?\" \"Sure,\" said Spencer. He then took out his schedulenfrom his pocket and handed it to Annie. Annie took a few seconds to compare her schedule withnhis. She then said, \"This is great.\" \"What is great?\" asked Colby. \"Spencer, you and I have a lot of the same classes,\"nsaid Annie. \"Why is that great?\" asked Spencer. \"Spencer, you are the only one who got Hallie to laughnsince Scott's death. If Hallie didn't like you, you wouldn't havenbeen able to get her to laugh, so I'm thinking you can help Halliento recover from her depression.\" \"Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Hallie in thenstates?\" asked Spencer. \"That is just a small matter that should be easy tonovercome.\" \"Annie, what are you planning?\" asked Colby. \"Although Hallie and I are going to two differentnuniversities we are taking the same courses. We did this on purposenso we can help each other if we needed it. So I'm thinking thatnHallie and I can switch places this year or at least this semester.nIt wouldn't hurt either one of our grades, and if I'm right aboutnsomething Hallie will recover from her depression.\" \"Both of you can be expelled if you get caught,\"nsaid Colby. \"I'm not sure how, but so far the only person whonfound a way to tell us apart is our mother so I don't see what canngo wrong,\" said Annie. \"Annie, you are commuting to school, so your mothernwill bust you,\" said Colby. \"Not necessarily. We can fool our mother as long as wendon't spend too much time around her.\" \"What about us?\" asked Colby. \"If you do this wenwill be apart this year.\" \"Colby, I'm sorry, but if this helps Hallie tonovercome the depression she fell into then this is something I havento do. I promise I will make our time apart up to you.\" \"This means that much to you?\" asked Colby. \"Hallie has been my best friend since we found eachnother seven years ago and she is suffering so if I can help her I'mngoing to do it.\" \"Annie, I will support you,\" said Colby. \"Thank you.\" Annie then gave Colby a kiss. \"Annie, what do you mean since you found each other?\"nasked Spencer. \"Spencer, that is a long story. I know, have lunchnwith Colby and me and I will tell you all about it. I will also tellnyou about Hallie's likes and dislikes.\" \"Annie, why are you doing this?\" asked Spencer. \"Inmean you just met me and you are planning to help me with yournsister. As far as you know I can be a dangerous man.\" \"All I'm doing is making it to where you two are innthe same university.\" \"You're also planning to tell me Hallie's likesnand dislike.\" \"Okay that is true, but if Hallie dates you then thatnis between her and you. I'm not going to tell Hallie that we metnuntil she is already here or she might get wise to what I havenplanned and not switch with me. So if you come to lunch with us Inwill tell you about Hallie and me.\" \"I will on one condition,\" said Spencer. \"What is that?\" \"That I buy lunch for you and Colby.\" \"You got yourself a deal.\" A few minutes later Colby, Annie and Spencer werenwalking up to Colby's car. After getting in the car and gettingncomfortable, Annie started to tell Spencer about her and Hallie.nAnnie continued to tell the story long after they were done eating.nAfter finishing the story Annie took her cell phone out of her pursenand dialed Hallie. Hallie had just sat down in Harvard's cafeteria withnher breakfast when her cell phone rang. Hallie reached into a pursenidentical to what Annie has and pulled out her cell phone. Hallienlooked to see who was calling before she answered. \"Hey, what's up?\" asked Hallie as she answered. \"Hal, I need your help,\" said Annie. \"What is going on?\" \"Colby and I have decided to take a break from eachnother.\" \"Annie, what is going on between you two?\" \"Oh, it's nothing like that. We just feel that ournrelationship is too… too humdrum. We're not breaking up ornanything like that, but we do feel as if we need time apart to take anbreath.\" \"How are you going to take time apart when the both ofnyou are going to the same university?\" \"That is where I need your help.\" \"How can I help?\" \"Hallie, you and I are taking the same courses, so Inwas thinking we can switch places for one semester.\" \"What? Are you serious?\" \"Hallie, we can do this. No one can tell us apart andnColby supports the idea.\" \"Mom figured out how to tell us apart.\" \"Just stay busy and avoid mom as much as possiblenuntil we switch back. Hallie, this would mean a lot to me. Please.\" \"Actually walking around campus does kind of bums menout. Everywhere I look I'm reminded of Scott.\" \"So will you do it?\" \"I'll do it.\" \"Okay, I will have Colby drive me to the airport tonbuy a round trip ticket.\" \"So I can meet you at the airport call me before yournplane take off and let me know when your plane will land. Oh and wearnthat black wig. Identical twins meeting for a short time in annairport might raise suspicions.\" \"I will. Bye.\" As Annie was putting her phone away Colby asked, \"Younare really going through with it?\" \"I am,\" said Annie. \"Hallie did mention as to hownshe was bummed out while walking around campus. So I really believenthis will do Hallie some good.\" Annie returned home to grab a few things. Colby thenndrove Annie to the airport. A few hours later Hallie and Hallie's roommatenKristina Carpenter were walking into the airport. \"Hallie, what is so important at an airport that younpractically begged me to bring you?\" Kristina then whispered innHallie's ear. \"Is this about drugs?\" \"No, it's nothing like that,\" exclaimed Hallie.n\"My sister is landing here from London. She will be here for anshort time before her next flight leaves for California. I needed tonmeet her because she is bringing me something I forgot when I leftnhome.\" Hallie and Kristina were waiting at the gate for thirtynminutes when Annie walked up to them. Hallie was facing away whennAnnie asked, \"So Hal, how's it going?\" Hallie slightly jumped from being startled. She thennquickly faced Annie and said, \"I'm doing good as long as youndon't give me a heart attack.\" \"Oh sorry,\" said Annie. \"Annie this is my roommate Kristina Carpenter.nKristina this is my sister Annie.\" \"Wow, if you two dye your hair alike, you two wouldnlook like twins,\" said Kristina. \"We get that a lot,\" said Hallie. \"Kristina ifnyou'll excuse Annie and me, I would like to talk to her innprivate.\" \"Of course,\" said Kristina. Hallie motioned into the direction she wanted to go andnsaid, \"Annie, this way.\" Kristina watched as Annie and Hallie walked away. While walking away Annie whispered. \"Hal, you didn'tntell Kristina that we're twins?\" \"We just met yesterday and I didn't know if she cannbe trusted to keep what we are doing a secret.\" \"I understand.\" After walking into the women's restroom Annie andnHallie exchanged clothes. They quickly told each other what the othernneeded to know. They then exchanged watches and lockets. Hallie putnon the wig. \"I think we are all set,\" said Hallie. \"Wait, we better swap cell phones, ID's, and creditncards,\" said Annie. \"Good idea.\" They reached into their purses. \"OhnAnnie, don't use my visa. I got it maxed out.\" \"Hal, why do you always max out your credit cardsnbefore making a payment?\" As they exchanged the items Hallie said, \"I makenpayments.\" \"Not enough to keeps your balance down. So how muchnare on your other cards?\" \"I'm not really sure. There should be enough fornwhatever you may want though. Just to make sure I will make paymentsnon all of them.\" \"Hallie, please don't max out my credit cards.\" \"Annie relax, I would never do that to you.\" A few minutes later Hallie and Annie were walking up tonKristina. \"We are all set,\" said Hallie. \"So Annie how long do you have before your planenleaves again?\" asked Kristina. Hallie said while pretending to be Annie, \"I'm notnquite sure. I should go and check to see when my plane leaves fornCalifornia.\" Annie looked at Hallie in a confused manner. She thennasked, \"Annie, for what reason would you be going to California?\" Hallie looked at Kristina and said, \"Father asked mento check something for him at the vineyard. Did you think I came herenall the way from London just to give you what you forgot?\" \"I knew you were going to California, but I justndidn't know why,\" said Annie. \"Hallie, you and Kristina don't have to wait here,\"nsaid Hallie. \"I will be fine.\" \"I will see you again soon,\" said Annie. Annie andnHallie hugged for a second. Hallie then watched Annie and Kristina asnthey walked away. A few minutes later Kristina was backing out of hernparking spot. As she was putting the car into drive, music from ancell phone sounded. Annie didn't realize right away that it wasnHallie's cell phone. \"Are you going to answer your phone?\" askednKristina. \"Of course,\" said Annie as she reached for thenphone. \"I thought I had it set on a different ring style. Hello.\" \"Annie, it's me,\" said Hallie. \"I need to tellnyou don't play poker on campus.\" \"I know that, that is a rule with every campus.\" \"Well, at Harvard they take that rule very seriously.nIf I get caught playing poker again I will get kicked out.\" \"Thanks for the warning. Do I need to warn you?\" Kristina looked at Annie in a curious manner. \"Annie, I promise I won't do anything to get younkicked out.\" \"I hope not. So when does your plane leave?\" \"I will be leaving in two hours. I will call you whennI get to London.\" \"Okay, I will talk to you then. Bye. As Annie was putting her phone away Kristina asked, \"Sonwhen does your sister leave?\" \"Her plane leaves in a few minutes,\" said Annie. \"So Hallie, which one of you is older, you or Annie?\" \"Actually, you were right when you said that Annie andnI looked like twins,\" said Annie. \"Annie dyes her hair to makenherself look different from me.\" \"So you and Annie are twins.\" Kristina then noticednwig hairs on Annie's shoulder. \"Yes,\" said Annie. \"Hallie, I think Annie is dyeing her hair too much.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You have a few strands of Annie's hair on yournshoulder.\" Annie collected the wig hairs. She missed two strands asnit stuck to the car seat. As Annie was rolling down the window shensaid, \"I will let Annie know not to dye her hair as much.\" Shenthen tossed the wig hairs out the window.[Chapter 2] ChapternTwo In London on the first day of the class Hallie wasntaking an empty seat in the classroom. Other empty seats sat aroundnher. The instructor was sitting at his desk and watching the studentsnstraggle in one by one. Hallie was looking over the textbook whennSpencer sat in a seat next to Hallie. After sitting down Spencer saidnthe punch line to the joke that got Hallie to laugh. Hallie quicklynturned to face Spencer with an uncertain expression on her face. \"So how was your flight,\" said Spencer. \"It was good,\" said Hallie. \"I didn't know younwere attending classes here.\" \"I was getting to that part, but our conversation wasncut short when I was paged away.\" \"Why were paged away?\" \"My grandma had me paged when she couldn't get me onnmy cell phone. She worries about me and she just wanted to hear mynvoice after my plane landed.\" \"You're not from London?\" \"I am, but my grandma moved to France not too longnago. I spent the summer with her.\" \"Spencer, this may be too complicated to explain, butnall though my name is Hallie you need to call me Annie.\" \"Okay, I will call you Annie.\" Hallie looked at Spencer in a curious manner. She thennsaid, \"You seemed to be too okay with calling me Annie.\" \"I have a confession to make.\" \"What are you confessing?\" \"I know why you are calling yourself Annie.\" \"You met my sister Annie.\" \"A day after we met, I mistakenly thought she wasnyou.\" \"At what time of the day was that?\" \"It was around one.\" Hallie stood up and said, \"Spencer, please excuse menfor a minute.\" \"Of course,\" said Spencer. Hallie got her phone from her purse and as she wasnwalking out of the classroom she hit send on her phone. The phonenrang a few times before it was answered. Annie, while lying in bed with the phone to her ear,nasked, \"Do you know what time it is here? I still have two hoursnbefore I have to get up.\" \"Annie James, I know what you did to me.\" \"Don't announce to who you are talking to over thenphone. If the wrong person hears you saying that, you can get usnbusted.\" \"That bit about you wanting a break with Colby wasnjust a lie.\" \"Would you have switched with me if I would have toldnyou the truth?\" \"No,\" said Hallie. \"Then I made the right choice.\" \"Annie, I'm not going to date Spencer and forgetnabout Scott.\" \"I'm not expecting you to, but according to Spencernhe got you to laugh again. To get you to laugh again is the onlynreason I done this. All I ask is for you to give this a chance.\" Hallie looked around her to see who was able to hearnher. She then said, \"Next semester we are switching back.\" \"One semester is all I ask for. Now can I go back tonsleep for two hours?\" \"Goodnight.\" Hallie then went back to her seat andnsat down. \"Is everything okay?\" asked Spencer. \"Spencer, I want to get one thing straight with you,\"nsaid Hallie. \"What's that?\" \"I'm not sure what you and my sister schemed up, butnI'm not interested in going on a date with you or anyone else.\" \"Who said anything about us dating?\" \"I just want to be up front with you that's all.\" As a student was walking towards Spencer, Spencer said,n\"You're being up front with me is noted.\" Spencer saw thenstudent as the student walked up to him. \"Neven did you bring it?\" \"Here it is that movie, 'Gangs of New York' younrequested,\" said Neven. Hallie watched as Neven was handing Spencernthe movie. \"Thanks, Neven. So when do you what it back?\" \"I'm in no rush. Well, I'll see you later I havento get to class before I'm late.\" \"I'll see you around,\" said Spencer. Neven then left the classroom. \"So you are going to watch 'Gangs of New York'.\"nsaid Hallie. \"I've never seen it before and I was told it is angood movie. An American actor name Leonardo something stars in it.\" \"His name is Leonardo DiCaprio; however, I believe younknew that.\" \"Why would I know that?\" \"Because Annie told you my favorite actor is LeonardonDiCaprio.\" \"No, I don't believe so.\" The instructor got up and started the lecture. Hallie whispered, \"No offence, but I don't believenyou.\" Spencer grinned. He then whispered, \"Hallie… I meannAnnie, since you like who stars in this movie how about viewing itnwith me.\" \"I don't think so.\" \"Well, suit yourself.\" After the class ended Spencer walked out of thenclassroom behind Hallie. He then called out, \"Annie.\" Hallie stopped and turned around. When Spencer walked upnto Hallie, Hallie said, \"Spencer, I'm going to the library to donthe assignment.\" \"I was going to ask if you would like to studyntogether.\" \"As long as studying is all you have in mind we can.\" \"Well, I was also thinking of telling you a few morenlame jokes so I can see that beautiful smile you have,\" saidnSpencer. Hallie slightly grin. \"Well that's almost the grin I wasnlooking for.\" With a nice grin on her face Hallie said, \"Let's gonstudy.\" \"There's that grin I'm looking for.\" \"I'm going to the library. If you want to study withnme then follow me.\" \"Do you know where the library is?\" \"Not at the moment.\" \"Then you should follow me.\" Hallie motioned for him to lead the way. 12:55 Hallie walked into a restaurant off campus. Afternentering the restaurant Hallie saw Spencer at one of the tablesneating a bowl of chili. Hallie walked up to him and said, \"So, Annie didn'tntell you anything about me.\" \"Is there a problem?\" asked Spencer. \"I like this restaurant for its chili and I just findnit too much of a coincidence that I find you here eating chili.\" \"Hallie, has anyone told you that you are paranoid?\" \"I was tricked by my sister to change places with hernso I don't think I'm being paranoid.\" \"Annie just has your best interest at heart.\" \"That I'm sure of, but I'm not ready to move onnafter Scott.\" \"Hallie, until you are ready to move on please don'tnshut me out as a friend.\" Hallie looked at Spencer for a second. She then said,n\"I'm going to get a bowl of chili.\" \"Hallie, please join me when you get it.\" \"I'll be back in a few minutes.\" Hallie thennwalked away from the table. The same time at Harvard Annie walked into her firstnclass. Cindy, Hallie's roommate from the previous year stared atnAnnie as Annie walked passed her. Cindy got up from her seat; walkednup to her and called out. \"Hallie.\" Annie turned to face Cindy. As she looked at Cindy as ifnshe was a stranger she said, \"Oh, hi.\" \"Hallie, how are you?\" \"I'm okay. This is going to sound weird, but I justncan't seem to remember your name.\" \"I'm Cindy. I was your roommate last year.\" \"Of course I know you were my roommate last year.nAfter all you introduced me to your cousin Scott. For some reason Incouldn't remember your name. So how are you?\" \"I'm doing well.\" \"Well I'd better take a seat.\" \"There is a seat open next to me. Sit by me. Also likenlast year we can study together.\" Annie said in an unconvincing tone. \"Sure.\" \"Hallie, are you sure you are okay?\" \"I'm fine.\" \"You seemed different to me somehow.\" \"I'm still bothered by Scott's death that'snall.\" \"Hallie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bring up badnmemories.\" \"Don't worry about it. Well we've better take ournseats.\" As Cindy sat down Annie sat in a seat next to her. Cindynthen said, \"Oh Hallie, I saw Samantha Mitchell earlier.\" \"I know that name, but I just can't seem to placenthe name with a face.\" Cindy looked at Annie in a curious manner and asked,n\"Hallie, what is going on with you?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Let see, you walked passed me when you walked in asnif you didn't recognize me. Actually, so far, the only memory younseem to have of your freshman year is Scott's death.\" \"Cindy, I was real shook up over Scott's death. Inguess I just repressed certain memories.\" \"Okay. Well to jog your memory, Samantha hated you fornScott dating you and not her.\" \"Oh yes, now I remember.\" The instructor walked into the room as Cindy asked, \"SonHallie, who is your roommate this year?\" \"Kristina Carpenter is my roommate.\" \"I don't know her.\" \"She went to Stanford her freshmen year. Who is yournroommate?\" \"Hallie, I moved in with Craig. I told you four monthsnago that I was.\" \"I must have blocked out that memory also.\" The instructor started the lecture. In London Hallie was finishing her chili when Colby andnhis friend Marcus walked up to her and Spencer. Marcus stared at Hallie and said, \"If I didn't seenit with my two eyes I wouldn't believe it.\" \"Marcus, what are you talking about?\" asked Hallie. \"You are cheating on my mate Colby,\" said Marcus. \"Marcus, relax. All I'm doing is eating a bowl ofnchili with a classmate. I'm not cheating on Colby.\" \"Marcus, she is not Annie anyway,\" said Colby. \"You're Hallie?\" asked Marcus. \"Colby, why did you tell him?\" asked Hallie. \"Hallie, Marcus is my best friend and I trust him tonkeep the secret,\" said Colby. \"Now I have no choice, but to trust him. Marcus,nplease don't give me away.\" \"I have no reason to give you away,\" said Marcus.n\"So why are you and Annie switching places?\" \"We have our reasons.\" \"Hallie, can you do me a favor?\" asked Colby. \"It depends on what it is,\" said Hallie. \"This restaurant is okay, but while you are pretendingnto be Annie can you stay out of restaurants that I take Annie to?nOtherwise more of my friends will be acting like Marcus and thinknthat Annie is cheating on me.\" \"I do understand your concerns, but as I told Marcus,nall I'm doing is eating with a classmate. Besides, there are only anfew restaurants in London that Annie and I agree on anyway.\" \"Hallie, please keep out of sight from my friends whennyou have lunch with your classmates.\" \"No problem.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Spencer and I are done eating, but you two arenwelcome to join us.\" \"We should get going. We only stopped in becausenMarcus saw you and Spencer through the window.\" \"Well, bye then.\" \"I will see you later.\" As Colby and Marcus were walking away Spencer asked, \"SonI don't rank as a friend?\" \"What are you talking about?\" asked Hallie. \"You told Colby that all you were doing was havingnlunch with a classmate.\" \"Spencer, I never meant for that to sound the waynyou're taking it.\" \"So am I a friend?\" \"Spencer, please don't take this the wrong way. I'mnjust a little uncomfortable with calling you or anyone else new in mynlife a friend at this moment. Right now I just want my life to benconstant. I want nothing new in my life and I want nothing to changenin my life.\" \"Is there a possibility that I can get on your list asna friend?\" \"Your name will be the next one that makes my list ofnfriends.\" Hallie looked at her watch. \"I need to get back toncampus. I have a class in forty minutes and I'm not sure where thenclassroom is at.\" \"I'm in that class also.\" \"So we have more than one class together?\" \"We have three classes together… or was it four?\" \"Well, we have better get back to campus then.\"[Chapter 3] ChapternThree At Harvard Annie and the other students were leaving thenclassroom. Cindy was walking directly behind Annie as they werenwalking out the door. Cindy asked, \"So Hallie, when is your nextnclass?\" Annie looked at Cindy and said, \"It's not fornanother two hours.\" \"The whole gang has plans to go to coffee house tonstudy this hour,\" said Cindy. \"I will see you later then.\" \"Hal, I'm telling you this so you can come with us.\" \"Thanks, but I think I will study in my room.\" \"Hal, I wouldn't be a friend if I let you study innyour room.\" \"Cindy, I appreciate what you are trying to do, but Inwould feel better in my room.\" \"Hallie, I realized you are still depressed overnScott's death, but I'm not going to let you hide in your room.\" \"Cindy, I'm fine, really.\" \"And you can prove it by going to the coffee shop withnme. The rest of the gang should be there already.\" \"You are not going to take no for an answer, are you?\" \"I'm afraid not.\" \"Then lead the way.\" \"Hallie, I was able to get the parking spot I had lastnyear, so you can go ahead to the car while I go to the restroom.\" \"Actually, I need to go to the restroom myself, so wencan go to the car together.\" \"Okay.\" Minutes later, during the drive to the coffee shop,nCindy would talk about things from the previous year. Annie justnsmiled and nodded. Cindy finally asked, \"Hallie, is there anythingnbothering you?\" \"Not at all,\" said Annie. \"You're very quiet. If you talk at all, it's tonrespond to something I said or asked.\" \"I'm sorry. I guess I'm still trying to settlenback in at Harvard.\" \"I know what will get you to loosen up.\" Cindy putnin a CD and turned up the volume. Annie said loudly, so she could be heard over the music,n\"Nice.\" Minutes later Annie walked into coffee and tea shopnwhile carrying her book bag. Cindy walked in just behind Annie. Annienstopped and slowing looked over the shop. When Annie looked towardsnthe back table she saw Craig waving towards her. Sitting with Craignwere Todd, Julian, Becky and Susan; Hallie's tight group from lastnyear. \"I guess we are at the back table,\" said Annie. Cindy looked at Annie in a curious manner and said, \"Ofncourse we are. That is where we always sit.\" \"I just thought we might change this year.\" \"Why would we give up the best study spot in here?\"nCindy walked towards the group. Annie followed Cindy to the table. As Annie walked up to the table Craig asked, \"Hallie,nhow are you doing?\" Annie took a seat with her back towards the door andnsaid \"I'm doing well.\" She then noticed an advertisement on thentable for earl grey tea. \"How is everyone here?\" Cindy sat down next to Craig. Carrie, the waitress, walked towards the table. Becky answered, \"How we are doing is worried aboutnyou. I mean, not more than three months ago you were a basket case.\" Annie grinned. She then said, \"I'm fine, I promise.\" \"Okay,\" said Becky. Carrie walked up to the table and said, \"Cindy;nHallie, can I get your usual?\" Annie read the nametag on Carrie'snshirt. \"Bring us our usual,\" said Cindy. \"Carrie, I will have earl grey tea with lavender,\"nsaid Annie. Everyone at the table looked at Annie in a curiousnmanner. Carrie said in amused manner, \"Okay.\" As the waitress walked away Annie looked at her watch. Julian saw Annie looking at her watch and asked, \"Hal,ndo you have a place you got to be?\" Annie looked up at Julian and asked, \"What? Oh-no. Injust want to call my sister,—\" Cindy looked at Annie in a curiousnmanner. \"—but she is in class right now.\" Annie then opened hernbook. \"Well I don't mean to be sociably rude, but I would like tonstart my assignment.\" Craig said, \"I believe the hands of time had gone backnone year.\" \"What do you mean?\" asked Annie. \"You going about your business and studying rathernthan socializing was what you were doing last year for the first twonweeks,\" said Craig. \"It took you finding out about a poker gamento loosen you up.\" \"I'm just trying to settle back in that's all. Inwill eventually get back in being my old self.\" \"Perhaps a poker game will do it for you,\" saidnTodd. \"It won't be on campus, will it?\" asked Annie. \"Are you kidding?\" asked Todd. \"All eight of usngot in trouble the last time we played on campus.\" \"Todd, you mean the seven of us,\" said Cindy. Todd looked at Annie. He then said, \"Of course I did.\" \"So where are you planning to have it?\" asked Annie. \"You certainly repressed a few memories,\" saidnCindy. \"We are having it at our usual place,\" said Todd. \"When are you planning to have it?\" asked Annie. \"Around eight o'clock tonight,\" said Julian. \"I will consider it,\" said Annie. \"That's not the Hallie we know,\" said Susan. \"I just don't know what my workload is going to benright now,\" said Annie. \"I don't want to start off behind in mynclasses.\" \"Hallie, what dorm room are you at this year?\" askednBecky. Annie told everyone what dorm she was in. As Carrie was returning Cindy said, \"Hallie, I willncome by around seven-thirty and see if you will want to go.\" \"That will be good,\" said Annie. Carrie stepped up to the table and said, \"Okay Hallie;nCindy, here are you two's usual.\" Annie looked at Carrie in a curious manner. She thennsaid as she took the tea, \"Thanks.\" After putting her drink on the table Annie picked up herntextbook and started to read it. Cindy and the other just gave eachnother an uncertain look. As the minutes ticked away Annie would read her book andndrink her tea while the others talked. Annie would occasionallynlisten in to their conversation. When the group turned curiously quiet Annie looked upnand asked, \"What's wrong?\" \"Samantha Mitchell and her identical twin sisternAmanda came in and are walking this way,\" said Todd. Annie turned to look. Samantha and Amanda have long blonde hair. Samantha'snhair was pulled back in a pony tail with a purple ponytailer in hernhair. Amanda's hair was loose. Seconds later Samantha and Amanda walked up to thentable. Amanda said, \"I see the black-eight-group is back together.\"nAnnie looked at Amanda in a confused manner. \"Or will it be the rednseven this year?\" \"Mandy, please don't,\" said Samantha. She thennfaced Annie. \"Hallie, I never got the chance to tell you that I'mnsorry for your loss.\" Before Annie was able to say anything Cindy said, \"Don'tntell us you are going to be nice?\" \"Cindy, I liked Scott too, so I can imagine how Hallienfeels,\" said Samantha. \"Well that is all I have to say. Bye.\" As Samantha and Amanda started to walk away Annie said,n\"Samantha—\" Samantha and Amanda stopped and faced her.n\"—Thanks.\" Samantha slightly grinned. She and Amanda then walkednaway. Cindy looked at Annie in a confused manner and said,n\"Hallie, I can't believe you thanked her.\" \"She seemed sincere,\" said Annie. \"Obviously you repressed the fact that Samantha doneneverything possible to drive a wedge between you and Scott,\" saidnCindy. \"Well obviously she failed,\" said Annie. \"Just because Scott had a fear about dating a twin,\"nsaid Todd. \"What do you mean?\" asked Annie. Everyone had a confused expression on his or her faces.nTodd then asked, \"You don't remember the discussion we all hadnduring our first poker game?\" \"The poker game that got us sent to the dean'snoffice,\" Julian added. \"Perhaps you can refresh my memory,\" said Annie. \"Hallie, in high school Scott's best friend wasnduped by the Andrew triplets,\" said Cindy. \"Scott wouldn'tndate a twin even if she was the prettiest girl in the world.\" The expression on Annie's face had changed to as ifnshe was told a horrible secret. \"I still swear that time went back a year,\" saidnCraig. Annie just gave him a curious look. \"Hallie, you had thenexact expression on your face when Scott told you the first timenabout him not dating a twin.\" Annie looked at her watch again. \"Are we keeping you from something?\" asked Todd. \"Oh no,\" said Annie. \"I definitely need to talk tonmy sister, so I was looking to see when her class will end.\" \"Hal, I really would like to ask you something, but itnmight bring back bad memories,\" said Cindy. \"I will try to answer your question if I can,\" saidnAnnie. \"First of all, I never knew you had a sister,\" saidnCindy. \"However two days before Scott died he was rambling on aboutnyou and a sister name Annie.\" Annie had a concern expression on hernface. \"The word 'twins' was used; however, Scott was totallynwasted that night, so I couldn't really understand what he wasnrambling about. Is Annie your sister?\" \"She is,\" said Annie. \"She lives outside Londonnand she goes to Oxford University.\" \"Hallie, would you know what Scott might have beennrambling about?\" asked Cindy. \"I wouldn't want to guess and guess wrong,\" saidnAnnie. \"Fair enough,\" said Cindy. \"So Hallie, who is older you or Annie?\" asked Todd. \"Actually, my dad married Annie's mom seven yearsnago,\" said Annie. \"We are the same age.\" \"So you two are stepsisters,\" said Becky. \"Actually we are much more than that,\" said Annie.n\"We have been best friends when we met seven years ago.\" \"Hallie, all the times that we talked you never toldnme where you were from,\" said Cindy. \"Actually, Annie and I have two homes,\" said Annie.n\"Our parents have a beautiful house in Napa California and anothernbeautiful house outside London England. It depends on my parents'nbusiness schedule on where they are at, at the time. For high schoolnAnnie and I attended a school in London.\" \"What kind of business is your father in?\" askednBecky. \"He owns a vineyard,\" said Annie. \"What about Annie's mom?\" asked Susan. \"She designs wedding gowns,\" said Annie. \"She hasntwo shops; one in London and one in Napa. She is thinking aboutnopening a third shop.\" \"Where are you originally from?\" asked Craig. \"I'm from Napa California and Annie is from London,\"nsaid Annie. Annie then looked at her watch. \"If you will all excusenme I'm going to make a phone call.\" After Annie stood up and grabbed her purse she walkedntowards the exit. \"Is it me or does Hallie seemed a little different?\"nasked Becky. \"It's not just you,\" said Todd. After stepping outside Annie scrolled through her phonenbook. She then pressed send. Carrie was outside and smoking ancigarette. She was in hearing distance, but out of view. At Oxford Hallie was talking to her instructor when hernphone rang. Hallie reached for her phone and said, \"I'm sorrynMr. Watson, I thought my phone was set on vibrate.\" \"We are done here anyway, so answer it,\" said Mr.nWatson. Hallie walked towards the exit with her book bag whennshe answered the phone. \"You didn't give me much time to leavenclass.\" \"Hal, I need to talk to you,\" said Annie. Carrie listened to Annie's side of the conversation. \"What is going on?\" asked Hallie. \"I ran into Cindy in my first class. I am now standingnoutside the coffee and tea shop. Six of the members of thenblack-eight-group are inside the coffee shop.\" \"You must have run into Samantha too… or Amanda.\" \"Actually I ran into both of them, but how can yountell?\" \"We don't call ourselves the black-eight. That isnsomething the dean started and Samantha continued.\" \"Hal, I know who Cindy is and who Todd is, but who arenthe others?\" asked Annie. As Hallie named off the others she gave anshort description of each one. \"Hal, they are also planning to playnpoker tonight. So I don't look like a twit, where is the normalnspot?\" \"Craig has an apartment off campus. We play there. Incan email you the directions to his house along with a shortndescription of the layout to his house.\" \"That would be helpful.\" \"Do you want to know anything else?\" \"I do actually. What happen the final two days betweennyou and Scott?\" Hallie was quiet. \"Hal, please tell me.\" \"You must know something or otherwise you wouldn'tnhave mentioned it.\" \"I know Scott had something against dating a twin. Inalso believe you told him about me two days before he died. What Indon't know is what happened after that.\" \"We were at a very romantic restaurant. Right after wenate Scott confessed as to how much he loves me. I loved him too, so Indecided to take my chances and confessed my secret. I had a fewnpictures of us in my purse and I showed them to him. Without saying anword he threw money on the table to pay for the meal and left thenrestaurant. I was right behind him trying to tell him how sorry Inwas, but he wouldn't listen. All he would say to me was that he hadnto go somewhere to think. That was on Friday evening. By Saturday henwas still gone. Sunday morning was when I found out from Cindy thatnhe went to the uncontrolled airport where he kept his plane. Thenairport is an hour from campus. Cindy told me that flying helps himnto think. Craig allowed me to use his car and I went to the airport.nWhen I got there he was flying erratic in and around the airport. Inwas there for a short time when I saw the wings on the plane fold upnunder the stress he was putting the plane in. He would still be alivenif I just broken up with him, or I should have told him about menbeing a twin from the beginning. He wouldn't have dated me, but atnleast he would be alive.\" \"Hallie, what happened wasn't your fault.\" \"Yes, it was. I knew how he felt about dating a twin,nso I kept the fact that I was a twin from him.\" \"Hallie, if he wasn't reconsidering how he feltnabout dating a twin then he wouldn't have gone somewhere to think.nHe would have dumped you on the spot. Also flying erratically as youndescribed it is a destructive way to think about any problem. Younjust happen to be the subject of his thoughts.\" \"You're right of course, but I still feel awful.\" \"I recommend that you go out and do somethingnenjoyable. I mean, I'm not telling you to forget about Scott, but Indon't think Scott would want you to stay home, and feeling guiltynthe way you are.\" \"Maybe I will. Annie, thanks. You always make me feelnbetter.\" \"You're welcome. I will call you later.\" \"Okay, bye.\" Annie hung up and got a copy of Colby's class schedulenout. After looking at the schedule she dialed Colby's phone number.nColby was walking to his car when his phone rang. Colby answered on the third ring. \"Hello.\" \"Hi Colby, it's Annie.\" \"So how are things?\" \"Things are more complicated with Hallie than what Inthought.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I will explain in detail later, but Hallie slightlynblames herself for Scott's death.\" \"So her depression is slightly more than mourning.\" \"Exactly.\" \"Annie, do you want me to keep an eye on her and makensure she doesn't do anything crazy?\" \"I would be grateful if you did.\" \"Consider it done.\" \"Thank you. I will talk to you later.\" \"Okay, bye.\" \"Bye.\" As Annie was putting her phone away Carrienwalked into view and cleared her throat. Annie slightly jumped.n\"Carrie? How long were you out here?\" \"I heard everything… Annie,\" said Carrie. \"That is what I was scared of. Carrie, I can explain.\" \"An explanation isn't really necessary.\" \"Carrie, I do want to tell you that I switched placesnwith Hallie to help her. Hallie has been deeply depressed sincenScott's death.\" \"Annie, I understand.\" \"I know you don't know me, but can I ask you for anhuge favor?\" \"Annie, I know what you are going to ask me and I wantnto say that I like Hallie, so your secret is safe with me.\" \"Thank you. Well, I had better get back in there.\" \"I need to also, Hallie.\" Annie slightly grinned.n\"My break is over.\"[Chapter 4] ChapternFour In London Hallie was leaving the school building and sawnSpencer sitting on a bench. She walked over and sat down beside him. \"So I guess you are on your way home,\" said Spencer. \"Actually my parents are home and I need to avoid themnas much as possible,\" said Hallie. \"So where are you going?\" \"I need to go to the library to email Annie something.nAfter that I was thinking about checking with a friend of mine to seenif an offer is still good.\" \"There is a club not too far from here I was wonderingnif I could talk you into going.\" \"You don't want to know what this friend offerednme?\" \"Who am I to pry into your personal business?\" \"Spencer, you are that friend. I was thinking if yournoffer is still good I will watch that movie with you; however, I cannbe persuaded to go to the club instead.\" \"I am a little puzzled to why you have all of a suddenna change of attitude.\" \"While I was talking to the instructor Annie callednme. She pointed something out to me that I didn't consider.\" \"Would I be prying if I would ask what that was?\" \"Slightly. I will say I feel better about myself.\" \"I'm glad. So when are you going to the library?\" \"I was going to do it now.\" Hallie stood up. \"You'renwelcome to come with me. We can go to the club afterwards.\" \"You got yourself a deal.\" As Spencer stood up Hallie's phone rang. Hallie looked to see who was calling. She then said asnshe was answering, \"Colby, what's up?\" Hallie and Spencer walked towards the entrance. \"I'm just curious if you have plans this afternoon,\"nsaid Colby. Hallie looked at the phone in a curious manner. She thennsaid, \"I made plans with Spencer.\" \"A few of us are planning to go to… ah, I can'tnthink of the name of it right now, but it's that new club thatnopened up. If you didn't have any plans I thought you should comenwith us.\" \"Annie asked you to keep an eye on me didn't she?\" In an unconvincing tone, Colby said, \"What? Oh no.\" \"Colby, I know she did.\" \"Okay, you're right, but Annie is just concernednabout you.\" \"Colby, I know she is and I really appreciate it;nhowever, I will be okay. I promise.\" \"Hallie, a few of us will be at the new club if younwould like to join us, otherwise, I will see you tomorrow on campus.\" \"I will consider it. Bye.\" As Hallie was putting her phone away Spencer asked.n\"What will you consider?\" \"There is a new club that opened up and Colby invitednme to join him and a few others as they go there.\" \"What new club?\" \"I don't know the name of it, but it is just a fewnmiles down the road from where we were eating chili.\" \"I think I know what place you are referring to. Inthought it wasn't opened yet. Hallie if you rather go there, wencan.\" \"Just to check out the place I would like to go;nhowever, if we go I will have to pretend to be Annie.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I will have to act like I'm with Colby; otherwise,npeople will get wise of who I am. So are you still willing to go?' \"Hallie, in what way will you be acting like you andnColby are together?\" \"We will be sitting next to each other. If there isnany dancing, we'll probably spend a lot of our time dancing.\" \"Will there be any intimate contact between you andnColby?\" Hallie asked in a surprised manner, \"What? No, ofncourse not. Colby is my sister's boyfriend.\" \"I was just wondering how far you and Colby would takenthis.\" \"We may hug now and then as brother and sister would,nbut it stops at that and dancing. So do you want to go?\" \"Sure.\" Minutes later Hallie was writing an email message tonAnnie. Spencer read aloud what Hallie was typing out. \"Craig humsnwhen he has a good hand. Julian taps his fingers on the table when henbluffs.\" Spencer stopped reading. \"Hallie, isn't what you arendoing cheating?\" \"Spencer, Annie is pretending to be me and I knownthis. In time Annie would learn it too on her own, so I'm justngiving her a head start. You wouldn't help out a friend in thisnmanner?\" \"Okay, maybe I would. So do you win when you play?\" \"I will put it to you this way. I rarely walked awaynfrom the table with less money than when I started with. Annie is thensame way.\" \"So I wouldn't want to be in a game with you andnAnnie together.\" \"If you can't afford to lose, I wouldn't recommendnit.\" Hallie pressed the send button. \"Okay, as soon as I log offnwe can go.\" As Hallie was logging off Spencer asked, \"Hallie,nshould we meet at the club or do you want to ride together?\" Hallie stood up. \"We probably should meet at the club.nIf the wrong person sees us arriving together that might rousensuspicions.\" \"I understand.\" Hallie and Spencer then walked away from the computer. A few minutes later Hallie and Spencer were walking intonthe club. After seeing Colby and his group they walked over andnjoined them. Colby introduced Spencer to his five friends. As the group carried on a conversation, Hallie remainednquiet and listened to everyone talk. After a short time Colbynrealized Hallie was being too quiet and asked, \"Annie, is therenanything wrong?\" Hallie whispered in Colby's ear, \"I thought I can donthis, but I don't think I'm ready. Being here reminds me too muchnof where Scott and I used to go.\" \"Hallie, you just got here.\" \"I know, but I'm not ready to be here. Can you walknme out?\" \"All right.\" Hallie and Colby stood up. Hallie then said, \"Everyone,nI'm sorry to leave so soon, but I'm not feeling too well.\" \"You're leaving?\" asked Spencer. \"Yes, but before I leave can I get those notes fromnyou,\" said Hallie. \"What notes?\" Hallie said with an expression on her face as if to playnalong, \"The notes that is in your car.\" \"Oh, oh, yes those notes. How can I forget thosennotes?\" Hallie gave him a look as if not to over act. \"I willnjust go out with you and Colby.\" \"Bye, Annie,\" said the group. \"Bye,\" said Hallie. Seconds later Hallie, Colby and Spencer were leaving thenclub. Just after stepping out Spencer asked, \"Hallie, what'snwrong?\" \"I thought I was ready to be here, but I'm not.\" \"So are you going home?\" \"It's too early to go home, but I can't be here.\" \"Where are you going?\" asked Spencer. \"I'm not sure, but it won't be any clubs, stadiumsnor coffee shops.\" Spencer looked at Hallie in a curious manner.n\"Scott and I spent a lot of our time in those places.\" \"Hallie, there's a play at the theater tonight,\"nsaid Spencer. \"It supposed to be a good.\" \"I believe I can do the theater. Okay, let's go tonthere.\" \"Should we meet there?\" \"We can go in the same car; however, I don't want tonleave Annie's car in this parking lot.\" \"We can go in your car then.\" \"Okay.\" \"Hallie, I will see you and Spencer tomorrow,\" saidnColby. Hallie gave Colby a hug and said, \"Colby, thanks. Inappreciate what you tried to do for me.\" \"You're welcome.\" After ending the hug Hallie and Spencer went to the car. A few minutes later Hallie and Spencer were receivingntheir tickets. Spencer then said, \"We still have an hour before wenhave to take our seats. Perhaps we can get something to eat beforenthe show.\" \"What place do you have in mind?\" \"What about that restaurant around the corner?\" \"Not that one.\" \"What is wrong with that one?\" \"That restaurant is supposed to be very romantic.\" \"I'm the wrong man to take into a romanticnrestaurant?\" \"No-no, I didn't mean that. Two days before Scottnwas killed we went to a very romantic restaurant.\" \"So romantic restaurants are also on your list ofnplaces to avoid.\" \"For now.\" \"Hallie, there is a fast food restaurant not too farnfrom here. Do you have any problems with that?\" \"No problems. Lead the way.\" At Harvard Annie was walking with Julian through thencorridor towards their next class. Just before reaching their classnTravis, Scott's roommate from the previous year, walked up tonAnnie. \"Hallie, I'm glad I finally ran into you,\" saidnTravis. \"We need to talk.\" Annie looked at her watch and said, \"I would be morenthan happy to talk after class.\" \"Hallie, this is very important,\" said Travis. \"Travis, we barely have enough time to get to class asnit is,\" said Julian. \"We stayed too long at the coffee shop,\" said Annie. \"Of course, the coffee shop,\" said Travis. \"Indidn't think to look for you there.\" \"You've been looking for me?\" asked Annie. \"Hallie, can we talk in private?\" asked Travis. \"Can this wait after class?\" \"Hallie, it's about Scott.\" \"What about him?\" Travis looked at Julian and said, \"I would like tondiscuss this in private.\" \"Hallie, I will make an excuse for you if you arenlate,\" said Julian. \"Thanks, Julian,\" said Annie. Annie watched for a second as Julian walked away. Shenthen asked, \"Travis, what is so important?\" \"Hallie, Scott would have never killed himself.\" \"No one is saying he committed suicide. It was annaccident. He was flying erratic and he over stressed the wings.\" \"That's just it; he would not have done that even bynaccident.\" \"I'm sorry, but I don't understand what you arengetting at.\" \"Hallie, by me being Scott's roommate last year, Ingot to know him very well and I'm here to tell you, Scott knew hisnplanes. All you have to do is name a plane and he can tell you whatnkinds of stress that a plane can endure and at what speeds. He wouldnhave never over stressed the wings on a plane.\" \"Are you telling me that Scott wasn't in the planenthat crashed?\" \"That is not what I'm saying.\" \"Travis, I'm a little confused to what you arentrying to tell me.\" \"Hallie, there is only one way for Scott to overnstress the wings on a plane and that is if the wings or the planenwere tampered with.\" \"Are you telling me that someone killed Scott?\" \"I'd tried to tell you this a few months ago, butnyou wouldn't talk to anyone after Scott's death.\" \"Who would want to kill Scott?\" \"From the grapevine I heard Michael Bowman had angrudge against Scott.\" \"What kind of grudge?\" \"Truthfully, I don't know, but it has something tondo with Michael getting into an accident after the last game he wasnin.\" \"Travis, apparently I repressed certain memories. Cannyou refresh my memory about Michael's accident?\" Travis looked at Annie in a curious manner and said,n\"Michael never said what happen, but both of his legs and both ofnhis arms were seriously broken. He was practically immobile for thenremainder of the year. The doctor said his football career wasndefinitely over before it got started. It was a shame too, he was angreat quarterback.\" \"Travis, I'm still having trouble remembering. Whatnwere Michael and Scott doing when Michael got injured?\" \"Hallie, that was the weekend that you and Scott leftnthe Boston Area.\" \"I'm sorry, but I seem to be confused. You'rentelling me that Michael had a grudge against Scott because Michaelnwas injured, but Scott and I were in a different city when he wasninjured.\" \"Hey, I'm just telling you what I heard.\" \"Who did you hear this from?\" \"Every football player on the team heard it.\" \"Maybe I should talk to Michael after my class. Do younknow where I can find him?\" \"He never returned to Harvard this year.\" \"Of course not; that would be too simple. Travis, donyou know of anyone else that would want Scott killed.\" \"Except for Michael everyone got along with Scott.\" \"So Scott and Michael didn't get along?\" Travis asked in a sarcastic manner, \"Hallie, you didnattend Harvard last year, didn't you?\" \"Travis, please humor me.\" \"They got along up until the last game that Michaelnplayed in.\" \"What happened that day?\" \"No one knows.\" \"Travis, was Michael's last game recorded?\" \"Of course. All games are recorded. The coach usesnthem to show us what we are doing wrong.\" \"Where would I go if I want to review that game?\" \"I can get the tape for you, but why do you want tonwatch it?\" \"Perhaps why Michael had a grudge against Scott hasnsomething to do with that game.\" \"I don't see how. If anything Michael should bengrateful to Scott for pulling off that miracle play in the lastnseconds that won us the game.\" \"I would still like to see it.\" \"Okay, I will go get it for you. I will give it to younafter class.\" \"Okay, thanks.\" Annie then walked away from Travisnand entered her class.[Chapter 5] ChapternFive An hour later Travis was waiting in the corridor withnthe tape. As Annie and Julian were walking out of the classroomnTravis walked up to Annie. He then said, \"Hallie, here is that tapenyou requested.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Hallie, what tape is that?\" asked Julian. \"It's the last football game that Michael Bowmannplayed in,\" said Travis. \"Hallie wanted to see it.\" \"Hallie, you should have a vivid memory of that day,\"nsaid Julian. \"Why should I?\" asked Annie. \"I just thought you would have. Michael had you verynupset for not passing the ball to Scott.\" \"Actually, no one could figure out why Michael wasn'tnpassing the ball to Scott,\" said Travis. \"Well, I'm going to take this tape to my dorm andnwatch it,\" said Annie. \"Do you mind if I watch also?\" asked Julian. \"I don't mind at all. Travis, you are also welcomento come.\" \"Okay, sure,\" said Travis. Minutes later Annie was introducing Kristina to Juliannand Travis. All of them then sat down and watched the game. As they watched the game Annie noticed that Michaelnwould draw back to throw, but delayed in throwing. Annie then madenthe comment, \"In a lot of these plays Michael has plenty of time tonthrow the ball, but didn't.\" \"He almost seemed to have been allowing himself to getnsacked in some of those plays,\" said Kristina. \"I want to look at something,\" said Annie. She thennfast-forward to the final play. In the final play Scott was behind Michael when the ballnwas knocked from his hands. Scott recovered the fumble to run it innfor a touch down. After seeing the play Annie rewound it to thenbeginning of the play. Annie then paused the tape that showednMichael's expression when he realized what was happening. \"Hallie, what are you doing?\" asked Julian. \"I'm a good poker player,\" said Annie. \"I canntell you how good a hand a person has by the expression on thatnperson's face. That expression says that he is not happy of what henis seeing.\" \"But why wouldn't he be happy?\" asked Julian.n\"Scott made the winning touch down on that play.\" \"Unless he didn't want to win,\" said Kristina. Annie got goose bumps as she realized what happened. Shenthen said, \"Oh my God, I just found the motive.\" \"Motive for what?\" asked Julian. \"There is a chance that Scott's death wasn't annaccident. It could have been murder.\" \"Hallie, what are you talking about?\" asked Julian. \"I believe Michael was paid off to throw the game.nWhen his team won whoever paid him off, broke his legs and arms.\" \"You think someone killed Scott for winning the game?\"nasked Julian. \"Actually, I'm thinking Michael killed Scott.nTravis, according to what you said earlier Michael had a grudgenagainst Scott.\" \"Hallie, even if that is true, all you have isnsuspicion,\" said Julian. \"Julian, can you take me to the airport?\" \"I can, but you will have to show me the way.\" \"Julian, I don't remember the way.\" \"Hallie, if I didn't know better I would swearnyou're not the same person from last year,\" said Julian. \"You do seem like a different person,\" said Travis. Kristina looked at Annie in a curious manner. \"Scott was killed or possibly murdered a few monthsnago. It is only natural to repress certain memories.\" \"It seem as though you repress the wrong memories,\"nsaid Julian. \"I can't help that. I will get the direction to thenairport from the internet. I will be back in a minute.\" Annie thennwent into her room. \"Julian; Travis, I just remembered there is somethingnI need to do,\" said Kristina. Kristina then left the dorm. After logging onto the internet Annie clicked on thenemail that Hallie had sent her. Annie slightly chuckled and said justnabove a whisper, \"Thanks for the hint, Hal.\" Annie then searchednfor the directions to the airport. A few minutes later she left hernroom with the directions. \"Okay, I'm set.\" \"Hallie, when is your next class?\" asked Julian. Annie looked at her watch and said, \"I have an hournand half hours before my next class.\" \"Hallie, the airport is more than an hour away in onendirection,\" said Julian. \"So should we wait until after yournclass?\" \"You might have a point. Travis, who is thenquarterback this year?\" \"Lloyd Taylor has been the quarterback since Michael'sninjuries,\" said Travis. \"Where would he be right now?\" \"I don't know right now, but in a half hour we arensupposed to be at the practice field.\" \"What do you want with Lloyd?\" asked Julian. \"I'm thinking whoever paid off Michael to throw thengame wouldn't stop at Michael,\" said Annie. \"Lloyd won't admit to it even if someone is payingnhim off,\" said Julian. \"Then we will trick him into telling us,\" saidnAnnie. \"How will we do that?\" asked Travis. \"Julian and I are poker players. We will just bluff.\" \"You do know that doesn't always work,\" saidnTravis. \"If it doesn't work then it doesn't work,\" saidnAnnie. \"We should go to the practice field. Maybe we will get luckynand he will be there early.\" \"Okay, follow me,\" said Travis. Annie, Julian and Travis hung around the practice fieldnfor ten minutes. Travis then looked at his watch and said, \"Hallie,nI have to suit up.\" \"Sure, go ahead,\" said Annie. \"Julian and I willnbe right here.\" Fifteen minutes later Julian saw Lloyd and three othersnapproaching. They were wearing their football uniform and carryingntheir helmets. Annie's back was turned towards them. Julian gestured towards the group and said, \"Hallie,nLloyd is approaching.\" Annie turned to face him. A second later the four werenwalking up. As Annie looked at each of the men Annie said, \"LloydnTaylor, we need to talk,\" Lloyd and the others stopped walking. Lloyd then asked,n\"What about?\" Annie looked at Lloyd and as she pointed to a secludednarea she asked, \"Can we go over there?\" Lloyd looked at his friends and said, \"Hey guys, Inwill catch up in a second.\" He then gestured for Annie to walk.nJulian remained where he was as Annie and Lloyd walked a shortndistance from him. \"So Hallie, what's up?\" \"I just got an interesting call earlier from MichaelnBowman,\" said Annie. \"He is now in a mental facility for thencriminally insane.\" \"Okay and why would I want to know this?\" \"Bear with me. He called me in the facility after henwas sent there after confessing in murdering my boyfriend Scott.\" \"What does that have to do with me?\" \"Michael murdered Scott because Scott won a game thatnMichael was supposed to have lost.\" Lloyd had a concernednexpression on his face. \"Michael was being paid off to throw thengame and when Scott won Michael's legs and arms were broken. Sincenhis football career was over he had nothing to lose, so he killed thenperson that inadvertently ended his career.\" \"Again what does that have to do with me?\" \"Lloyd, you need to go to the authorities and reportnthe person that is bribing you to throw games.\" Lloyd looked atnAnnie as if he was scared to say anything. Annie looked at Lloyd in anway as if to say, \"Hey I know everything.\" \"Hallie, he will kill me if I go to the cops.\" \"Scott is dead, so do you really think I care aboutnyour fears? You have two choices. Either you go to the authorities ornI will. If I go to the authorities any football career you werenhoping to get will be over for being an accomplice.\" Lloyd looked in Julian's direction and said, \"Therenis a third choice.\" Annie looked at Lloyd in a curious manner. \"Incan kill you and Julian.\" Annie said with a confident expression on her face,n\"That might work if it was just me and him that know about yournlittle deal, and of course our deaths would raise suspicions. Do younreally want to take that chance?\" \"It seems that you're not giving me a choice.\" \"No, I'm not.\" Without saying another word Lloyd turned and walked backntowards the locker room. As Julian walked up to Annie, Annie exhaledna breath of relief. \"Hallie, what happen?\" asked Julian. \"I believe he is on his way to the authorities.\" \"So he confessed?\" \"Yeah he did.\" \"So all we need now is to find evidence on Michael fornmurder.\" Annie looked at her watch and said, \"If you don'tnhave any objection I would like to go to the airport right after mynlast class.\" \"Hallie, my class begins when your ends.\" \"We can wait after yours ends.\" \"Hallie, should we tell Cindy about our suspicion?\" \"I'm thinking we should get proof first. Now I'mngoing to get lunch.\" As Annie and Julian were walking off the field Juliannsaid, \"I'll join you. Hallie, I'm beginning to understand why Incan't beat you at poker. You are able to bluff too well.\" Annie grinned. She then said, \"Oh Julian, I need anpicture of Michael.\" \"I will get it for you.\" \"Thanks.\" In London Hallie and Spencer were leaving the theater.nChessy and Martin were also leaving the theater. As Hallie andnSpencer were walking up to the car Chessy and Martin saw them. \"Hey there's Annie and Colby. Let's go say hi,\"nsaid Chessy. She and Martin then walked towards them. \"I don't think that is Colby,\" said Martin. Hallie unlocked Spencer's door first. Just beforenHallie was able to walk to her side Spencer made a gesture to kissnher. Hallie backed away from Spencer and slowly shook her head.nChessy and Martin stopped walking towards them and watched. \"Spencer, I can't,\" said Hallie. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Hey, that's okay. So I guess you should take me tonmy car.\" As Hallie was getting in the car Chessy and Martinnwalked away. After starting the car Hallie delayed in backing up. Shenthen said, \"Spencer, I loved Scott and I just can't move on thisnquick.\" \"Hallie, I understand and I'm sorry.\" \"Don't apologize. You didn't do anything wrong.\"nHallie then put the car into reverse. As Hallie was backing out of the parking spot Spencernlooked at his watch and asked, \"So are you in a hurry to go home?\" Hallie looked at her watch and said, \"I've better.nSpencer, I did enjoy tonight.\" \"Me too.\" Minutes later Hallie was parking her car next tonSpencer's car. Hallie and Spencer talked for several minutes beforenSpencer opened the door to get out. After closing the door Spencernwaved bye. An hour later Hallie was parking her car at the house.nChessy and Martin were the only ones home. They were in the kitchenndrinking tea. As Hallie was walking in Chessy stuck her head out fromnthe kitchen and asked, \"Annie, can I see you for a second?\" \"Sure,\" said Hallie. While carrying her book bagnHallie walked into the Kitchen. \"What is going on?\" \"Your mom and dad left for Napa,\" said Chessy. \"Theynshould be back tomorrow night.\" \"Is there anything wrong?\" \"There was a fire at the vineyard. Nothing seriousnthough. Just part of the crops was destroyed. Your father just wantednto go and assess the damages.\" \"Thanks, Chessy, for telling me.\" \"So Annie, how are things between you and Colby?\" \"Things are good.\" \"There is nothing going on between you two?\" \"Like what?\" \"You're not having a fight or anything like that?\" \"Chessy, we are fine. Why are you asking me this?\" \"Martin and I were at the theater tonight. We saw younwith a guy that wasn't Colby.\" \"Spencer, the guy you saw me with, is my studynpartner. We have four classes together. Colby had something going onntonight, so I went to the theater with Spencer.\" \"So there is nothing going on between you andnSpencer?\" \"No, but if it was, wouldn't that be my concern?\" \"Annie, I just don't want to see you do anything younwill regret later.\" \"Chessy, thanks for your concern, but I'm not doingnanything to regret later; honest.\" \"Okay.\" \"Well, I had better start my homework.\" Hallie thennwalked out of the kitchen. At a small airport in Massachusetts Julian parked hisnJeep Liberty at the airport. A few buildings set just off the runway.nAn office building set adjacent to the parking lot. A flying lessonnsign also faced the parking lot. After leaving the vehicle Annie andnJulian walked into the flight school. A man was writing in a schedulenbook on the employee side of the counter. After they walked up to thencounter Annie read the man's nametag. As Annie was getting the picture of Michael out of hernpurse she said, \"Excuse me, Rich.\" Rich said as he continued to write, \"I will be withnyou in a second, young lady.\" A second later he put his pencilndown. \"So young lady, what can I do for you?\" \"Rich, were you working here a few months ago?\" \"Yes,\" said Rich. \"Hey you were the one I had tonpractically tackle when you were running towards a plane that crashednoff the runway.\" \"Actually, that is the reason I'm here. I would likento ask a few questions about that day or even a few days before.\" \"What kind of questions?\" Annie handed Rich the picture of Michael and asked,n\"Have you ever seen this person?\" \"I could have, but I don't know for certain. Peoplencome and go around here. If it wasn't for the accident I doubt Inwould recognize you.\" Rich handed the picture back to Annie. Julian added, \"He might have been using a cane ornwalking with a limp.\" \"Again, I can't help,\" said Rich. \"What happened to the wreckage of the plane?\" askednAnnie. \"The FAA took it and had it analyzed to determine whatncaused the crash,\" said Rich. \"In this particular crash it wasnpilot error.\" \"If someone would want a plane to crash like thatnplane did how would the person go about it?\" asked Annie. \"Young lady, I'm not sure how I should respond tonsuch question,\" said Rich. \"Scott, the person who was killed in the crash, was anvery, very good pilot,\" said Annie. \"For the crash to be thenresult of pilot error is something I can't accept without exploringnother possibilities.\" \"I think I understand, but I'm unable to help you,\"nsaid Rich. \"Is there anyone that can?\" asked Annie. \"You can send an enquiry to the FAA, but more thannlikely all they will do is send you the results of theninvestigation,\" said Rich. \"Do you want the information you neednto send the enquiry?\" \"That would be good,\" said Annie. Rich took the timento get the information for Annie. He then handed Annie theninformation. \"Thank you.\" Rich just nodded his head. Annie andnJulian walked a few feet from the counter when Annie stopped andnfaced Rich again. \"Oh Rich, was all of the debris from the crashncleaned up.\" \"As far as I know it was,\" said Rich. \"Thanks again,\" said Annie. Annie and Julian walked out of the building. \"What now, Hallie?\" asked Julian. Annie was looking up at the roof of each building. Shenthen said, \"I don't know.\" \"What are you looking for?\" \"I'm trying to see if there are any surveillancencameras,—\" Annie saw a camera on one of the buildings. \"—andnthere is one on that building over there. Julian let's go and seenif they have tapes dating back to the crash. Perhaps we can getnlucky.\" Seconds later Annie and Julian were walking into thenbuilding. There were four people in the building. Mack, the supervisor, saw Annie and Julian entering thenbuilding. He walked up to them and said, \"Hey you two; authorizednpersonnel only in the building.\" Annie held up the picture of Michael and said, \"Wendon't mean to trespass, but we are asking everyone we can if he ornshe saw this person.\" \"Let me see the picture,\" said Mack. Annie handednhim the picture. \"I've never seen this guy before.\" Mack handednthe picture back to Annie. \"Sir, I noticed that there is a surveillance cameranoutside,\" said Annie. \"How long do you keep the tapes for?\" \"Not very long; maybe a few weeks at a time, if evennthat,\" said Mack. \"Thanks for your time,\" said Annie. \"Young lady, what is this all about?\" asked Mack. \"My boyfriend was the pilot who crashed the plane offnthe runway a few months ago.\" She then held up the picture again.n\"This may sound absurd and I might be looking for something that isnnot there, but I have my reasons to suspect that this man hadntampered with my boyfriend's plane sometime before the crash.\" \"Wait one second, young lady,\" said Mack. \"I told you it may sound absurd,\" said Annie. \"No-no-no, it's not that,\" said Mack. \"There isnsomeone who might have the answer you are looking for. Can you sticknaround for about twenty minutes?\" \"Of course.\" \"Good. You and your friend can come with me to mynoffice.\" Annie and Julian followed Mack to his office. Just afternentering the room Mack picked up the phone and dialed it. There was anshort silence. He then said, \"Sarah hi, I need you to bring Tobiasnto the airport.\" There was another short silence. \"Okay, bye.\" As Mack was hanging up the phone Annie asked, \"Who isnTobias?\" \"Tobias is my ten-year-old son.\" \"Is he who you want me to talk to?\" \"Yes. A week, possibly even two weeks, before thenaccident I was working almost till midnight. Tobias was here at thenairport that night with me.\" Annie held up the picture and asked, \"So Tobias mightnhave seen this man?\" \"He swears he saw someone that night. I didn't thinkntoo much about because he has a habit of making up wild stories.\" \"Sir, I appreciate you taking the time to help me.\" \"No problem; by the way you can call me Mack.\" \"I'm Hallie,—\" Annie gestured to Julian. \"—andnthis is a friend of mine, Julian.\" Mack and Julian shook hands. Mack then asked, \"So cannI offer you two a soda while you wait?\" \"Sure,\" said Annie. \"Pepsi if you have it.\" \"I will take the same,\" said Julian. \"Two Pepsi's coming up.\" Mack then walked away. Twenty-five minutes later Sarah and Tobias were walkingnin. When Mack saw them he said, \"Tobias, good you arenhere.\" \"Dad, what is going on? Mom said you wanted to seenme.\" \"Tobias, I would like for you to meet Hallie andnJulian. Hallie; Julian this is my son and of course my wife Sarah.\" Annie just waved at Sarah. \"Hi,\" said Sarah. \"Tobias, I would like for you to think back to thennight I was working real late and you were with me. I want you tontell me what you saw.\" \"Dad, you told me to stop talking nonsense.\" \"Tobias, I made a mistake that time. Of course that isnwhat happens when you tell stories. When something does happen, nonone will believe you.\" Annie asked, \"Tobias, can you tell us what you sawnthat night?\" \"Well I heard noises as if someone was working on annairplane. I was wondering who would be working on an airplane duringnthe night, so I went to look. The guy was finishing up when I gotnthere. I was only able to watch for a short time before he picked upnhis tools and limped away.\" \"What do you mean he limp away?\" asked Annie. \"The guy acted as if his legs were hurting him. Henrubbed his arms a lot too.\" \"Tobias, did you see the guy's face by any chance?\"nasked Annie. \"I only saw part of his face.\" Annie handed Tobias the picture of Michael and asked,n\"Tobias, have you seen this man before?\" \"I'm not certain, but I believe this is the guy Insaw.\" \"Tobias, do you remember which plane the guy wasnworking on?\" asked Julian. \"I think it was the one that crashed before summernbreak.\" Annie looked at Mack and said, \"Mack, we need to takenwhat we know to the police.\" \"Mack, what is going on?\" asked Sarah. Mack walked up to Sarah and whispered to where Tobiasncouldn't hear, \"There is a possibility that the guy who wasnkilled three or four months ago was murdered.\" \"Oh lord,\" said Sarah. \"Mom, what's going on?\" asked Tobias. \"Your father just told me some news that's all.\" \"Mack, where is the police station?\" asked Annie. \"Hallie, you and your friend can follow me,\" saidnSarah. \"That would be great,\" said Annie. \"Mack, thanksnfor your help.\" \"You're welcome.\"[Chapter 6] ChapternSix An hour later, Annie, Julian and Sarah were telling thenpolice what they suspected. After giving their statements thensergeant went into the back room to run a background check on Hallie,nJulian, Scott and Michael. The background check took a few minutes toncomplete. After getting the results the sergeant and the captainnwalked back out to where Annie, Julian, Sarah and Tobias werensitting. \"Miss Hallie Parker, I am Capt. Wallace.\" \"Capt. Wallace, you can call me Hallie.\" \"Well Hallie, you do realize these are seriousnaccusation you are making?\" \"Yes, Capt. Wallace, I do. If I wasn't sure Inwouldn't have made them.\" \"Sergeant Owens had run a background check on you,nJulian and the others involved. You or your friend don't make anhabit of going around accusing people of crimes, so with that fact innmind and the evidence you brought in, I'm going to investigate thisnallege crime; however, if my officers don't find anything tonsupport your accusation within a reasonable amount of time thisnmatter will be drop.\" \"Thank you, Capt. Wallace.\" \"Before you thank me you should know that thisninvestigation will be attached to a permanent file in your name. Sonif we learn that you falsified any information you presented here youncan be charge for falsifying a police report. With that said do younwish to correct or change anything?\" Annie looked at Julian in a concern manner. She thennasked, \"Capt. Wallace, can I ask you a hypothetical question?\" \"Of course.\" \"What would happen if the person placing anpolice-report… a true police-report I want to add, turns out to bensomeone else from who she… or he is supposed to be?\" \"That person can be in serious trouble. With thatnsaid, is your name Hallie Parker?\" \"Hallie Parker is in London attending OxfordnUniversity which is where I'm supposed to be.\" Julian, Sarah andnTobias looked at Annie in a surprised manner. \"I'm Annie James,nHallie's twin sister. We switched places.\" In a skeptical tone Julian asked, \"What?\" \"Hallie was very depressed over Scott's death, so Inthought by switching universities for one semester would cheer hernup.\" \"So you are supposed to be in Oxford University whilenHallie, your twin sister, is supposed to be in Harvard?\" askednCapt. Wallace. \"Yes, Captain. We are taking the same courses, so wenwon't hurt one another's grade. Capt. Wallace, are you requirednto report this to the University? We were going to switch back afternthe semester ended.\" \"Was your identity the only thing you weren'tnexactly truthful about?\" \"The rest of the information I gave is accurate.\" \"Well… Annie, since the facts are you and yournsister are doing this willingly and since you and your sister don'tnseem to be hurting anyone and the fact that you were upfront with me,nI will turned a blind eye to your switch,\" said Capt. Wallace.nCapt. Wallace then noticed that Julian looked agitated. \"Thank you.\" \"However, I don't think your friend will,\" saidnCapt. Wallace. \"Capt. Wallace, is there anything else you need?\" \"I believe I have everything I need. Everyone is freento leave.\" As everyone was standing up Annie said, \"Thanksnagain.\" Seconds later Annie, Julian, Sarah and Tobias werenleaving the police station. As they were stepping onto the parking lot Sarah said,n\"Annie, I found the events here interesting to say the least.\"nAnnie just grinned. \"I hope things work out for you and Hallie.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Well, bye,\" said Sarah. \"Bye,\" said Annie. \"Bye Tobias.\" \"Bye,\" said Tobias. As Sarah and Tobias were walking away, Annie facednJulian. Julian had a very serious expression on his face. Annie thennsaid, \"You look angry.\" \"You bet I'm angry. In fact, I don't know what I'mnangrier about; the fact that you withheld the truth of who you are ornthe fact that you flat lied to me and everyone at the coffee shop.\" \"I never lied to you at the coffee shop.\" \"Let me refresh your memory… Annie. You told us atnthe table that your… let's see, you're Annie, so it was yournmom who married Hallie's dad about seven years ago.\" \"And that is true. Our parents were separated andndivorced for eleven years. Hallie and I didn't know the othernexisted until we went to the same summer camp. We switched placesnafter camp was over and when our parents met for the first time inneleven years… well that's actually a long story in itself, but innthe end our parents got remarried.\" \"Okay, for argument sake let's say I believe you.nWhy did you hide that you and Hallie were twins.\" \"Hallie hid the fact from everyone because she likednScott.\" \"I understand her reasons, but your reasons are what Inwant to hear.\" \"Well, once I found out that Scott had somethingnagainst dating a twin I felt that I was stuck keeping the secret. Injust didn't know how Cindy would react to the news.\" \"You lied to Cindy though about not knowing whatnhappen between Scott and Hallie the last two days.\" \"I didn't lie actually. Hallie refused to say whatnhappened, so at the time I didn't know. I got her to tell me afternI knew enough to confront her about it.\" \"So what really happen between Hallie and Scott?\" \"Hallie confessed to Scott that she was an identicalntwin. After she confessed Scott took off by himself to think. Hallienfound out the morning of the plane crash as to where Scott was. Inbelieve you know the rest.\" \"So Hallie took Scott's death very hard because shenblames herself.\" \"Exactly.\" \"Annie, if we are done here we've better get back tonHarvard.\" Annie just made a gesture as if she agreed. They thennwalked towards the vehicle. \"Julian, I know you have no reason to keep my secret,nbut I would be grateful if you did.\" \"Annie, I will keep your secret because Hallie is anfriend, but I would like for you to come clean with Cindy.\" As they were approaching the Jeep Annie said, \"Inbelieve we have enough evidence against Michael to tell Cindyneverything.\" Annie and Julian were quiet for a few minutes afterngetting in the vehicle. A mile from the police station Julian brokenthe silence by asking, \"Annie, how about telling me that long storynyou mention about your parents?\" \"I would be happy to, but that story actually beginsnat the summer camp where Hallie and I met.\" Annie then told hernstory in detail. An hour later Julian was parking his vehicle in thenHarvard's parking lot. As Annie and Julian were walking from thenparking lot Kristina walked up to Annie. \"Hallie, can we talk for a minute?\" asked Kristina. \"Of course,\" said Annie. \"Hallie, I will see you later,\" said Julian. \"Okay. Bye,\" said Annie. Julian walked away \"SonKristina, what's going on?\" \"Your sister's hair was never dyed. She was wearingna wig.\" \"How do you know?\" \"I found two hair strands on my car seat and I tooknthem to the science lab to have then analyzed.\" \"That's good news. My sister isn't over dyeing hernhair.\" \"Have your sister ever dyed her hair?\" \"You think I would lie about her dyeing her hair?\" \"If you and your sister had plans to change places Inbelieve you would.\" Annie said in an amused manner, \"You think I'mnAnnie.\" \"You and your sister are identical twins. Both Juliannand Travis had mentioned that you seem like a different person thannwho you were last year. Do I need to dig up further proof?\" \"Kristina, I understand why you suspect me as being mynsister, but you are reaching.\" \"I don't believe I am… Annie.\" \"And by a small chance that you are right and I amnAnnie, what would you do?\" \"I don't want to report you if that is what younthink.\" \"Then why would you worry if I'm Annie or Hallie?\" \"I would like to form a friendship with you, but Indon't know who I would be forming a friendship with. Plus I believenI can help you with the possible murder investigation. In factnforensic science is my area of study.\" \"I will deny this if it gets to the dean; however,nyour suspicion of me being Annie is greatly more than a smallnchance.\" \"I knew it.\" \"Kristina, Scott's death was a major blow to Hallie.nShe fell in a serious depression. I changed places with her to helpnher to recover from her depression. So please don't say anything tonanyone.\" \"Annie, I am new to Harvard with very few friends, sonI would be a fool if I start alienating people. Plus for the past fewnhours I've been hearing on how popular the black-eight-group wasnlast year. I would be too unpopular if I rat on one of its members.\" \"According to Hallie only Samantha Mitchell and hernsister Amanda call the group the black-eight-group.\" \"Those two might be the only two that openly refers tonthe group as the black-eight-group, but from what I hear everyonenknows that group.\" \"Ah, well for whatever reason you're keeping mynsecret, thank you.\" \"So Annie, do you play poker as much as Hallie?\" \"I do. In fact there's a game tonight. Would younlike to join us?\" \"I heard the group just doesn't let anyone play.\" \"Well, they think I'm Hallie, so perhaps I can getnyou in.\" \"Thanks, Annie.\" Minutes later Cindy knocked on Hallie's dorm door.nAnnie was in the bedroom as Kristina was opening the door. \"Hi, this is Hallie's dorm room isn't?\" askednCindy. \"Yeah, Hallie is in the bedroom. I'm Hallie'snroommate, Kristina. Please come in.\" As Cindy was entering Cindy said, \"Hi, I'm Cindy. Inwas Hallie's roommate last year.\" Cindy saw Annie as she wasnwalking out of the bedroom. Kristina turned to look. \"Hallie, arenyou ready to go?\" \"Cindy, would it be a problem if Kristina comes too?\" \"Hallie, have you forgotten that the group has to votenbefore allowing someone in?\" asked Cindy. \"Cindy, everything isn't like it was last year. Injust thought we could make an exception.\" \"Hallie, I would prefer if we vote on it like we didnlast year,\" said Cindy. \"Hallie, thanks anyway, but I don't want to upsetnthings,\" said Kristina. \"Kristina, I will bring this up for a vote,\" saidnAnnie. \"Even if I don't get voted in, thanks,\" saidnKristina. \"No problem,\" said Annie. \"So Hallie, are you ready?\" asked Cindy. \"I'm ready,\" said Annie. A short time later Annie and Cindy were walking into thenhouse. Becky, Susan, Todd, Julian and Craig were there already. \"So you two decided to join us,\" said Todd. Annie looked at her watch and said, \"We're notnlate.\" \"I never said you were late, but everyone else hasnbeen here for thirty minutes.\" \"Hallie, I made my famous chili that you like sonwell,\" said Craig. \"It's setting on the stove.\" \"Thanks. I will get some later.\" \"This is a first,\" said Craig. Annie looked at Craignin a curious manner. \"Hallie, you normally go straight to mynchili.\" Annie showed a nervous grin. \"So who's ready to play some poker?\" asked Becky. \"Before we do, there's something I want to say toneveryone,\" said Annie. \"Hallie wants to take a vote, so she can bring hernroommate next time,\" said Cindy. \"That's not what I want to tell everyone.\" \"Then what is it?\" asked Cindy. \"This morning I was not exactly sincere to everyone atnthe coffee shop.\" \"What are you talking about, Hallie?\" asked Susan. Annie looked at Julian and said, \"That just it, I'mnnot Hallie.\" Julian just stood back and remained quiet. Annie thennturned to face Cindy. \"What do you mean you're not Hallie?\" asked Craig. \"I'm Hallie's twin sister, Annie.\" \"Hallie, that is not a funny joke,\" said Cindy. \"Cindy, I'm not joking. Hallie confessed to Scott ofnbeing a twin two nights before Scott was killed.\" Cindy asked in an agitated voice, \"So you knew allnalong of what happened between Hallie and Scott?\" \"That is not true. Hallie would never confide in me ofnwhat happened. I got her to tell me earlier today after I found outnthat Scott had a problem with dating a twin. In fact you gave me theninformation I needed to confront her about it.\" \"And you still hid the fact from us after you foundnout,\" said Cindy. \"I felt that I had no choice, but to keep the secret.\" \"You and Hallie fooled all of us, so why are younconfessing now?\" asked Cindy. \"Certain facts were brought to the surface concerningnScott's death that makes it practically impossible for me to keepnmy secret with this group.\" \"What facts?\" asked Cindy. \"I have good reason to believe that Scott's planenwas tampered with a week or two weeks before the crash. I think Scottnwas murdered.\" \"You are just trying to get the blame off of Hallie,\"nsaid Cindy. \"For that I would have simply kept the secret going.\" \"Who would want to kill Scott?\" asked Becky. \"Michael Bowman had a serious grudge against Scott,\"nsaid Annie. \"I heard that rumor too, but it is just a rumor,\"nsaid Todd. \"It more than a rumor,\" said Annie. \"I know whynScott was killed. I'm just lacking efficient evidence to prove it.\" \"Why was Scott killed?\" asked Craig. \"Michael was paid off to lose the last game he was in;nhowever, Scott was in the right place at the right time to win thengame,\" said Annie. \"Michael killed Scott for winning.\" \"How do you know this?\" asked Todd. \"Earlier today I watched the tape of Michael's lastngame. Michael was not happy at all when Scott recovered the footballnand took it for the touchdown.\" \"Wait a minute,\" said Craig. \"Michael was in annaccident that same night that ruined his football career.\" \"Michael's football career was ended that night, butnit wasn't an accident,\" said Annie. \"Whoever paid Michael offnto lose the game took retribution for them winning.\" \"Michael had planned to go pro, so I can see why henwould want to seek revenge,\" said Todd. \"Annie, how do you know that Michael was paid off?\"nasked Becky. \"If Michael was being paid off to lose games, Inthought Lloyd Taylor would be also, so I bluffed him into confessingnthat he was being paid off. I think I convinced him to go to thenauthorities.\" \"You were able to bluff him?\" asked Todd. \"Yes,\" said Annie. Susan looked in Julian'sndirection. \"I was able to convince Lloyd that Michael confessed toneverything when he didn't.\" \"Julian, you are very quiet,\" said Susan. \"I'm quiet because I knew about everything for thenpast two hours. I was also there when Annie discovered the motive fornScott's murder.\" \"And you didn't tell us?\" asked Cindy. \"Annie wanted to be the one to tell everyone and Insupported her decision.\" \"So what do we do now?\" asked Cindy. \"About what?\" asked Julian. \"About collecting evidence against Michael,\" saidnCindy. \"I'm not sure if there is anything we can do,\"nsaid Annie. \"I did take the evidence I was able to collect to thencops though.\" \"Annie, you bluffed Lloyd into confessing,\" saidnCindy. \"So how likely can you bluff Michael into confessing?\" \"I thought of that, but I don't even know how to getna message to him,\" said Annie. \"Annie, if I can come up with how to reach him do younthink you can bluff him?\" asked Todd. \"It is certainly worth a shot.\" \"Annie, if you can get Michael into confessing or atnleast get him to reveal what he did then you would definitely redeemnyourself with me,\" said Cindy. \"Cindy, no offence, but I won't be doing this tonredeem myself with you. I will be doing this for Hallie.\" \"Regardless of the reason, thank you.\" \"You're welcome.\" \"I don't think we can do anything about thisntonight,\" said Craig. \"So should we play poker?\" \"I'm up for it,\" said Susan. \"Everyone is willing to allow me to play?\" askednAnnie. \"I'm mean, I'm not exactly part of the group; Hallienis.\" \"I supposed that's true; however, we will over looknthat fact,\" said Becky. \"I agree,\" said Todd. \"Does anyone disagree?\" Nonone spoke up. \"Annie, you are in. If you're as good as Hallie Injust hope you take it easy on us.\" \"Hallie and I play just alike,\" said Annie. \"Should we give you our money now or should we let younearn it?\" asked Susan. \"It would take the fun away if I don't earn it,\"nsaid Annie. As everyone was walking towards the poker table Craignsaid, \"You sound more like Hallie now than you did earlier.\" As everyone, except for Cindy, was taking his or hernseats Annie said, \"What can I say, we both love the thrill of thengame.\" Craig picked up the cards and shuffled them. \"I'll sit out the first hand,\" said Cindy. \"Annie,nI'm going to get a bowl of chili; do you want me to bring you backnsome?\" \"I'm good for now. Thanks anyway.\" \"I hope you like chili,\" said Craig. Cindy walkedntowards the kitchen. \"I made plenty.\" \"I do like chili, but not as much as Hallie.\" \"I guess we found the secret of telling you twonapart,\" said Todd. Annie grinned. As Craig started to deal the cards he said, \"Okay,nfive card draw; jacks or better to open and nothing wild.\" \"Annie, Cindy had mentioned earlier that you wanted tonbring your roommate the next time we played poker?\" asked Susan. \"Since I'm not Hallie I was going to drop it.\" \"I was thinking after I do a background check on her Inthought we can vote on it,\" said Susan. \"You do background checks on the people who would likento join the game?\" \"We can go to jail for playing poker if aren'tncareful,\" said Becky. \"Especially how often we play,\" said Todd. \"And yet everyone in Harvard refer to us as thenblack-eight-group,\" said Annie. \"Most of them just suspect as to what we do, but theynhave no proof,\" said Craig. Seconds later they started the hand.[Chapter 7] ChapternSeven The following morning at Oxford University Hallie wasnleaving her first class of the day. Spencer was walking through thenhallway and saw Hallie leaving the class. He was dressed in his usualnslobbish manner. He caught up to Hallie and told her a joke. Hallie looked at Spencer and grinned. She then said, \"Incan't believe you still know jokes you haven't told me yet.\" \"I might have two or three more,\" said Spencer. \"Injust can't think of them at the moment.\" \"And what will you do when you don't have anymorenjokes to tell me?\" \"Perhaps I can start in on telling you these poems Inknow,\" said Spencer. Hallie just stared at Spencer for a secondnwith a delightful grin on her face. \"I think you would like them.\" Hallie broke the stare she was giving him and lookednaway. She then said, \"Oh Spencer, we were seen last night at thentheater, so we have to be careful where we go.\" \"Who saw us?\" \"Chessy saw us. She's kind of like my aunt.\" \"She not your aunt though?\" Hallie slightly shook her head and said, \"Six yearsnago she was my nanny; however, since she was considered family my dadndidn't want to just let her go, so my dad paid her way throughnbusiness school. She is now my parents' personal assistant.\" \"So what did Chessy say about what she saw?\" \"She was curious about why I wasn't with Colby. Inassured her of what she saw was innocent.\" Spencer said in an unconvincing tone, \"That's good.\" \"What's the matter?\" \"Nothing. So Hallie, where are you going?\" Hallie did a quick check around the hall to see who wasnaround her. She then said, \"Spencer you need to call me Annienaround the university and I'm going to the library.\" \"I'm sorry; I wasn't thinking.\" \"It's okay, I don't think anyone heard you,\"nsaid Hallie. \"What would it take for me to convince you to comenwith me for an hour or so rather than going to the library?\" \"Go with you where?\" \"I would like to surprise you.\" \"Spencer, I would really prefer to start mynassignment. I don't want to get behind after the second day of thensemester.\" \"You will still have time later. So how about it?\" \"I hope I don't regret this later, but sure.\" After leaving the university Spencer drove to thenbotanical garden. \"This is where you're taking me?\" asked Hallie. \"Do you have anything against coming here?\" askednSpencer. \"Not at all. I wanted to come here, but I wasn'tnplanning to do it today.\" As Spencer was opening his car door he asked, \"Sonshould we go in?\" \"Sure.\" As Hallie and Spencer were walking through the garden,nHallie would come across people that she and Annie knew. Afterntalking to the people briefly Hallie and Spencer would continuenthrough the garden. As Hallie and Spencer were walking down the path in ancasual manner Spencer said. \"You and your sister know a lot ofnpeople,\" \"And Colby knows the same people, so I will be hearingnabout being seen here with you from him later.\" \"Do you want to leave?\" \"It's too late now to worry about being seenntogether. Beside all these people are seeing is that we are enjoyingnthe garden together.\" \"I hope I didn't cause you any trouble.\" \"Colby is dating my sister, not me. So what kind ofntrouble would you cause me?\" \"You just said that you will hear from Colby laternabout us.\" \"He will just tell me to be more careful about beingnseen with you.\" \"That's good.\" \"So Spencer, tell me one of those poems that younknow.\" As Hallie and Spencer walked through the garden Spencernrecited several poems that he knew. Ninety minutes later Hallie and Spencer were returningnto the university to prepare for their next class. Colby saw them as they were entering the building andnwalked up to them. He then asked, \"So did you two enjoy your strollnthrough the garden?\" \"Well you found out about it quicker than I expected,\"nsaid Hallie. \"Hallie, our friends are beginning to ask questionsnabout what is going on between Annie and me,\" said Colby. \"I evenngot Penelope Wright batting her eyes at me.\" \"Who's Penelope Wright?\" asked Spencer. \"An image you don't want in your head,\" saidnColby. \"Hallie, since I can't tell our friends that you're notnAnnie what am I supposed to tell them. Annie's friends have alsonbeen curious to why you haven't been spending time with them?\" \"Colby, relax,\" said Hallie. \"We can start eatingnlunch together. I will also start hanging out with some of Annie'snfriends. That should relieve most of their curiosity.\" \"As long as Penelope stops batting her eyes at me I'llnbe happy.\" \"Well, Spencer and I have a class this coming hour andnwe can go to lunch after that.\" \"My class begins when yours end, so we can go to lunchnafter my class,\" said Colby. \"In the meantime you should go hangnout with Tracey, Robert, Angela and Lawrence.\" \"If it was just those four I would be fine withnhanging out with them, but unfortunately Helen would be among thatngroup.\" \"Helen is also Annie's friend,\" said Colby. \"Actually Helen is more Angela's friend. Annie justntolerates Helen because Annie is good friends with Angela.\" \"Annie told me that she has been friends with Angelanand Helen since she was eight.\" \"That is true, but Annie ignores a lot of what Helenndoes and says. Myself, I have a hard time ignoring Helen.\" \"What is wrong with Helen?\" asked Spencer. \"Helen is a living punch line to one of your jokes,\"nsaid Hallie. \"Seriously, what is wrong with her?\" \"She's very judgmental, she's arrogant, she a bitnsnobbish, she's has a warp sense of humor and she gets flusterednwhen someone proves her wrong.\" \"And yet you go out of you way to prove Helen wrong,\"nsaid Colby. \"I originally thought if I prove her wrong she wouldnbe less arrogant, but then it sort of became a hobby of mine.\" \"When you are pretending to be Annie can you pleasendon't go out of your way to prove Helen wrong?\" asked Colby. \"If I do that she would know who I am. As I said Annienjust ignores her, so I must do the same. Well, Spencer and I need tonget to class.\" \"I will see you in couple of hours,\" said Colby. Hallie and Spencer walked away from Colby. At Harvard Annie was leaving the cafeteria to go to hernfirst class of the day. As she was walking down the hall Susan sawnher and rushed to catch to her. Susan called out, \"Hallie,\" Annie stopped and turned around. She then asked, \"Susan,nwhat's going on?\" Susan walked up to Annie in whispering distance andnwhispered, \"Annie, do you have time to talk?\" Annie looked at her watch and said, \"I can talk for anshort time.\" \"I done that background check on Kristina Carpenter\" \"You did that already?\" \"I did and the results are iffy.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Kristina has plans to become a FBI agent afterncollege. Given who chosen career path I don't know if she can bentrusted. So whatever you do, you need to keep your true identity fromnher.\" \"And keeping my secret from her is too late.\" \"She knows who you are?\" \"Unfortunately she saw too many clues for me to keepnmy secret from her.\" \"What clues did she see?\" \"Hallie and I switched places after Hallie was alreadynhere, so she saw Hallie and me together. I wore a wig into thenairport to make us look different and Hallie wore the wig whilenleaving the airport, except that didn't stop Kristina from noticingnthat we were twins. Then in front of Kristina both Julian and Travisnmention that I seamed like a different person than who I was lastnyear. I believe that is when she went and found the third clue tonsupport her suspicions.\" \"What was the third clue?\" \"I originally told Kristina that my sister's hairnwas dyed, but she analyzed some of the loose hair she found andndiscovered it was actually hairs from a wig.\" \"Annie, you need to come up with a plan that willndefuse what she knows about you if she decides to use it againstnyou.\" \"Perhaps you and the rest of the gang can help me.\" \"You have a plan already?\" \"I do. Kristina's information is only good as longnas she knows for sure that I'm Annie, so I'm thinking to letnKristina think that Hallie and I are switching back.\" \"How are you going to do that?\" \"To begin with I need your help and the rest of thengang's help for me to become Hallie by telling me Hallie'sndetailed biography of last year. That way people will stop asking menif I attended Harvard last year. Then in front of Kristina, Hallienand I will meet at the airport again. After she believes that we hadnswitched back she would have nothing to take to the dean.\" \"You better hope she doesn't get wise of your plannand take your fingerprints to keep as evidence.\" \"I'll be careful. Also I won't tell her that younand the others know about me. If she knows that you and the othersnknow she might get wise.\" Annie looked at her watch. \"Well Inbetter get to class.\" \"Oh Annie, perhaps you should keep a journal of yourntime here. That way Hallie can read your autobiography, so shendoesn't appear out of touch when she returns\" \"That's actually a good idea. I will tell Hallie tondo the same. I will see you later.\" \"Okay, bye.\" Annie walked away. Not too far from Oxford University, Hallie was walkingninto a small café. After seeing Angela, Tracy, Helen, Robertnand Lawrence she walked over to them and sat down beside them. Helen looked at Hallie and said, \"I see you finallyndecided to be sociable.\" \"I'm sorry,\" said Hallie. \"These past couple ofndays I had a few things I had to take care of. So what was everyonendiscussing before I walked in?\" \"Actually we were discussing you and that guy Spencernyou were being seen with,\" said Helen. \"He's my study partner,\" said Hallie. \"We havenfour classes together, so we will be seen together a lot.\" \"So you and Colby aren't breaking up?\" askednTracey \"No,\" said Hallie. \"Colby and I are just fine. Innfact Colby is supposed to meet me here after his class.\" \"I'm glad to here that you're not dumping Colbynfor that loser,\" said Helen. \"And why is Spencer a loser?\" asked Hallie. \"His grandma is paying his way through Oxford…\"nsaid Helen. \"And that makes him a loser?\" asked Hallie. \"You didn't let me finish. His grandma used to benDonald Russell's chambermaid for thirty years. She and the rest ofnDonald Russell's staff got the inheritance when he died. If itnwasn't for that Spencer wouldn't be coming here.\" \"Interesting. Now why is Spencer a loser?\" Helen looked at Hallie in a puzzled manner. \"Annie; Helen, we should change the subject,\" saidnAngela. \"Annie, have you heard from Hallie since she startednback at Harvard?\" asked Robert. \"I have,\" said Hallie. \"How is she holding up?\" asked Robert. \"She's doing well,\" said Hallie. \"That's good to hear,\" said Robert. \"She was anmess since Hallie's boyfriend killed himself.\" \"He didn't kill himself,\" said Hallie. \"You know what I mean,\" said Robert. \"No, I don't,\" said Hallie. \"Annie, anyone that flies an airplane in the mannernthat I heard Hallie's boyfriend did is not using good sense,\"nsaid Robert. \"I will agree with that he didn't use good sense;nhowever, what happened was an accident. Scott was a good pilot.\" \"Annie, are you okay?\" asked Tracey. \"You'renacting a little defensive.\" \"You're right, I'm sorry,\" said Hallie. The waitress walked up to the table and asked, \"Annie,ncan I get you your usual?\" \"That would be great. Thanks.\" \"Can I get anyone anything else?\" asked thenwaitress. Lawrence handed the waitress his cup and said, \"I'llntake a refill.\" \"I'll be back in a minute,\" said the waitress. As the waitress was walking away, Robert saw Spencernwalking in. He then said, \"Annie, your study partner has justnwalked in.\" Helen looked at Spencer in a disturbing manner and said,n\"Look at the clothes he's wearing.\" Hallie looked at Helen as if she was about to saynsomething, but stopped. \"Helen, not everyone is a stylish dresser like you,\"nsaid Angela. \"That's true, but at least a person can make annattempted,\" said Helen. Hallie stood up and said, \"I'll be back in ansecond.\" She walked up to Spencer. \"Hey, what are you doingnhere?\" \"I thought if you didn't mind, I can join you andnyour friends,\" said Spencer. \"I don't think that would be wise.\" \"Why not?\" \"Helen, the short hair blonde who is wearing the darkndress would try her best to make you feel inferior the moment you sitndown.\" \"What about the others?\" \"The others will be a little more hospitable thannHelen.\" \"I would like to take my chances.\" \"Just don't say I didn't try to warn you.\"nHallie and Spencer walked back to the table. Spencer got a chair fromnan adjacent table. \"Everyone, although you all know Spencer none ofnyou were formally introduced to him. Spencer, going clockwise isnRobert, Tracey, Angela, Lawrence and Helen.\" Hallie moved her chair over to give Spencer room for hisnseat before sitting back down. \"It is a pleasure to meet everyone,\" said Spencer. As Spencer was taking a seat Tracy said, \"Likewise.\" \"Spencer, I can't help to notice that you have anunique fashion style,\" said Helen. \"I don't worry about fashion,\" said Spencer. \"Injust wear what I'm comfortable with.\" \"That goes without saying,\" said Helen. \"I actually find what you are wearing interesting,\"nsaid Spencer. \"What is wrong with what I have on?\" As the waitress returning with the drinks Spencer said,n\"Nothing is wrong with it, you look very nice. I also thought thatnthe elderly woman who I saw earlier looked elegant. She was wearingnthe exact same dress.\" Helen said in a distasteful manner \"Really.\" Hallie had an expression on her face as if she wasnholding back a chuckle. The waitress stepped up and said, \"Okay, here are yourndrinks.\" Hallie said as she took her drink \"Thanks.\" After the waitress handed Lawrence his drink she turnednto Spencer and asked, \"So what can I get you?\" Spencer pointed to Hallie's drink and said, \"You cannget me what she is drinking.\" \"Coming up,\" said the waitress. She then walkednaway. \"So Spencer, tell us a little about yourself,\" saidnLawrence. \"There's not much to tell,\" said Spencer. \"Ingrew up a few miles west from London. I've done well in school. Inlike to play rugby, billiards and a variety of other sports.\" \"So do you have any hobbies?\" asked Tracey. \"Scuba diving is my favorite hobby, except I don'tndo it as much as I would like,\" said Spencer. \"My second favoritenis sculpturing and I probably do that more than I should.\" \"Are you any good at sculpturing?\" asked Hallie. \"I won first prize once and second prize threendifferent times in an art contest,\" said Spencer. \"Were they high school contests,\" asked Helen. \"Two of them were,\" said Spencer. \"Helen, I don't think what kind of contests theynwere matters,\" said Hallie. \"I'm just curious to know what kind of contests henwas in,\" said Helen. \"I will admit they weren't big contests,\" saidnSpencer. \"After all my sculptures are my hobby and not my chosennprofession.\" \"What is your chosen profession?\" asked Helen. \"I'm planning to become a lawyer,\" said Spencer. \"You know Oxford University is a big-jump from thenschools you're use to,\" said Helen. \"I sure hope you didn'tnbite off more than you can chew.\" \"I'm sure I will do fine,\" said Spencer. \"Out ofncuriosity, how do you know what kind of schools I'm use to?\" \"Although we never met before today, I heard of you,\"nsaid Helen. \"I also know you didn't attend Oxford University lastnyear.\" As the waitress was returning, Spencer said, \"Well,nI'm here now and I doubt they would have let me in if they felt Incouldn't handle it.\" Helen said with a distasteful grin on her face, \"Right.\" \"So here is your drink, love,\" said the waitress. As he took the drink Spencer said, \"Thank you.\" \"Enjoy,\" said the waitress. She then walked away. Spencer set his drink down and asked, \"Annie, where'snthe men's room?\" Hallie pointed out the restroom and said, \"The men'snroom is over there.\" Spencer he stood up and said, \"I'll be back.\" Hallie watched Spencer for a brief moment as he walkednoff. \"Spencer seems like an okay person,\" said Tracey. \"I think he would make a good match for Hallie,\"nsaid Helen. \"Annie, you should introduce Hallie to him.\" Hallie looked at Helen in a curious manner and askedn\"What do you mean he would make a good match for Hallie?\" \"Annie, I know you told me not to talk about Hallienunless she is here to defend herself, but let's face it; Hallie hasna reputation of dating guys who shouldn't be allowed to dressnthemselves. Take Henry for an example. That guy dressed like he wasnsome refugee.\" \"When Hallie dates a guy she dates him because shenlikes him and not on how he dresses,\" said Hallie. \"That's my whole point; however, Hallie shouldnconsider that on how the guy dresses can reflect on her.\" \"Helen, not everyone is as conscious on how people arendressed as you are,\" said Angela. \"So Angela if you weren't dating Lawrence would youndate Spencer on how he dresses?\" asked Helen. \"Now this conversation is getting interesting,\" saidnLawrence. \"Helen, I am dating Lawrence and I'm not going tonanswer a hypothetical question like that,\" said Angela. \"Angela, should Lawrence and I take a little stroll,nso you can answer that question?\" asked Robert. \"Don't bother, I won't answer it.\" \"Chicken,\" said Robert. \"I would date Spencer; however, I would take him tonget him better clothes,\" said Tracey. \"Tracey, I can't believe you,\" said Hallie.n\"You're not much better than Helen.\" Everyone looked at Hallie in a confused manner. Angelanasked, \"Annie, are you okay?\" Hallie was quiet for a brief moment. She then said,n\"Actually I think I can trust everyone at this table with mynsecret.\" \"What secret?\" asked Lawrence. \"I'm not Annie.\" \"Oh my god, you're Hallie,\" said Angela. \"I am. I have been hanging out with Spencer because Infeel like myself again when I'm with him.\" \"Why did you and Annie switched places?\" askednTracey. \"Actually Annie had the idea of getting me and Spencerntogether before Helen did, except I'm still in love with Scott.\" Lawrence cleared his throat. He then asked, \"Hallie,nyou do realize...\" Hallie interrupted, \"Lawrence, don't finish thatnsentence. I know Scott is dead. In fact I still have nightmares ofnseeing his plane crashing a short distance from me, but I just can'tnturn off my feelings.\" \"Oh yes,\" said Robert. \"You're Hallie.\" \"And please do not tell anyone.\" Spencer was returning. \"Hallie, we would never nark on you and Annie,\" saidnAngela. As Spencer was walking up everyone turned and looked atnhim. Spencer had an uncertain expression on his face. He then lookednat his clothes and asked, \"Do I have something on me?\" \"You're fine,\" said Hallie. \"Spencer, I toldnthem about me and Annie.\" \"I'm a bit relieved,\" said Spencer. He then satndown. \"I've been nervous I would slip up and call you Hallie.\" \"I think Colby will be a little relieved also,\" saidnHallie.[Chapter 8] ChapternEight At Harvard University Annie was walking through thenhallway after leaving her class. She was a short distance from hernclassroom when her phone rang. Annie looked at who was callingnbefore she answered. \"Hey Hal, what's up?\" asked Annie. \"I'm just calling to see how things are goingnthere,\" said Hallie. \"Things are going fine here.\" Annie then heardnAngela and Helen. \"Hal, are you with Angela, Helen and Tracey?\" \"Yeah, I'm at the café with them.\" Hallienthen got up and walked out short distance from the table. \"Hal, I have been friends with them for a long timenand I would like to remain friends with them when I return; thatnincludes Helen.\" \"Will you relax? Besides they know the truth aboutnus.\" \"You told them?\" \"I trust them and I figured you wouldn't mind.\" \"Did I just hear you say that you trust my friends?\" \"I know I never actually showed that I have before,nbut they are good friends of yours. I trust them.\" \"Hal, speaking about trusting friends, last night Intold Cindy and the others about us.\" \"You did what?\" \"Hallie, certain circumstances came up and I needednthem to know the truth.\" \"What circumstances?\" \"I can't say right now.\" \"Annie, what is going on?\" \"Hal, if I tell you what's going on you will be onnthe first plane to Harvard.\" \"By you telling me that I will be getting on a planenalso.\" \"Hal, I promise I will tell you, but not right now.nHallie, please trust me about this and stay where you are.\" \"Fine, just don't take too long to tell me.\" \"I won't.\" \"Annie, when you told Cindy and the others about us,nhow did they react?\" \"They understood why you kept quiet.\" \"So Cindy will be speaking to me when I return tonHarvard?\" \"You are still part of the black-eight-group.\" \"So I was scared to tell them when I didn't need tonbe?\" \"Actually the circumstances that I can't tell younright now are what got you off the hook with them.\" \"Annie, if you're trying to put me in suspense, it'snworking.\" \"Oh sorry, I don't mean to do that.\" \"So is there anything going on that you can tell me?\" \"No, everything else is fine. Hallie, Susan thought wenshould start keeping a daily journal, so when we switch back we won'tnbe acting as if we have memory loss.\" \"That's a good idea.\" \"I thought so too. So how are things there?\" \"Things are going good.\" Hallie saw Colby enteringnthe café. \"That's good.\" \"Annie, I know that you don't allow your friends tontalk about me when I'm not around and for that I want to thanknyou.\" \"You're welcome.\" \"Well I will let you get back to what you were doing.\" \"Hallie, before you hang up is Colby there?\" \"Actually he just walked in. Do you want to talk tonhim?\" \"Yes.\" As Colby was sitting down Hallie walked up to him. AsnHallie held out the phone she said, \"Colby, Annie wants to talk tonyou.\" Colby looked at Angela in a nervous manner and asked,n\"What?\" \"Oh don't worry,\" said Hallie. \"Everyone at thentable knows I'm Hallie.\" \"You could have told me that first,\" said Colby. Henthen took the phone and spoke into it. \"So how are things there?\" \"Don't draw Hallie's attention by reacting tonthis, but things are complicated here,\" said Annie. \"Okay, tell me more.\" \"I don't want Hallie to know this yet or otherwisenshe will be on the next plane to Harvard, but Scott's death wasn'tnan accident. Scott was murdered. I also know who did it and why.\" \"I find that interesting.\" \"Yeah, well unfortunately I don't have proof to getnthe guy arrested; however, I believe there is a way to gather proofnthough. If Hallie was here I wouldn't be able to do that. Hallienwould be too emotionally attached to the situation and would want toncharge in. That is the reason why I don't want Hallie to know yet.\" \"Again I find that interesting.\" Colby noticed thatnHallie looking at him in a curious manner. \"I just wanted you to know this.\" \"Okay, well I had better let you go now.\" \"I will talk to you later, bye.\" Annie noticed Toddnapproaching her as she was putting her cell phone away. \"Hey Todd.\" \"Hey Annie, I got an address for Michael Bowman.\" \"That's great. I already typed up the letter I'mngoing to send him. Do you want to see it?\" \"You got it with you?\" \"I haven't printed it off yet, but it is on mynlaptop.\" \"I would like to look at it.\" \"Then follow me.\" Minutes later in the dorm room Annie was logging on herncomputer. After bringing up the letter Todd read aloud overnAnnie's shoulder. \"Michael Bowman, you may refer to me asnnighthawk. I have proof that you killed a man by tampering with hisnprivate plane. If you don't want me to take what I have to thenpolice then you will meet me alone this Saturday at 9:00 p.m. at thensame airport.\" \"So how does it sound?\" asked Annie. \"It sounds as if you're going to be putting yourselfnin danger.\" \"I have a plan that will lower the risk. I will need anvoice changing device though.\" \"I can get one for you; however, you're not givingnMichael much time to show up at the airport.\" \"That's part of the plan. I don't want to give himnmuch time to come up with a plan of his own. I will print this offnand then overnight the letter to Michael. That should give him threendays to get here from wherever he is coming from.\" \"That would be Bay City, Michigan. Annie, I hopenyou're not getting over your head.\" \"I added a few precautions in my plan; however, for mynplan to work I need to buy a video camera, two sets of walkie-talkiesnwith different frequencies and perhaps a listening device, so I cannhave someone listening to what is going on. I really think I can makenthis work.\" \"And if it doesn't work you can be seriously hurt ornkilled.\" \"If you can think of another way to get him to confessnthen speak up.\" \"I have no idea.\" \"Then I will move forward with my plan.\" Annie thennhit the print button. \"Todd, where is the closes FedEx or the UPSnstation?\" \"I can take you there.\" After placing the letter in her purse Annie turned offnthe computer. She and Todd then left the dormitory. As Todd was driving Annie to overnight the letter, Anniensaw a slightly beat up work van with a for sale sign on it. Annienthen pointed and said, \"We need a van like that for Saturday.\" \"Don't tell me you're thinking about buying thatnvan?\" asked Todd. \"I won't need to buy a van. I will just rent one.nSeeing that van just gave me the idea.\" \"Were you going to rent the video equipment too ornwere you going to buy it?\" \"I'll buy the camera. Colby and I have plans tonspend this New Years in Australia, so I had planned to buy onenanyway.\" \"Is Colby your boyfriend or your fiancé?\" \"Right now, he's just my boyfriend. He hasn'tnasked me yet nor have we discussed marriage. I never even thoughtnabout how I would respond if he would ask me to marry him. I guessnthat something I need to think about.\" \"So how long have you two been dating?\" \"We met almost three year ago at a Halloween party.nWe've have been dating since.\" \"So what does Colby do?\" \"He's in Oxford University right now.\" \"Is he planning to be a lawyer also?\" \"No. He's in premed.\" \"Annie, it's too bad that Hallie and Samantha neverngot along.\" \"Why is that?\" \"Samantha has the perfect van for what you want a vannfor.\" \"I wonder how hard it would be to get in good withnher.\" \"If you attempt to, do not tell her that you are notnHallie. She won't hesitate to turn you in.\" \"I wasn't planning to tell her. Todd, what went onnbetween Hallie and Samantha for them not to like each other?\" \"That's part of a long story that should be toldnfrom the beginning.\" \"I would like to hear it.\" \"Well, it was the night the eight of us got caughtnplaying poker on campus. Scott met and made a date with Samantha.nThey were supposed to have met at a restaurant. As Scott was gettingnready for his date, Julian had invited Scott to play poker with him,nBecky and myself. Julian and I are roommates and we were playing innour dorm. Well as Julian and Scott were talking Julian had told Scottnabout Amanda. Once Scott learned that Samantha was a twin, Scottnstood Samantha up and went with Julian to the poker game. Cindy andnSamantha met that same day also and exchanged numbers. Samantha evennknew Cindy was Scott's cousin. When Scott didn't show up at thenrestaurant Samantha called Cindy to find out what happen. Well Hallienand Cindy were studying together and when Cindy went to find Scott,nHallie tagged along. Well before Cindy and Hallie found us Susan andnCraig had join the game. Cindy and Hallie finally found us an hournafter they started searching. Hallie had briefly met Scott oncenbefore and she never realized to who she and Cindy were looking fornuntil they found him playing poker. Julian and I noticed annattraction between Hallie and Scott as soon as Hallie walked in.nHallie had a big grin on her face when she found out that Scott wasnher roommate's cousin. When Cindy enquired as to why he stood upnSamantha, he told us what he did about a dating twin. Hallie quicklynlost her smile and had an expression on her face as if she wasnholding onto a secret about the world coming to an end. As the nightnprogressed Hallie and Cindy joined the game. Well we were all playingnfor about an hour when security found us playing on campus. We werenapprehended and the dean was called in. As we were waiting to speaknto the dean, Samantha found out about us being taken to the dean'snoffice. The dean was a minute behind Samantha as Samantha was walkingnup to us. At first the dean thought that Samantha was apart of ournpoker gang, but when he found out different he told Samantha tonleave. That was also when he referred to us as the black-eight-group.nApparently black-eight is the dean's lucky number on the roulettentable. Anyway after we were threaten of being expelled if we arenfound playing poker on campus again, we were dismissed. After we gotnoutside Scott asked Hallie on a date. Hallie hesitated at first, butneventually said yes. Samantha was walking up and heard Scott andnHallie making the date. Samantha immediately jumped to the conclusionnthat Hallie was the reason that Scott stood her up. The days thatnfollowed Hallie tried several times to convince Samantha that shenwasn't the reason, but Samantha would listen. Samantha thought thatnHallie was making up the story about Scott's fear of twins. As thendays turned into weeks Samantha tried all she could to sabotagenHallie's relationship with Scott. Hallie eventually gave up tryingnto make friends with Samantha and just kept her distance. Cindy alsonstarted disliking Samantha around that time as well.\" \"Trying to make peace with Samantha might be morendifficult than I first thought. Todd, do you know of a way to tellnSamantha and Amanda apart?\" \"Actually it was Hallie who noticed that Samanthanwould wear purple even if it is just the thing that women use whennthey have their hair in a ponytail. I don't know if Amanda dislikenthe color purple or she just doesn't wear purple.\" \"That will come in helpful when I walk up to one ofnthem.\" An hour later, Annie and Todd were walking into thencoffee shop. Cindy, Craig and Becky were sitting at their usualntable. Annie saw Samantha sitting at another table with Eric Morgan.nAnnie then asked, \"Todd, who's the guy that Samantha is sittingnwith?\" \"That's Eric Morgan. He had the hots for Samanthanlast year, but Samantha kept blowing him off. I guess Samanthanreconsidered.\" \"Did Hallie know him?\" \"She did.\" \"Todd, I will join you at the table in a few minutes.nI want to talk to Samantha.\" \"Good luck.\" \"Thanks.\" Annie then walked towards Samantha. Seconds later Annie was taking a seat at Samantha'sntable. Samantha looked at Annie as if she had lost her mind andnasked in a sarcastic tone, \"May I help you?\" Annie looked at Eric and said, \"Eric, I'm not tryingnto intrude or be rude, but I would like to talk to Samantha alone forna minute.\" \"Have you lost your mind, Hallie?\" asked Samantha. \"Perhaps,\" said Annie. Eric stood up and said, \"Sam, I need to use thenrestroom anyway.\" \"Well, hurry back,\" said Samantha. \"This won'tntake that long.\" Eric walked away. Samantha turned towards Annie.n\"So what do you want?\" \"Samantha, yesterday you showed me compassion for mynloss.\" \"Don't make me regret doing that.\" \"I won't, but me and my friends found evidence thatnScott's death wasn't an accident.\" \"Hallie, what are you talking about?\" \"I have my reasons to believe that Michael Bowmannkilled Scott. This Saturday I will be going after the proof I need tonget him arrested.\" \"And why are you telling me this?\" \"For my plan to work as good as I want I need ansurveillance van.\" \"Oh no, you are not using my van.\" \"Okay, you know why I'm telling you this; however, Inknow you liked Scott. I was thinking that you may want to help me toncatch Scott's killer.\" \"Hallie, I agree that you need help, but the help younneed I can't help you. Perhaps you should go to the hospital. I'mnsure they would be more than happy to help you with your delusions.\" \"Or I can tell you why I suspect Michael as beingnScott's killer.\" \"I doubt that you will be able to convince me thatnScott was murdered, but tell me this evidence you have.\" \"Well first of all, Michael injuries weren't annaccident. It was done deliberately when Harvard won the last gamenthat Michael was in.\" \"You have a few conspiracy theories.\" \"Samantha, Scott's death and Michael's injuriesnare linked.\" \"Please continue.\" \"Michael was being paid off to lose games and thatnlast game he was in Scott made a miraculous play to win the game.nBecause Michael was paid off to lose that game the guy that paid himnoff took revenge. When Michael's injuries healed he took revengenagainst Scott and tampered with Scott's plane two weeks before hisndeath.\" \"Wow, I think you actually believe what you arensaying. If I knew you were this nuts when Scott was alive I wouldnhave had what I needed to break you two up.\" \"Samantha, someone at the airport saw Michael as henwas tampering with Scott's plane.\" \"I don't believe what you are saying for oncensecond, but I am curious as to why you want my van.\" \"An hour ago I sent Michael an overnight letterntelling him I had proof that he killed Scott. In the letter I toldnhim to meet me this Saturday at the same airport where Scott wasnkilled or I will be taking my proof to the police.\" \"You told me that you are going after the proofnagainst him.\" \"Michael won't know that I don't have proof.\" \"Ah, so you are planning to set him up into confessingnand you want to use my van as a base of operation.\" \"Exactly.\" As Eric was walking up to the table, Annie and Samanthanturned and looked at him. Eric then asked, \"Should I go for a shortnwalk?\" \"No. Hallie has wasted enough of my time. Now I'mnafraid she's leaving disappointed.\" Annie stood up and said, \"Samantha, just in case younchange your mind I will wait until Friday to rent a van.\" \"I seriously doubt I will change my mind.\" Annie walked away. As second later she was joining Cindynand the others. As Annie was sitting down Todd asked, \"So, willnSamantha help?\" \"Not only will she not help me, but she thinks I lostnmy mind,\" said Annie. \"So what now?\" asked Todd. \"Will you rent a van?\" \"It doesn't look like I have a choice. I toldnSamantha I would wait until Friday to rent the van just in case shenchanges her mind.\" \"If you're serious about renting a van, you mightnwant to at least reserve one in advance,\" said Cindy. \"You don'tnwant to find out at the last possible minute you couldn't get one.\" \"That's a good idea,\" said Annie. At Oxford University Hallie had just left her lastnclass for the day when her cell phone sounded. Hallie looked at thennumber before answering. \"Mother, so how bad was the damages to the vineyard?\"nasked Hallie. \"It wasn't too serious,\" said Elizabeth. \"Theninsurance will reimburse us for the damages. Annie, I'm calling tontell you that we are having a business dinner here tonight at 8:00nand I want you here.\" \"Yes, Mother,\" said Hallie. Spencer was walking upnbehind Hallie. \"So, who are you entertaining?\" \"Luis Lavoe, his wife Jocelyn and his daughter,nJoella. Joella is getting married and they want me to design thenwedding dress.\" \"I will be there. Bye.\" Hallie then hung up hernphone. \"I'm in major trouble.\" \"Why are you in trouble?\" asked Spencer. Hallie was slightly startled by Spencer. She then facednSpencer and asked, \"Do you always sneak up on people?\" \"I wasn't sneaking.\" \"In that case I will get you a cowbell for you tonwear.\" \"Hallie, why are you in major trouble?\" \"My mother wants me to join her in a business dinner.\" \"That doesn't sound too bad.\" \"The people that will be at dinner are French. Theynknow very little English.\" \"Let me guess. Annie knows French and you don't.\" \"I was taught French a few years ago.\" \"Then what is the problem?\" \"Annie speaks French as if she is from France. MynFrench is as good as Ricky Ricardo's English. Once my mom hears mensay three words in French she is going to know I'm Hallie.\" \"It sounds as though you are coming down with anterrible cold.\" \"What are you talking about? I feel fine.\" \"Are you certain that you're fine? You are notnsounding at all like yourself.\" Hallie looked at Spencer in a curious manner for ansecond. \"Oh, I get it.\" Spencer grinned. Hallie then talked as ifnshe had a cold. \"You're right. I do feel as though I'm gettingna terrible cold.\" \"So when do you need to be home?\" Hallie looked at her watch and said, \"I have an hournto study before I have to leave.\" \"Do you mind if we study together?\" \"We can. Let's go to the library.\" 7:40 P.M. Hallie was walking in the front entrance ofnher house. Elizabeth saw Hallie as she was walking in and walked upnto her. Elizabeth then said, \"Annie, good you're here. Luis,nJocelyn and Joella will be here any minute.\" Hallie spoke as if she had a cold, \"Mother, I'mngoing upstairs to change clothes.\" \"Annie, you don't sound too good,\" said Elizabethnas Chessy was walking through and heard Hallie. \"I got a cold.\" Elizabeth looked at Hallie in a curious manner and said,n\"Annie, you didn't sound like you had a cold earlier.\" \"I did, but it got worse all of a sudden.\" Halliennoticed that Chessy was looking at her in a curious manner. \"I'mngoing to change clothes now.\" \"Of course,\" said Elizabeth. As Hallie was going upstairs Chessy walked up tonElizabeth and said, \"Annie didn't act as though she had a coldnthis morning.\" \"When I talked with her earlier she sounded fine asnwell,\" said Elizabeth. \"Anyway Boss, the chicken will be ready to be servednin fifteen minutes.\" \"Thanks, Chessy.\" Just before Elizabeth was able tonwalk away from the front door the doorbell rang. Elizabeth wasnopening the door as Chessy was walking back into the kitchen.nElizabeth spoke French. \"Welcome. Please come in.\" \"Thank you,\" said Luis. Upstairs Nick was leaving his bedroom and saw Hallienentering her bedroom. He called out, \"Annie, wait.\" Hallie stuck her head out into the hallway. She thennasked in a manner as if she had a cold, \"Yes, Dad?\" \"Annie, are you sick?\" \"I have a cold. Dad, was there anything you wanted?' \"How do I look in these clothes?\" \"You look real sharp, Dad.\" \"Great. I will see you downstairs.\" Hallie walked back into the bedroom to change cloths. Minutes later everyone sat down at the table to eat.nMartin, Chessy and Hallie's grandfather Charles were at the tablenas well. As Elizabeth and the other engaged in a conversationnwhile they were eating Hallie just listened. Charles noticed Hallie being too quiet. He then asked,n\"Annie, why are you so quiet?\" Hallie rubbed her throat as if it was hurting and said,n\"I have a cold.\" \"Ah,\" said Charles. Hallie took a bite of food. After everyone was finished eating Hallie helped Chessynto clear the table. Hallie walked behind Chessy as Chessy walked intonthe kitchen with the dirty plates. Seconds later Chessy was leavingnthe Kitchen to get more dishes. Leftover chicken and a few other foodnitems were on the stove, and just before Hallie left the Kitchen shenpinched off a bite of leftover chicken. Elizabeth had walked in andnsaw Hallie as she stuck the bite in her mouth. When Hallie faced Elizabeth, Elizabeth looked at Hallienin a puzzled manner. Hallie looked at Elizabeth in a curious manner. \"Hallie, what are you and Annie up to?\" askednElizabeth. Hallie continued to talk as if she had a cold and said,n\"Mother, what are talking about? I'm Annie.\" Elizabeth justnlooked at Hallie with the expression as if she wasn't believingnwhat she was hearing. \"Mother, I am Annie. Why do you think I'mnHallie?\" \"Didn't you just take a bite of chicken from thenstove?\" Hallie looked at Elizabeth in a confused manner andnsaid, \"You think I'm Hallie because I took a bite of Chicken.nMother, we both do that.\" \"True, but Annie always uses a fork; not her fingersnlike you. Oh and you can drop the act that you have a cold.\" Hallie asked in her normal voice, \"Mom, who wouldnnotice as to how someone takes a bite of chicken off the stove?\" \"I had to find a way to tell you two apart somehow.\"nChessy walked into the Kitchen with the remaining dishes. \"Oh and Inhave more ways similar to that to tell you two apart, so I'm not asnyou and Annie would put it, showing my whole hand. Now what are younand Annie up to?\" Chessy stopped and looked at Hallie. She then asked,n\"You're, Hallie?\" Hallie nodded. She then said, \"Annie felt that I wouldnfeel better if we switch places for a semester.\" Nick walked into the kitchen and said, \"Liz, Luis isnasking about you.\" \"My father can keep him and his family company for anfew more minute,\" said Elizabeth. \"Meanwhile our daughters are upnto something.\" \"Annie, what's going on?\" \"Dad, I'm Hallie.\" Nick had an expression on hisnface as if he didn't know how to respond. \"Dad, I was telling momnthat Annie and I switch places because Annie felt I would feel betternat Oxford. Mom; Dad, I do feel more like myself than I have sincenScott's death.\" \"Hallie, did you and Annie even stop to think of hownyou two can ruin your future careers by doing this.\" \"Dad, at Harvard they don't even know I'm a twin.nWe were going to switch back next semester anyway.\" \"And you thought you could fool us a whole semester?\"nasked Elizabeth. \"The idea was to keep my distance from you as much asnpossible. This business dinner kind of caught me off guard.\" \"Hallie, since you and Annie are weeks away from beingnnineteen, obviously I can't correct this. I would like to say thatnyou two are not showing good sense. Both of you are wanting to benlawyers and that can come to an end if you get caught.\" \"Dad, I will talk to Annie about switching back.\" \"Hallie, I also like to be part of that conversation,\"nsaid Elizabeth. \"We will put Annie on the speakerphone in the studynafter Luis and his family leave. Right now we need to get back outnthere before Luis thinks we had abandoned him and his family.\" An hour later at Harvard Annie was at the librarynstudying with Cindy, Becky and Craig. Annie had her purse hanging offnher chair. While they were studying Craig noticed Annie's pursenvibrating. He then said, \"Annie, either I'm extremely tired andnseeing things or your cell phone is vibrating.\" The phone stopped vibrating before Annie had a chance tonanswer it. Annie noticed that the number was from her house in Londonnand called the number back. Hallie and Elizabeth were talking in the study as thenphone rang. Elizabeth looked at who was calling and clicked thenbutton for the speakerphone. \"Hi, I just tried to call you,\" said Elizabeth. \"I wasn't able to answer the phone quickly enough,\"nsaid Annie. \"So Mom, how are things there?\" \"My daughters are not where they should be is hownthings are going, Annie,\" said Elizabeth. Annie quickly got up and walked towards the exit. Cindy and Becky looked at one another with a curiousnexpression on their faces as Annie was walking away. \"Mom, I can explain,\" said Annie. \"Annie, I have already explained things to mom,\"nsaid Hallie. \"Mom, take me off speakerphone for a minute,\" saidnAnnie. Hallie had a puzzled expression on her face as Elizabethnpicked up the phone. \"Okay, why did you want me to take you off thenspeakerphone?\" asked Elizabeth. Hallie watched Elizabeth's facial expressions asnElizabeth was learning about Scott's murder. After a few minutes of being quiet Elizabeth said,n\"Annie, I can't say too much about what you are doing right nownfor obvious reasons, but I will get back to you on that. As for younand Hallie switching back I'm not going to press the issue rightnnow, so I will talk to you later. Bye.\" As Elizabeth was hanging up Hallie asked, \"What isngoing on?\" \"I would love to tell you about what is going on, butnI can't,\" said Elizabeth. \"Annie wants to be the one to tellnyou when the time is right.\" \"This suspense is worse than the suspense book I'mnreading.\" \"Well until Annie tells you what is going on, I'mnnot going to say another word about you switching back with Annie.\" \"Okay, something is definitely going on. If Anniendoesn't tell me soon I will be on a plane to Boston.\" \"Hallie, before you do something rash like showing upnat Harvard, just give Annie a chance to tell you when she is ready.\" \"Okay. Well I've better do my homework. I have tonkeep Annie's grade point average up.\" In the foyer Chessy saw Hallie and Elizabeth leaving thenstudy. As Hallie went upstairs, Chessy walked up to Elizabeth andnsaid, \"Boss, I'm not trying to condone what Hallie and Annie arendoing, but I wonder if we should leave things alone for the timenbeing.\" \"Why do you say that?\" asked Elizabeth. \"I saw Hallie out with a guy last night at the theaternand it looked like she was having a good time. Of course at the timenI thought I was seeing Annie. I've even questioned her about whatnwas happening between her and Colby. But the bottom-line is shenseemed to be more herself since Scott's accident.\" \"Chessy, I have already decided to leave things asnthey are for now, but it has to do with what Annie is doing.\" \"May I ask what that is without stepping over mynplace?\" \"Yes, but I don't want Hallie to know; not right nownanyway.\" Elizabeth then said in a quiet manner. \"Scott's deathnwasn't an accident. He was murdered. Annie also thinks she knowsnwho did it and why. This Saturday she is going after the proof shenneeds against the man.\" \"If Hallie knew this she would be on the first planenbound for Harvard.\" \"Exactly why Hallie must not find out until things arensettled.\" \"Boss, are you okay with Annie trying to catch anmurderer?\" \"I'm scared to death, but I couldn't speak my mindnwith Hallie in the room. Chessy, who is the guy who was out withnHallie?\" \"His name is Spencer. According to Hallie he is hernstudy partner; however, from what I saw last night I think Hallie isninto Spencer, but she is trying not to be.\" \"Scott's death really effected Hallie; however, fromnwhat you have just told me perhaps the healing process had begun. Sonmaybe it's just a matter of time before she's willing to get intonanother relationship. Well I'm going to call it a night.\" \"Goodnight, boss.\" \"Goodnight.\" Elizabeth then walked away.[Chapter 9] ChapternNine The following morning Hallie was walking towards hernfirst class. As she was walking through the hall, Spencer met up withnher. \"So how was dinner last night?\" asked Spencer. \"Dinner was good,\" said Hallie. \"So did pretending to have a cold work?\" \"It was working, but then I did something that Annienwouldn't do.\" \"So your parents know the truth about you?\" \"They do, but something is going on at Harvard. Annientold mom about it, but she won't tell me. Because of what is goingnon my parents are not insisting we switch back.\" \"Perhaps Annie is just saying that.\" \"I don't believe that's the case. Before Annientold mom, Annie did tell me that something was happening that shendidn't want me to know just yet.\" \"Perhaps I can talk to Annie and find out what'sngoing on.\" \"If you call Annie, Annie would know exactly why youncalled. Thanks for the offer, but it won't work.\" \"Okay. So Hallie, how far did you get on thenassignment in Hill's class?\" \"I'm still doing research on it. What about you?\" \"Same here. After I got home last night I saw a partnthat I sure could have used your help on, but I didn't have a waynto ask you.\" Hallie slightly chuckled. She then asked, \"Spencer, isnthat your way of asking me for my number?\" \"I guess it wasn't very subtle.\" \"Not at all.\" \"Well, I would like to be able to call you if I donneed your help on our assignments.\" Hallie pulled out a sheet of paper and a pen from hernbook bag. After writing down the number to her phone and to Annie'snphone she handed the paper to Spencer. She then said, \"The firstnnumber is to my phone and the second number is Annie's. Right now Inhave Annie's phone, so use that number.\" \"Will do. Just in case you would want to ask me anhomework question, do you want my number?\" \"Sure.\" Spencer wrote down his number and handed it to Hallie.nSeconds later Hallie and Spencer were walking into their classroom. After class, Hallie and Spencer went to the café.nWhen Hallie saw Angela and Tracey sitting at the back table Hallienand Spencer joined them. Just as Hallie and Spencer were taking their seats anwaitress came over and took their drink order. \"I'll be back with your order,\" said the waitress.nShe then walked away. Hallie looked at Angela and asked, \"So where isneveryone else?\" \"Lawrence should be here soon, but Helen and Robertnare in class,\" said Angela. Angela then saw Penelope Wright walkingnin. \"Oh god, look who just walked in.\" Everyone turned to look. \"I've been seeing that guy on campus,\" saidnSpencer. \"What's wrong with him?\" Angela and Tracey laughed.n\"What?\" \"That person is Penelope Wright,\" said Hallie. \"That's a woman?\" asked Spencer. \"Yep and she has the hots for Colby,\" said Tracey.nTracey then tried to hold back her laughter. \"Hallie, you shouldnprobably go over there and straighten her out.\" Hallie looked at Tracey in a distasteful manner andnsaid, \"Tracey, I think you've been around Helen too long. You arenstarting to think like her.\" \"Lighten up, Hallie,\" said Tracey. \"I'm justnhaving a little fun.\" \"At someone else's expense. She can't help how shenlooks.\" \"Yeah, like you would join her at her table and getnchummy with her.\" \"There are a lot of people who I wouldn't sit at antable with, but I don't go around making fun of a person on hownthat person is dressed or if a woman gets called sir everywhere shengoes or even when a woman refuses to wear a bikini just because of angood size birthmark.\" Tracey looked at Hallie in a shocked manner.n\"What's wrong? Did you hear something you didn't find funny?\" \"Okay Hallie, I think you made your point,\" saidnAngela. \"Hallie, Annie is a lot more fun to be around,\" saidnTracey. \"Annie doesn't like your kind of fun any better thannI do,\" said Hallie. \"Did Annie tell you this?\" asked Tracey. \"Tracey, you don't have to be told,\" said Angela.n\"Just watch what Annie does when you and Helen start making fun ofnsomeone.\" \"Annie doesn't do anything,\" said Tracey. \"Yes she does,\" said Angela. \"Annie either startsna private conversation between her and Colby or excuses herself andnleaves the table.\" \"If she feels that way then why does Annie hang aroundnus?\" asked Tracey. \"For the same reason I do,\" said Hallie. Angela had a surprise expression on her face. \"And why is that?\" asked Tracey. \"Because when you're not making fun of someone younare actually a good friend,\" said Hallie. \"I think Helen can be angood friend too if she stop trying to show she's better thanneveryone else.\" \"Angela, how do you feel?\" asked Tracey. \"I feel you and Helen can ease up on making fun ofnpeople,\" said Angela. \"Okay, I guess I just learned what my vices are,\"nsaid Tracey. Lawrence walked into the café. \"Tracey, you didn't have this vice, until after highnschool graduation,\" said Hallie. Angela watched Lawrence as henwalked towards the table. \"However Helen had her vices long beforenI knew her. I'm able to ignore her… some. I just can't ignorenher and you.\" \"Lawrence is here,\" said Angela. Everyone turned to look. After Lawrence walked up to the table, he gave Angela ankiss. As Lawrence was taking a seat next to Angela, Spencernwhispered in Hallie's ear, \"Hallie, I'll be back in a minute.\"nHallie looked at Spencer in a curious manner. \"I need to use thenjohn.\" \"Okay,\" said Hallie. Spencer got up and left the table. Lawrence looked in Penelope's direction and said, \"Insee Colby isn't going to be too happy when he gets here in a fewnminutes and sees Penelope.\" \"Hallie, I'm not trying to make fun of anyone, butnto show Penelope that she has no chance with Colby, perhaps younshould give Colby a hug when he gets here,\" said Tracey. Hallie grinned in a distasteful manner. \"There seems to be some tension here,\" saidnLawrence. \"We exchanged friendly dialogue before you came in,nthat's all,\" said Tracey. Lawrence had a curious expression onnhis face. \"Things are fine though.\" Lawrence said in a skeptical manner, \"Good.\" He thennsaid in a normal voice. \"Oh before I forget who would like to go tona ballgame tonight?\" \"What ballgame?\" asked Hallie. \"There's a football… Hallie I'm meant to saynthere is a soccer match playing tonight,\" said Lawrence. \"I'mnable to get twelve seats for tonight's game.\" \"I would love to,\" said Tracey. \"I'm in too,\" said Angela. \"Hallie, what about you?\" asked Lawrence. \"Lawrence, how soon do you need to know if I wouldnlike to go?\" asked Hallie. \"I would need to know by three o'clock.\" \"I will let you know before then.\" \"Hallie, you should come,\" said Angela. \"I agree,\" said Tracey. Hallie showed a pleasantngrin on her face. \"You should come. I really think it would do youngood to attend.\" \"I really appreciate you guys wanting me to comenalong, but I would like to think about it,\" said Hallie. \"I'mnnot certain if I'm ready to go to something like that.\" \"Okay, no pressure,\" said Angela. The waitress returned with the drinks. In the men's room Spencer took out his cell phone andngot out the paper with Hallie's phone number on it. He then dialednthe number. At Harvard's cafeteria, Annie sat down alone at antable with her breakfast. Just before taking a bite of food the musicnfrom her phone sounded. After getting her phone she looked at thennumber before she answered. \"Hello?\" asked Annie. \"Hi Hallie, it's Spencer,\" he said. \"Spencer, I think Hallie gave you the wrong number.nI'm Annie.\" \"Oops, I'm sorry. Hallie gave me both numbers and Ingot them confused. I hope I'm not interrupting your class.\" \"I wouldn't have answered the phone if I was innclass.\" \"I'm glad I'm not interrupting. Annie, while I gotnyou on the phone can I ask you something?\" \"What do you want to know?\" \"Hallie believes something is going on at Harvard. Inwas just curious of what's going on.\" \"Nice try Spencer, but it's not going to work.\" \"What's not going to work?\" \"You knew exactly who you were calling. Now I don'tnknow if Hallie put you up to this or you took it upon yourself toncall me. Either way I'm not going to tell you what is going on.\" \"Okay, you caught me, and for the record Hallie hadnnothing to do with me calling. In fact she told me not to because itnwouldn't work.\" \"You should have listened to her.\" \"I thought I could at least try.\" \"Spencer, I'm not trying to be rude, but I actuallynsat down to eat breakfast, so I'm going to let you go.\" \"Oh, of course, bye.\" \"Bye.\" After clipping his phone back on his belt, Spencer leftnthe men's room. Seconds later he was taking his seat. He thennasked, \"So did anything interesting take place while I was a way?\" \"Hey, you like sports you said,\" said Lawrence.n\"Would you like to see a… a soccer match tonight?\" \"Soccer?\" asked Spencer. \"Spencer, he's avoiding the word football,\" saidnHallie. \"Hallie, I just didn't…\" said Lawrence. \"Lawrence, I completely understand and I appreciatenwhat you're doing,\" said Hallie. \"Thank you.\" \"You're welcome,\" said Lawrence. \"So Spencer,nare you in?\" \"Hallie, what are you doing?\" asked Spencer. \"I haven't decided yet,\" said Hallie. \"Don'tnlet that stop you from going and enjoying the game though. If I don'tngo to the game then more than likely I will be going home anyway.\" \"Hallie, I have just decided I'm going to get you anticket anyway and you can decide if you would like to use or not,\"nsaid Lawrence. \"If I don't go I would be wasting a seat.\" \"It won't be the first time a seat remained open;nbesides that would give you the option of joining us later in thengame if you would like,\" said Lawrence. \"Okay, get me a ticket, but at this point I don'tnknow if I will use it or not.\" \"As I said you don't have to use it. So Spencer,nwhat about you? Should I get you a ticket?\" \"I'm in,\" said Spencer. \"So I'm thinking eight tickets for sure,\" saidnLawrence. Angela saw Colby walking in and said, \"Hallie, Colby'snhere.\" Hallie turned to look. After looking at Colby she turnednto look at Penelope. She then said, \"I'll be back in a second.\" As Hallie was walking away from the table, Spencernnoticed Tracey smiling at Angela. He asked, \"What's going on?\" \"Hallie is going to give Colby a hug in front ofnPenelope,\" said Angela. As Hallie walked up to Colby she gave him a hug followednby a kiss on the cheek. \"Hallie, what are you doing?\" asked Colby. \"Penelope is here.\" Hallie gestured with her headntowards Penelope. Colby turned to look. \"I'm not certain, but Inthink she's here to see you.\" \"Did I do anything to lead her on?\" \"I'm afraid so. In high school you came acrossntowards her as a knight in shining armor and saved her dignity. Bynyou doing that she thinks you like her.\" \"All I did was to stop a few people from making fun ofnher.\" \"Apparently with her that's all it takes. Also fromnwhat I know, you never actually told her you weren't interested.\" \"I'm with Annie and she knows that.\" \"But you never told her that she has no chance withnyou even if you weren't with Annie.\" \"I always thought that telling her I'm not availablenwas enough.\" \"Now you know it's not.\" \"Hallie, can you go and tell her I'm notninterested?\" \"All that would do is make Penelope think that I'm…nactually Annie, is threatened by her. That's why Annie would neverndo it. Well we should join the others or you are more than welcome tonjoin Penelope.\" \"Although warped, I'm glad to see you are gettingnyour sense of humor back,\" said Colby. Hallie just grinned. They then went and sat down at thentable. At Harvard Annie was walking through the halls towardsnher classroom. As she walked pass one of the classrooms she saw Mr.nAtkins, a teacher in his mid-twenties, pulling out a life-sizenresuscitation dummy from a large carrying case. Just after walkingnpass the room she stopped and thought for a second. The classroom was empty except for Mr. Atkins. He wasnplacing the dummy on a mat on the floor as Annie walked into thenroom. Mr. Atkins turned to face her. He then said, \"Ms. Parker,nyou're not one of my students.\" \"I'm sorry, but for some strange reason I'm havingndifficulty remembering names,\" said Annie. \"Who are you again?\" Mr. Atkins looked at Annie in a curious manner and said,n\"Ms. Parker, we never officially met. Last year I've seen you atnthe football games with Scott Knight.\" \"Good… Oh, not good that we never met. Good that I'mnnot completely losing my memory. So what is your name?\" \"You should call me Mr. Atkins. So, what can I do fornyou?\" \"Actually I'm curious about the policy on taking onenof the dummies off campus.\" \"As a student it is quite simple. It is strictlynagainst the rules. As for a faculty member we have to sign a form andnput up a deposit. \" \"If I can prove that I'm financially capable ofnputting up the deposit, would there be anyway for me to borrow andummy for this weekend?\" \"For what reason would you need a dummy?\" \"Just recently I signed up to instruct a group ofnyoung teenagers on CPR, but I failed to read the pamphlet all the waynthrough before I signed up. When I am to instruct the group I'mnsupposed to bring my own resuscitation dummy. Since I don't havenone, I'm slightly in a bind.\" \"I suggest for you to go back to wherever you signednup at and tell them that you don't have a resuscitation dummy.\" \"I had already done that; however, since it is thisnweekend that I'm supposed to instruct the group, they don't haventhe time to find another volunteer. Financially I am certainly ablento buy a resuscitation dummy for this weekend, but since this is anone time thing, I was hoping I didn't have to.\" \"You are financially secured enough to buy your ownnresuscitation dummy?\" \"Absolutely. I can provide you with proof if you wouldnlike.\" \"That won't be necessary. Ms. Parker, you just neednthis dummy for this weekend?\" \"Just this weekend is all I need it for.\" \"Now this is strictly against the policy, but if younare being honest with me about being able to put up a deposit, I willnsign the dummy out for you.\" \"Thank you, Mr. Atkins.\" \"You are to put up the deposit though.\" \"That won't be a problem.\" \"I'm not sure what the deposit is at the moment, butnif you come back in about ninety minutes I will be able to tell younhow much it is.\" \"I will be back and again thank you.\" \"You're welcome.\" \"Well, I've better get to class,\" said Annie. Mr. Atkins watched Annie as she was walking out of thenroom.[Chapter 10] ChapternTen Late afternoon in London, Hallie was driving home.nHallie was almost home when she pulled off to get gas. Hallie stepped up to the counter and opened her pursenfor some money. As the cashier, a man in his mid-twenties, rangnHallie out, Hallie stared at the football ticket in her purse. \"Just gas for today?\" asked the man. Hallie acted asnthough she didn't hear him. \"Annie or Hallie, is gas all younwant?\" Hallie looked up in a surprise manner. She then asked,n\"What? Oh, yes.\" She took out the money and handed it to the man.n\"Gas is all I need. I'm Hallie by the way.\" \"Hallie, do you think your mother would give advice tonsomeone that would like to get into the field of fashion design?\"nThe man put the money in the cash register and pulled out the change. \"She might. Do you know someone that designs clothes?\" \"My sister does.\" The man handed Hallie her change. \"Are you working tomorrow?\" Hallie dropped thenchange in her purse. \"Yes.\" \"As soon as I get home I will ask my mom if she wouldnand tomorrow I can come by here on my way home to tell you what shensaid.\" \"That would be great, thanks.\" \"You're welcome.\" Hallie began to walk away.n\"Bye.\" \"Bye, Hallie.\" Hallie stepped up to her car and opened up her purse fornher keys. She hesitated before grabbing her keys as she looked at thenticket. She quickly grabbed her keys and got into her car. As Hallie was leaving the gas station she went backninto the direction she came. Several minutes later she was parking her car in thenstadium's parking lot. A short time later Hallie was walking towards thenentrance. Hallie stopped a short distance from the guy at the gate.nHallie spoke under her breath, \"Okay, I can do this.\" \"Miss, can I help you?\" asked the man at thenentrance. Hallie walked up to the entrance and said as she handednthe man her ticket, \"Yes, I'm going in.\" The man took the ticket and tore off the stub. He thenndropped the ticket into the container; handed the stub back to Hallienand said, \"Enjoy the game.\" \"Thanks,\" said Hallie. \"Oh sir, can you tell menwhich way to go?\" \"Can I see the stub again?\" Hallie handed him thenstub. \"Okay just go to the right and you will walk down the thirdnset of steps. Once there you should be able to find your seat.\" Hallie took the stub and said, \"Thanks again.\" The man nodded. Hallie held on to the stub as she walked through thencrowd. Minutes later as Hallie noticed Helen second in line at thenconcession stand. Hallie walked up to her and said in a loud mannernso she can be heard over the crowd, \"Hey Helen.\" Helen turned to look. She then said, \"So you made it.\" \"Yep, I'm here. So which way is it to our seats?\" \"If you hold on a minute you can walk there with me. Incould use your help to carry things back anyway.\" \"Okay. Oh order me a soda when you order.\" \"Are you sure you don't want a brew?\" \"If I wasn't driving I would, but I'm driving, sonno. I will stick with the soda.\" \"Okay.\" Minutes later Hallie and Helen were walkingnto the seats while carrying drinks and snacks. \"Hey everyone, looknwho I found.\" Hallie saw an empty seat between Colby and Spencer \"Hey Hallie, welcome,\" said Lawrence. \"You haven'tnmissed too much of the game.\" Hallie passed out the snacks she was carrying and thenntook the seat between Spencer and Colby. \"I'm glad you decided to join us,\" said Colby. \"I do feel uncomfortable for being here, but I decidednit's time to overcome some of my issues,\" said Hallie. \"So you won't be leaving anytime soon?\" askednColby. \"My plan is to watch by quarters.\" \"What do you mean?\" asked Spencer. \"I will force myself to watch this quarter of the gamenand then I will decide if I would like to try to watch anothernquarter,\" said Hallie. \"Well, I hope you stay for the whole game,\" saidnSpencer. \"So do I,\" said Hallie. As the game progressed Spencer and Colby noticed thatnHallie got into the game. She would get up and cheer along withneveryone else when the home team would score. After the game, Hallie went with everyone to a club notntoo far from the stadium. Hallie was quiet as she listened to hernfriends. Spencer tapped her on the shoulder to get her attention. \"Are you okay?\" asked Spencer. \"I can't just sit here,\" said Hallie. \"Let'sngo play pool or darts.\" \"I'm up for a game of pool,\" said Spenser. Colby noticed Hallie and Spencer as they were standingnup. He then asked, \"Hallie, are you leaving?\" \"No, Spencer and I are going to play pool,\" saidnHallie. Colby slightly grinned as Hallie and Spencer walkedntowards the pool table. Hallie and Spencer played several games before Halliencalled it a night and went home. The following morning at Oxford University Halliennoticed as to how well Spencer was dressed as they were approachingneach other. When Spencer was close enough Hallie said, \"Wow, younlook nice.\" \"Thank you,\" said Spencer. He then talked in a quietnmanner. \"Hey Hallie, have lunch with me today. I know where therenis a real nice restaurant.\" \"What is the name of the restaurant?\" \"I would like to surprise you with that. I will tellnyou it's almost an hour away from here.\" Hallie thought for a moment. She then said, \"Sure, whynnot.\" Spencer just grinned. \"Well, we have better get to class.\" At Harvard, Annie was eating breakfast as Samantha wasnwalking up to her while carrying a newspaper. After Samantha droppednthe newspaper in front of Annie, Annie looked up at her. Samanthanthen said, \"Read the section I highlighted.\" Annie picked up the newspaper and read aloud,n\"Corruption in our universities. A football player from HarvardnUniversity came forward two days ago about corruption of collegensports. A man, who remains unidentified, was arrested yesterdaynafternoon on suspicions of buying wins to university football games.\"nAnnie stopped reading and looked up. \"Samantha, is there a reasonnyou are showing me this?\" \"According to the rumors I've been hearing LloydnTaylor was that football player. He was being paid off to lose games.nSo if he was being paid off it stands to reason that Michael Bowmannwas being paid off too.\" \"So now you believe me about Michael losing games.\" \"I do, and I'm also taking what you said about Scottnbeing murdered more seriously. Now don't take this that I want tonbecome friends with you, but I want to be in when you go after proofnagainst Michael.\" Becky walked in and noticed Annie talking to Samantha. \"I would never mistake your cooperation withnfriendship.\" Samantha just showed a distasteful grin. \"I havenplans to leave for the airport at five O'clock. If you can't makenit then you need to let me know now.\" \"Just be at my van at five O'clock with whoever younare bringing with you.\" \"We'll be there.\" Samantha walked away without her newspaper. Secondsnlater Becky took a seat next to Annie and asked, \"So what did shenwant?\" Annie held up the newspaper and said, \"Shenreconsidered about helping us when she found out that I wasn'tnlying about Michael being paid off,\" \"So we have a van this Saturday?\" \"We do.\" An hour away from Oxford University, Spencer was pullingninto a parking lot of a romantic restaurant. Hallie wasn't sure hownto react and asked, \"Is this where you're taking me?\" \"I heard this place had great food,\" said Spencer. \"This place is not exactly known for its great food.nYou also have to make a reservation almost a day in advance.\" \"I took a chance that you would say yes and made thenreservation an hour after you showed up at the football game. That'snwhat took me so long when I left to get some chips. So should we gonin?\" Hallie turned to look at the restaurant before shenspoke. Hallie then opened the door and said, \"Let's go in.\"nMinutes later while they were waiting to be seated Hallie noticednSpencer fidgeting. \"What's wrong?\" Spencer looked at Hallie asnif he was scared to answer. \"Spencer, what's wrong?\" \"There is someone here I really don't want to benseen by.\" \"Who?\" Spencer gestured towards Bradley Russell, DonaldnRussell's nephew. At the same table Audre Murdock, Bradley'snemployee, sat across from Bradley. He then said, \"I don't want tonbe seen by that man at the far table. He is sitting with the woman innthe gray dress.\" \"Who is he?\" \"His name is Bradley Russell.\" Spencer remainednquiet for a brief moment. \"Hallie, I'm not sure how much you knownabout me or how much Helen has heard of me, but my grandma use to bena chambermaid to that man's uncle.\" \"Helen had mentioned to me about how your grandma hadnreceived inheritance from Donald Russell. What about it?\" \"So you know I'm not from a rich family. In fact I'mnactually from a poor family.\" \"Spencer, you are definitely not a poor person.\" \"Hallie, if it wasn't for the inheritance I wouldnprobably be working at a low paying job right now and living in a ratnfilled apartment, and if it was up to Bradley Russell that would benexactly where I would be.\" \"It doesn't matter as to how you got on the road younare on. What matters is that you're going to Oxford University tonbecome a lawyer, and I will be very upset with you if you allownBradley Russell or Helen to belittle you.\" \"Well, I can hold my own with Helen.\" \"And I want you to hold your own with Bradley Russellnalso.\" Hallie saw the maitre d' as he was walking up. \"When wentake our seat I don't want you to hide your face from BradleynRussell.\" Spencer just grinned. The maitre d' walked up and said, '\"Mr. Prescott,nyour table is ready.\" Hallie looked at Spencer in a curious manner.n\"If you and your lovely lady will follow me, I will take you tonyour table.\" As Hallie and Spencer walked behind the maitre d'nHallie said, \"Spencer, I was curious what your last name is.\" \"My full name is Spencer Andrew Prescott, and I don'tnknow why I told you that when I don't let too many people know whatnmy middle name is.\" As Hallie and Spencer were approaching the table Halliensaid, \"There is nothing wrong with your middle name.\" \"In school from the third grade through the seventhngrade I was called Sap,\" said Spencer. \"Ah,\" said Hallie. \"Here's your table, Mr. Prescott,\" said the maitrend'. The maitre d' pulled out Hallie's seat for her to sit down.nHe then pushed the seat in again as Hallie was taking her seat. \"Thanks,\" said Hallie. \"The waiter will be in shortly,\" said the maitre d'. \"Thank you,\" said Hallie followed by Spencer. As the maitre d' was walking away Hallie and Spencernlooked over the menus. Hallie then asked, \"Spencer, I don't meannanything by this, but can you afford to be at this restaurant?\" \"I will be explaining things to my grandma when thenvisa bill arrives, but yes.\" \"Spencer, I would be just as happy to go to a fastnfood restaurant with you. You don't have to try to impress me.\" \"Hallie, I like you…\" \"And I like you,\" said Hallie. \"No, I mean I have feelings for you and I would likento be more than friends. I'm hoping by doing romantic things withnyou, such as bringing you here you would start having feelingsntowards me.\" \"Spencer, I have been having strong feelings for younwhen you started telling me poems, but I'm not ready to have anrelationship with you or anyone.\" The waiter walked up and asked, \"Sir; Madam, are younready to order?\" \"Yes, I'm ready,\" said Spencer. \"I'm also ready to order,\" said Hallie. Hallie told the waiter what she wanted. The waiternturned towards Spencer and Spencer said what he wanted. The waiternthen picked up the menus and walked away. \"Hallie, I would like to ask you something, but I'mnnot sure as to how you will react to my question\" said Spencer. \"Ask me.\" \"Why did Scott's death affect you as much as itndid?\" Hallie looked at Spencer as if she was trying to decidenwhat to say. She then said, \"Spencer, the last night Scott and Inwere together we were at a romantic restaurant. After we got doneneating Scott told me as to how much he loved me. He was just about tonask me something, but I got real nervous of his question, so Ininterrupted him and confessed something about myself that made himnchange his whole opinion about me…\" \"May I ask you what you confessed?\" asked Spencer. \"I was getting to that. Scott had this phobia aboutndating a twin that started back in high school, so he never knew Inwas a twin while we were dating. When I told him about Annie henstormed out of the restaurant. When he wanted to think about thingsnhe would go flying. I found out two mornings later he was flying hisnplane around the airport. I went to the airport to see if I can talknto him, but just after I got there I watched him crash. It's mynfault that Scott was killed. If I was upfront with him about me beingna twin then Scott would be alive now.\" \"Hallie, what happened wasn't your fault.\" \"Indirectly it was. I am feeling better about myself,nbut I still feel guilty of what happen to Scott. Until I can reallynfeel good about myself again I won't be dating anyone.\" \"Is there anything I can do to help you feel better?\" Bradley Russell walked up to the table as Hallie said,n\"You are already doing it.\" Bradley said, \"Excuse me sir, I know you, but I can'tnseem to place you.\" \"I'm sorry, but I believe you have mistaken me fornsomeone else,\" said Spencer. \"I never forget a face. We have met. If you tell menyour name, it may help me to remember.\" Spencer saw Hallie looking at him as if not to hide whonhe is. Spencer then said, \"Actually you know my grandma.\" Bradleynlooked at Spencer in a confused manner. \"My grandma was anchambermaid for your uncle.\" \"You're Spencer Prescott. Well, I can see where mynuncle's money is being squandered on.\" \"Bradley…\" Spencer was then interrupted. \"You are to call me Mr. Russell.\" Spencer saw Hallie slightly shaking her head. \"As I was saying, Bradley, I don't care what younthink of me, so you can go back to your table and pretend you nevernsaw me.\" \"Well young lady, I see you pick yourself a winner.\" \"He is very much a winner.\" \"I just hope you're not with him for his money.\" \"Spencer asked you to go back to your table and Inwould appreciate it if you do just that.\" Bradley looked at Spencer and said, \"Well, at least Inknow you or your friend can't afford to come here on a regularnbasis.\" \"I really hope you get over your constipation,\" saidnHallie. Bradley looked at Hallie in a curious manner and said,n\"I'm not constipated.\" \"You must be; you're obviously full of it.\" \"You just watch yourself, young lady.\" Bradley thennwalked away. \"I see he's a real charmer,\" said Hallie. \"I'mnwilling to bet that he tried to contest his uncle's will.\" \"He and his dad both tried to contest the will, butnthe will was older than Bradley was, so the case was quickly thrownnout. Hallie, would you know where the restrooms are?\" Hallie looked around for a second. She then pointed andnsaid, \"It's over there.\" Spencer stood up and said, \"I'll be back in anminute.\" Spencer was gone for a short time. As Spencer wasnretaking his seat, Hallie looked pass him and saw her dad walkingninto the dining area. Hallie said in a delightful manner, \"Oh my god.\" As Hallie was standing up Spencer asked. \"What'snwrong?\" \"Nothing's wrong.\" Hallie noticed Bradley walkingnpassed her. \"My dad's here. Come with me and I will introduce younto him.\" Spencer stood up again and said, \"Okay.\" As Hallie and Spencer were approaching Nick, Nick andnBradley were shaking hands. When Nick saw Hallie, Hallie was lookingnat him in a curious manner. Nick then said, \"Bradley, I would likento introduce you to my daughter.\" \"Nick, you brought your daughter with you?\" askednBradley. \"Actually I didn't know she was going to be here.nShe is standing right behind you.\" Bradley turned and faced Hallienand Spencer. Bradley looked at Hallie in a concern manner. \"Bradley,nthis is my daughter Hallie. Hallie this is Bradley Russell.\" \"Dad, we actually met moments ago.\" Audre walked up. Nick glanced at Audre for a second. Henthen looked at Hallie again and asked, \"Hallie, how did you twonmeet?\" \"Hallie, can I talk to you in private?\" askednBradley. Nick looked at Bradley in a curious manner. \"Absolutely not,\" said Hallie. \"Hallie, what's going on?\" asked Nick. \"Dad, before I answer that I would like to introducenmy friend Spencer to you. Spencer this is my dad Nick Parker.\" Spencer stuck his hand out to shakes hands and said,n\"Nice to meet you Mr. Parker.\" Nick shook hands and said, \"Likewise and you can callnme Nick. Now Hallie, what's going on?\" \"Dad, I don't know why you're meeting BradleynRussell, but he is a contemptuous person.\" \"I think there has been a misunderstanding,\" saidnBradley. \"There was no misunderstanding,\" said Spencer. \"Younalways snubbed your nose at my grandma for being your uncle'snchambermaid and when she and the other staff members received yournuncle's inheritance that snobbish feeling you had turned intonhatred. When you figured out who I was, you done everything, butncalled me a loser. You even snubbed Hallie for being with me.\" \"Mr. Russell, I won't be signing with yournadvertisement firm after all,\" said Nick. \"I will be taking mynadvertisement campaign elsewhere.\" \"Mr. Russell, you will also be receiving mynresignation,\" said Audre. \"I have decided to take Carl Milton'snoffer.\" Everyone noticed that Bradley wanted to say something asnhe looked back and forth between Hallie, Nick and Audre for a briefnmoment. Without saying a word he turned and walked towards the exit. \"Mr. Parker, I would have liked to have met you underndifferent circumstances,\" said Audre. \"My name is Audre Murdock.\" Nick stuck his hand out to shake hands and said, \"Nicento meet you Ms. Murdock.\" They shook hands. \"When you talk withnCarl Milton tell him to give me a call. I would like to talk to himnabout his firm handling my advertisement campaign.\" \"I will certainly do that. Well, I have better go callnmyself a taxi. My ride left without me.\" \"Goodbye Ms. Murdock,\" said Nick. Audre nodded hernhead, turned and walked towards the exit. \"So Hallie, why aren'tnyou at Oxford University?\" \"I had three hours between classes today, so Spencernbrought me here for lunch. So Dad, would you like to join Spencer andnme? We just ordered a short time ago.\" \"I don't want to intrude.\" \"Dad, you won't be intruding.\" \"If you're certain I won't be intruding then Inwould like to.\" \"I'm certain, Dad.\" Nick followed Hallie and Spencer back the table.[Chapter 11] ChapternEleven 11:00 A.M. Saturday morning Hallie walked into the housenand hung her purse on a hook next to the front door. Chessy was in the kitchen and talking on the phone withnNick's sister and didn't hear Hallie walking through the house.nChessy was facing away from the kitchen entrance when Hallie walkedninto the kitchen. \"Jenny, the reason why Annie and Hallie are notnswitching back is that Annie found evidence that Scott was murderednand Annie believes she knows who did it,\" said Chessy. Hallienbecame motionless with a shock expression on her face. \"Elizabethndoesn't like the idea of Annie going after the killer, but Annieninsists on doing this.\" There was a brief moment of silence. \"Anniendoesn't want Hallie to know right now.\" Chessy turned around. \"Ifnthings go…\" As Chessy saw Hallie, Hallie turned and left thenkitchen in a quick manner. \"Oh God. Jenny I have to call you back.\" Hallie grabbed her purse as she rushed out the door. As Chessy was rushing out the door Hallie was drivingnaway. Chessy rushed back into the house and dialed the phone. Annie was getting dressed and as she was putting on anshirt, her cell phone sounded. Annie answered the phone without looking at the number,n\"Hello.\" Chessy said in a panicking manner, \"Annie, it's menChessy.\" \"Chessy, is there anything wrong?\" \"I thought I was alone in the house while I wasntalking to your dad's sister about what you were doing. Hallie hadnreturned home at some point and over heard me. I'm certain Hallienis on her way to the airport. I would go after her, but I have nonkeys to the vehicles that are here.\" \"I will see what I can do to stop her. Thanks Chessynfor telling me.\" After hanging up from Chessy, Annie scrolled through hernnumbers. She then pressed the send button. Spencer was soaping his car with a sponge. As his cellnphone rang, he tossed the sponge into a bucket of water and answerednhis phone. \"Hello.\" \"Hey Spencer, it's Annie, I need your help.\" \"Annie? How did you get my number?\" \"Spencer, your number has been on this phone since youncalled me. Now listen up. I need your help.\" \"What do you need?\" \"How fast can you get to the airport?\" \"I can be there in less than an hour. Annie, what'sngoing on?\" \"Hallie found out what's going on here and she is onnher way to the airport. Spencer, I need you to stop her from gettingnon a plane.\" \"I will do what I can. Annie since Hallie knows cannyou tell me what's going on?\" \"Scotts' death wasn't an accident, he wasnmurdered. In about twelve hours I will be going after the evidence Inneed to catch the murderer. Given Hallie's emotional attachment tonScott she might interfere with my plans, so you must stop Hallie fromngetting on a plane.\" \"Annie, I understand and I will do what I can to keepnher getting on a plane.\" \"Spencer, call me back if you can't stop her.nActually call me either way.\" \"I will.\" After hanging up Spencer clipped his cell phone to hisnbelt. He then picked up the hose and rinsed off the soap from hisncar. An hour later, Spencer spotted Hallie in the process ofnbuying a ticket. Spencer quickly walked up to her and exclaimed,n\"Hallie, wait.\" The woman who was processing the ticket looked at Hallienand asked, \"Hallie?\" Hallie gave Spencer an unpleasant look and said, \"I'mnAnnie. This guy is half blind and gets me mixed up with my sister.nPlease continue processing my ticket. I will talk to this guy innprivate for a second.\" Hallie and Spencer walked a short distancenfrom the woman. \"Spencer, what are you doing here?\" \"I came to stop you from getting on a plane.\" \"Spencer I'm going to Boston. How did you find out Inwas here anyway?\" \"Annie called me and told me to stop you from gettingnon a plane,\" \"How did Annie call you when… you called Annie a fewndays ago when I told you not to. That is the only way she would havenyour number.\" \"Okay you're right, but you can't go to Boston.\" \"Spencer, my parents stopped telling me what I can andncan't do a year ago, so what makes you think that I would listen tonyou?\" \"Annie is going after Scott's killer, and with younthere she is scared you would interfere.\" \"I'm not going there to interfere; I'm going therento help. After all Scott was my boyfriend.\" \"That's exactly why you don't need to be there.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Hallie, even a doctor would never operate on a familynmember because of the emotional ties a doctor would have for thenpatient…\" \"Spencer, I'm not a doctor.\" \"Hallie, by you going after your boyfriend's killernis the same thing. You shouldn't go because you are too emotionalnto the victim.\" The woman who was processing the ticket spoke out,n\"Excuse me, Ms. James. I need your credit card to finalize yournticket.\" \"Spencer, I'm going to Boston,\" said Hallie.nHallie then walked back to the counter and pulled out her wallet fromnher purse. As Spencer was walking up to the counter he got hisnwallet and passport out of his pocket. He then said, \"Excuse menMa'am, but is there another open seat to that flight.\" Hallie looked at Spencer in a shock manner. The woman said as she was typing in the number fromnAnnie's credit card. \"Yes Sir. If you give me your passport Inwould be happy to book you on the flight.\" Spencer held out his passport and said, \"Here it is.\" As the woman was taking the passport Hallie said,n\"Spencer, you can't afford to buy a ticket to Boston.\" \"I can afford it actually. I just won't be able tongo to Oxford next semester.\" \"Spencer, why would you use your tuition money for anticket to Boston?\" \"Going with you feels like the right thing to do.\" \"Spencer, I will be all right. You don't have to donthis.\" \"You're right, I don't have to. This is somethingnI want to do. If you are going then I'm going. Besides, I no longerncare about going to Oxford next semester if you're not going to benthere.\" \"Mr. Prescott, I need your credit card,\" said thenwoman. \"Ma'am, I will be paying for his ticket as well, sonput it on my credit card,\" said Hallie. \"Yes, Ms. James,\" said woman. \"I don't want your charity,\" said Spencer. \"I'm not doing this out of charity. It's a loannand I expect you to pay me back. Of course it doesn't have to benall at once or in cash.\" \"What do you mean it don't have to be in cash?\" Hallie grinned and said, \"Just be romantic and usenyour imagination.\" Spencer grinned in an uncertain manner. He slowly leanedntowards Hallie to kiss her as if he wasn't sure if he should.nHallie realized what Spencer was doing and kissed him. The kissnlasted for a few seconds. \"That was nice,\" said Spencer. Hallie just smiled. \"Ms. James, here are your tickets, passports andncredit card,\" said the woman. \"Now if you would sign here. Yournflight will also be departing in one hour.\" Hallie took the items and said, \"Thanks.\" Afternhanding Spencer his ticket and passport Hallie signed the credit cardnreceipt. \"Spencer, have you eaten lunch?\" \"I can use a bite.\" \"I'm actually starving. Let's go to thencafeteria.\" \"Okay.\" They then walked towards the cafeteria. Minutes later, Spencer found the opportunity to warnnAnnie about Hallie and him leaving for Boston. As Hallie and Spencer were exiting the plane, Julian andnAnnie were waiting in the waiting area. Hallie and Spencer saw themnas they were walking towards them. Spencer stared at Annie and said, \"Hallie, I hopenyou're not mad at me, but I called Annie before boarding thenplane.\" As Annie and Julian were walking up Hallie said,n\"Actually, I would have been disappointed if you didn't.\"nJulian was grinning as he was walking up. Hallie looked at him in ancurious manner. \"Julian, why are you grinning?\" \"I'm seeing you and Annie together, and I am stillnhaving difficulty thinking of you as a twin.\" \"Do you think you can tell me and Annie apart if youndidn't already know what clothes we have on?\" \"Are you kidding? There is a chance I will forget whonis who in thirty minutes from now without you changing clothes.\" \"Well, while you still know who I am, I want you tonmeet Spencer. Spencer this is Julian.\" Julian and Spencer shook hands. \"Hallie, I doubt that I'm going to be able to talknyou out of helping tonight, but can you please let me lead on this,\"nsaid Annie. \"Annie, I'm not an emotional basket case,\" saidnHallie. Annie showed an expression on her face as if for Hallie tonget serious. \"Okay, I was in the past, but I'm not now. Annie, Incan do this. I need to do this.\" \"For my peace of mind please allow me to lead.\" \"Okay, you're the boss in this. I won't donanything unless you tell me to. So is there anything special I neednto know?\" \"There maybe one thing you should know before we getnback to campus.\" \"I'm listening.\" \"Samantha Mitchell is helping us.\" \"What? \"How did she get involved?\" \"We needed a van and she has one that is perfect fornwhat we need.\" \"Fine.\" Hallie showed an amuse expression on hernface. \"Hallie, what are you thinking?\" asked Julian. Spencer watched in a curious manner. \"Annie, have you told Samantha about us?\" askednHallie. \"No, and I wasn't going to either; however, yournpresence here gives me know choice, but to.\" \"Good. I want to see her reaction when we show upntogether in front of her.\" \"You're definitely getting your sense of humornback,\" said Annie. \"We should go. Cindy and the others arenwaiting for us at the coffee shop.\" Hallie just gestured to Annie to lead the way. As theynwalked towards the exit Hallie asked, \"Annie, so I don't looknlike an idiot, who all knows about us?\" \"Kristina knows. We might have a small problem withnthat though.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Kristina has plans of being a FBI agent, and she mayntake an advantage of us switching places by busting us to color upnher résumé.\" \"Annie, did you tell her about us?\" \"Actually she figured it out on her own. If I didn'tnconfirmed her suspicions about us she would have kept digging upnclues to prove her suspicions, which could have been worse for us.nDon't worry though; I have a plan to defuse what she knows aboutnus.\" \"Who else knows about us?\" As Annie was thinking, Julian said, \"There are twonpolicemen, a woman and the woman's son who know about you two.\" \"What?\" asked Hallie. \"Hallie, I filed a police report about my suspicionsnof Scott's murder,\" said Annie. \"I had to tell the police thentruth, or I could have been in trouble for falsifying a policenreport. Since we aren't hurting anyone they said they were going tonturn a blind eye to us. The woman and her son are from the smallnairport. Tobias, the boy saw someone messing with Scott's plane.\" \"So are there anymore people that know about us?\" \"Just Cindy, Todd, Craig, Becky and Susan,\" saidnAnnie. \"Annie, who do you believe that killed Scott?\" \"That piece of information I still would like to keepnfrom you.\" \"Something told me you would.\" After getting to the car, Spencer sat in back withnHallie. Hallie noticed a pleasant expression on Annie's face whennAnnie noticed Hallie and Spencer holding hands. During the drive to the coffee shop Annie told Hallienand Spencer of her plan. Minutes later Hallie, Annie, Spencer and Julian werenwalking into the coffee shop. Carrie walked up to them and asked, \"Sonwhich one of you is Hallie?\" Hallie looked at Carrie in a curious manner and said,n\"I'm Hallie. You don't seem surprised of me being a twin.\" \"Hal, Carrie also knows,\" said Annie. \"I wasn't meaning to, but I overheard Annie talkingnto you and her boyfriend on the phone in the beginning of the week,\"nsaid Carrie. \"So can I get everyone their usual?\" \"That would be good,\" said Hallie followed by Annienand Julian. Carrie looked at Spencer and asked, \"What can I getnyou?\" \"Hallie, what is usual,\" asked Spencer. \"Spencer, you can call me Hal if you would like and Indrink earl grey tea with lavender.\" \"Okay, I will. Carrie, I willnhave what Hal is having.\" \"I will be back with yourndrinks.\" Carrie then walked away. \"We should go join the others,\"nsaid Julian. As they walked towards the table Annie asked, \"Hal,nhow long have you been drinking earl grey tea?\" \"I started drinking it last year. Scott got mendrinking it.\" As they were walking up, Cindy and the others stood up.nCindy gave Hallie a hug. Hallie asked, \"So you are not mad at me for notntelling you I'm a twin?\" \"I was at first, but not anymore.\" Hallie smiled. She then said, \"Oh, everyone, I wouldnlike for all of you to meet Spencer.\" Hallie pointed out everyonento Spencer. They then took their seats. Everyone talked for about an hour when Annie got up tonuse the restroom. Annie had just stepped into the restroom whennSamantha walked into the coffee shop with Eric. Becky saw Samantha walking in and said, \"Hey Hal, looknwho just walked in.\" Everyone turned to look. Spencer then asked, \"Who arenthey?\" \"The woman is Samantha,\" said Hallie. \"And is shendating Eric?\" \"They have been spending a lot of time together,\"nsaid Todd. \"I will be back in a few minutes,\" said Hallie. Shenthen stood up. \"What are you going to do?\" asked Julian. \"I'm just going to use the restroom. Of course I'mngoing to make sure Samantha sees me when I walk by.\" Hallie thennwalked towards the restroom. Samantha looked at Hallie as shenapproached. \"Hi, Sam; hi Eric.\" \"Hallie,\" said Eric. \"Hallie, just because I'm helping you tonight, itndoesn't mean that we are friends,\" said Samantha. \"Hey, I never thought that for a minute.\" Samanthanlooked at Hallie in an uncertain manner as Hallie continued to walkntowards the women's room. As Hallie was walking into the women'snroom Annie was washing her hands. \"Annie, Samantha is here.\" \"Hallie, I'm glad you got your sense of humor back,nbut we should just tell Samantha instead of having fun with her.\"nAnnie then dried her hands. \"If we get Samantha mad at us she mightnnot help us and we need her van.\" \"Annie, relax. All I have planned is to let you go outnfirst. Samantha and Eric saw me, so they are going to notice that thenclothes you have on are different. After I let them scratch theirnheads for a minute I will leave the restroom. I will admit this isnnot a spectacular joke, but it should get her attention. And if younwant, you can tell Samantha the truth and let her know I'm here.\" \"Why are you willing to let me tell Samantha thentruth?\" \"I really think she will believe that you are makingnme up… or you up actually. I will then show up to shock her.\" \"Hallie, if you do anything to make Samantha drop out,nyou are to find us another van.\" \"Fine.\" After leaving the restroom Annie saw Samantha and Ericnstanding at the counter. She walked up to Samantha and positionednherself so Samantha and Eric were facing away from the restroom.nSamantha and Eric looked at Annie in a curious manner. Becky saw Annie stepping up to Samantha. She thennpointed and said, \"Hey guys, watch.\" \"Hallie, did you change clothes?\" asked Eric. \"I can see why it would appear that way, but no,\"nsaid Annie. \"Samantha, I have a confession to make.\" \"Hallie, what are you talking about?\" askednSamantha. \"That's just it, I'm not Hallie; I'm Annie,nHallie's twin sister. Up until a short time ago Hallie was innLondon. She is here now though. Oh and for right now, I don't wantnher to know who killed Scott.\" Samantha looked at Annie as if Annie had lost her mind. Hallie left the restroom. After a moment of silence Samantha finally said,n\"Hallie, you had me going for a few seconds.\" \"I'm serious.\" Annie saw Hallie as Hallie wasnwalking up. \"Hallie is my twin sister. We switched universities forna semester. If you turn around you will see I'm telling you thentruth. Hallie is walking up behind you.\" Samantha said as Hallie walked up behind her, \"Hallie,nI am not going to fall for it.\" \"Fall for what?\" asked Hallie. Samantha and Eric quickly turned to face Hallie.nSamantha made a quick yelp as if she was startled. She then did andouble take of Hallie to Annie and said, \"You were telling me thentruth.\" Annie slightly grinned and said, \"I had no reason tonlie about this.\" \"This is unbelievable,\" said Eric. \"So which one of you is Hallie?\" asked Samantha. Hallie slightly raised her hand and said, \"That wouldnbe me.\" \"Hallie, so you were lying when you told me that bitnabout Scott wouldn't date a twin,\" said Samantha. \"I didn't lie. Scott didn't know I was a twinnuntil the last date Scott and I were on. When I told him the truthnabout me he got angry and stormed out of the restaurant. I tried tonapologize to him, but he wouldn't listen. That was on a Friday. OnnSunday I found out that Scott was flying his plane. I went to thenairport to apologize again and when I got there his plane crashed notntoo far away from me. If you don't believe me you can talk to Cindynabout it.\" Samantha looked at Hallie as she thought for a briefnmoment. She then said, \"I now understand why you took Scott'sndeath as personal as you did. You blamed yourself for his death.\"nHallie just grinned to acknowledge the statement. \"Hallie, earliernthis week I was trying to express my condolence for your loss, but Inthink I told Annie instead. Since I know the truth now, I would likento express them to you. Hallie, I'm very sorry for the loss younsuffered.\" Hallie smiled and said, \"Thank you. Well, Annie and Inshould return to our table. Samantha, I know you don't care muchnfor me or my friends, but you and Eric are welcome to join us.\" \"I will pass. I need to digest everything I learn fromnthe past five minutes.\" \"Perhaps another time?\" \"I never liked you Hallie and I don't see thatnchanging.\" \"I don't know what I did for you to despise me asnmuch as you do, but I'm done trying to make peace with you. Afterntonight you can stay on your side of the university and I will staynon mine.\" \"You know what you did.\" \"No, I don't.\" \"I have never been passed over by a man for anothernwoman in my life. Every man I ever wanted to be with I got. Then youncame along. You make me feel like one of those girls who stand on thenside of a dance floor hoping to be asked to dance.\" \"Scott knew you were a twin, so he would have neverndated you.\" \"Yes, he would have. As I said there was never a mannthat I couldn't get, until you entered my life.\" \"Samantha, I'm sorry that you feel the way you do,nbut I never meant to make you feel that way.\" \"I don't want your apology. Now if you and Annienwill excuse me; Eric and I would like to be alone.\" \"We will see you at five O'clock,\" said Annie. \"And don't be late,\" said Samantha. \"We won't be,\" said Hallie. As Samantha and Eric went to a secluded table, Annie andnHallie rejoined their friends.[Chapter 12] Chapter Twelve At five O'clock Samantha left for the airport. Amanda was in the front passenger seat. Hallie, Annie, Spencer, Cindy and Craig were in the back of the van. Julian, Todd, Becky, Susan and Kristina had followed Samantha in Julian's Jeep Liberty. An hour later Samantha parked her car at the far side of the airport's parking lot. Julian parked his vehicle right beside Samantha's van. As everyone was leaving their vehicles, Mack was walking to his car and saw Annie and Hallie. He then passed up his car and continued walking towards them. As he was walking up to Annie and Hallie he noticed Samantha and Amanda. As Mack walked up he said, \"This can't be good.\" Hallie looked at Mack in a curious manner and asked, \"Who are you?\" The others gathered around. \"Hallie, this is Tobias' father,\" said Annie. \"So it was your son that saw Scott's plane being tampered with?\" asked Hallie. \"That's correct,\" said Mack. \"Tobias told me about it that night, but he has this habit of making up wild stories, so I didn't take him serious. If I would have listened to Tobias things might have been different.\" \"I'm not blaming you,\" said Hallie. \"So Hallie; Annie, what are you and your friends doing here?\" asked Mack. \"I sent the person I believe is responsible for Scott's murder a letter to meet me here,\" said Annie. \"When he gets here I'm going to get him to confess what he did.\" \"We have a few recording devices and surveillance devices to get his confession on tape,\" said Cindy. \"What you're planning sounds dangerous,\" said Mack. \"We have a plan,\" said Hallie. \"That I'm sure of, but if your plan fails someone can get killed or at the very least you won't get the confession,\" said Mack. \"We are going to try anyway,\" said Cindy. \"Then I insist that I join you,\" said Mack. \"I know every inch of this airport and I know where you can set your trap and surveillance equipment.\" \"We except your offer,\" said Annie. \"Good. Now first of all, we have to hide your vehicles,\" said Mack. \"If this guy sees them, your plan will fail before it gets started.\" \"And where am I supposed to put my van?\" asked Samantha. \"Everyone get back into your vehicles and follow me,\" said Mack. A few minutes later Mack, Samantha and Julian were parking their vehicles in an empty hanger. After getting out of their vehicles Mack walked up to Annie and Hallie, and said, \"I need to hear your plan, so I know where to set up the trap.\" After hearing the plan he led everyone to another hanger to lay the trap. Julian, Spencer and Craig carried the equipment. Todd and Craig also had binoculars hanging off their necks. Hallie helped Annie to carry a good size case with the resuscitating dummy. The hanger had one small Cessna. Large boxes and cans were neatly located off to the side. After reaching the hanger, Annie and Hallie pulled out a fully dressed dummy from the case and placed it in the cockpit of the Cessna. A video tape along with a note was placed in the dummy's lap. Julian, Spencer, Craig and Todd concealed a listening device within the Cessna. Mack drew a rough diagram of the airport. Cindy, Becky, Susan and Kristina created a small hideaway within the hanger to conceal the camera by using the boxes and cans. Samantha made chalk-outlines of Amanda's footsteps from the gate entrance of the parking lot to the hanger with the Cessna. After the speaker and listening devices were tested, Mack pointed out the best stakeout positions on the map to everyone. After the airport closed at seven Spencer, Todd and Craig took up a position to where they could see when someone would approach the airport. Julian took a position next to the camera. Each one had a walkie-talkie with the same frequency. Annie wrote two messages in big letters on two good size pieces of cardboard and attached one of them to the gate entrance. A walkie-talkie of a different frequency from what Todd, Spencer, Julian and Craig were using and a flashlight with weak batteries were placed on the ground just below the sign. The other sign was attached to the door outside the hanger where the trap is set up. After everything was setup everyone went back to the first hanger. The side doors to the van were open. Samantha sat in the driver's seat of her van. Amanda sat in the front passenger seat. Annie and Hallie sat in the back holding the two walkie-talkies. One of the walkie-talkies was used to talk to their friends as they stand guard. The other will be use to talk to Michael. Cindy, Becky, Susan, Kristina and Mack stood outside the van. Everyone talked in a light chatter and waited patiently for Michael to walk into their trap. Hallie would radio Spencer, Todd or Craig every fifteen minutes. Annie looked at her watch the fourth time Hallie radioed them. She then said, \"Hal, will you please be patient. They know to radio us if they see someone approach. Besides it's not even nine O'clock yet.\" \"In a few minutes it will be nine. If I was this guy, I would have gotten here early.\" \"So would I, but I might not have given him much of a chance to get here early or on time.\" \"Annie, since the time is almost upon us can you tell me who killed Scott?\" Annie thought for a second. She then said, \"Hal, you must promise me that you will control your anger if I tell you.\" \"Annie, the person who killed Scott is most likely on his way here. Once I get word that he is approaching I will act the same way if you tell me his name or not.\" \"And how will you act?\" \"I won't do anything to jeopardize this trap. More than likely I want this guy imprison more than you do.\" \"That statement is what I wanted to here.\" \"I'm not going to take revenge on this guy. A few weeks ago I might have considered it, but not now.\" \"I believe you. Hallie, Michael Bowman was the one who tampered with Scott's plane.\" \"Annie, when you discovered Michael as being the killer, did you find out what the motive was. I mean, Scott and I knew Michael was angry at Scott, but we couldn't figure out why.\" \"Michael was being paid off to lose football games and in the last minutes of one of those games, Scott made the winning touchdown.\" \"I know the game you are talking about. If I'm thinking correctly Michael was in an accident that night after the game.\" \"Michael was injured, but it was no accident. The guy who paid Michael off took retribution.\" \"Everything is making sense to me now.\" \"Humpty-dumpty to Mother-Goose,\" Todd radioed. Hallie and Annie looked at each other in a puzzling manner. Hallie then radioed, \"Todd, you are having too much fun.\" \"A car is approaching the parking lot,\" Todd radioed. \"Acknowledge,\" said Hallie. \"Hey Julian, start the camera recording and get out of there.\" Mack started shutting the hanger doors to conceal their presence. Everyone else gathered around the van to hear. \"I'm already on it,\" Julian radioed. \"Hal, let me have the radio,\" said Annie. Hallie handed over the radio. \"Todd; Craig let me know if the person is Michael.\" \"I will know in a bit,\" Todd radioed. \"He's about ready to park his car.\" Everything was quiet. After shutting the hanger doors Mack walked up to the van, so he could hear. \"And the big bad wolf is… he is Michael; I'll repeat, he is Michael.\" Annie spoke into the radio, \"Okay everyone, keep out of sight.\" \"Hey, he just stuck a pistol behind his back,\" Craig radioed. \"I was scared something like this would happen,\" said Mack. \"Mack, I have already imagined that as one possibility,\" said Annie. \"Everything is still going as planned.\" Mack pulled out a cell phone and said, \"Well before someone gets hurt I'm calling the cops.\" \"Mack, wait a few minutes,\" said Annie. \"Give us a chance to get his confession.\" \"This guy is planning to shoot someone,\" said Mack. \"And right now the only target is the dummy which is why the dummy was place there,\" said Annie. \"Mack, he killed my boyfriend, and if there is a chance to get his confession I want to take it,\" said Hallie. \"Please let me take this chance.\" \"My good judgment is telling me to call the police right now,\" said Mack. \"I just hope I don't regret going against my judgment.\" Mack put his phone away. \"Thank you,\" said Hallie. \"If I see things getting more dangerous, I'm calling the cops,\" said Mack. \"Hello,\" Michael radioed. \"Okay everyone, quiet,\" said Annie as she picked up the walkie-talkie to that frequency. Annie then used the voice changer as she spoke into the radio. \"Michael, I have been expecting you.\" \"Well I'm here, so you can come out from where ever you are,\" Michael radioed. \"You will come to me,\" Annie radioed. \"You will find me by following the footprints on the ground.\" \"So who are you?\" Michael radioed. \"I told you what you can call me in the letter,\" Annie radioed. \"No matter, I will find out in a few minutes,\" Michael radioed. \"So nighthawk, what do you want to keep quiet?\" \"I will let you know that when you join me,\" Annie radioed. Everything was quiet for a few minutes. The silence was broken by sounds over the speaker of the listening device. A short time later everyone heard four gun shots. \"Okay, that's it,\" said Mack. \"I'm calling the cops.\" \"Relax, Rosie is the only one who got shot,\" said Hallie. Mack looked at Hallie in a curious manner. He then said, \"I sure hope Rosie is the dummy… and I don't care.\" said Mack. He then dialed the police. \"Hallie, we still may have enough time to get his confession before the cops come,\" said Annie. \"I would like to congratulate you nighthawk,\" Michael radioed. \"I didn't expect this.\" \"So did you get my note and the copy of the tape?\" Annie radioed. \"I have them both in my hand right now,\" Michael radioed. \"The only thing on this note is a bank account number. It doesn't say as to how much you want from me for your copy of the tape.\" \"Just keep adding to it and when I have enough I will send you my tape,\" Annie radioed. \"So that is all I have to do?\" Michael radioed. \"Well I am curious about something,\" Annie radioed. Hallie crossed her fingers. \"What are you curious about?\" Michael radioed. Hallie pressed the record-button on a tape recorder for a back-up source to get the confession. \"Who was the guy and why did you do it?\" Annie radioed. \"You want to know why I killed Scott Knight.\" Michael radioed. Hallie said just above a whisper, \"Yes.\" Annie looked at Hallie and grinned. She then radioed \"Yes, I would like to know why you did it.\" Mack was returning. \"He ruined my life, so I took his,\" Michael radioed. \"You don't need to know anymore than that.\" \"Fair enough,\" Annie radioed. \"Well, I will be in touch; nighthawk out.\" Annie continued to speak in the voice changer. \"Mack, we did it.\" Annie realized she was speaking into the voice changer and turned it off. \"Oh, sorry.\" Hallie turned off the recorder. \"I'm glad to hear it,\" said Mack. \"The cops are on their way as well.\" \"We should stay out of sight until the cops get here,\" said Hallie. \"Mother-Goose, the big bad wolf had just left the hanger,\" Todd radioed. Hallie got on the walkie-talkie with Todd's frequency and said, \"Hey, everyone the trap was sprung. Stay out of sight until he leaves.\" \"Affirmative,\" Todd radioed. \"Hey guys, I'm seeing headlights approaching,\" Spencer radioed. \"That might be the police,\" Hallie radioed. \"Just stay out of sight, until we know for sure.\" \"Will do,\" Spencer radioed. \"What are we going to do if it is the police?\" asked Samantha. \"We will turn ourselves in,\" said Annie. \"We will also give the cops the tape of Michael's confession,\" said Hallie. \"Mother-Goose, the big bad wolf has reached the parking lot and seem to be nervous of the car approaching,\" Todd radioed. \"The car is a police car,\" Craig radioed. There was a brief silence. \"The big bad wolf has noticed the car as being a cop car and reentered the airport,\" Todd radioed. \"We need to get everyone in the van or the Liberty,\" said Annie. Hallie handed Annie the walkie-talkie. She then stuck her head out of the van and said, \"Hey everyone, in a quiet manner, get into the van or the Liberty. Michael is on the run somewhere in the airport and if he runs in here he might start shooting.\" Everyone got into the vehicles. \"Annie, what should I do?\" asked Samantha. \"Do nothing right now,\" said Annie. \"The chances of Michael coming this way are low. Be prepared to start your engine on my mark though.\" Annie got on the walkie-talkie. \"Todd, do you still have a sight on Michael?\" \"Negative,\" Todd radioed. \"Hey, I saw a shadow ducking around the corner of the flight school towards the planes,\" Julian radioed. \"Julian, I hope you're out of sight,\" Annie radioed. \"I'm fine,\" Julian radioed. \"The cops are getting out of the car,\" Craig radioed. Hallie looked at Mack and said, \"The cops showing up are making matters worse. I hope they don't shoot Spencer, Craig, Julian or Todd thinking they were the shooter.\" Annie got on the radio and said, \"Hey guys, if the cops come near you drop everything in your hands and announce that you are giving yourself up. We don't need you guys getting shot.\" \"Will do,\" Todd radioed. \"Hey, two more cop cars are approaching,\" Craig radioed. \"Hey guys, the big bad wolf is back in my view,\" Todd radioed. \"I see him too,\" Spencer radioed. \"He's walking in the open and back towards the cops.\" \"He must have ditched the gun,\" said Hallie. \"Hey after Michael gives up, all of us should do the same,\" Annie radioed. \"I agree,\" Todd radioed. When Michael came into view by the police, he stuck his hands in the air. \"Hey guys, the big bad wolf has just given himself up,\" Todd radioed. \"The cops are walking up to him now.\" \"Everyone, drop what you have in your hands and walk to the cops with your hands up,\" Annie radioed. \"We'll do the same.\" The cops were at the police car taking Michael's statement when Todd and Spencer were coming into the police's view. The three cops that arrived a moment earlier are walking up to the first two cops when they spot Todd and Spencer in the open. \"What the…\" said the cop. \"Don't shoot,\" Spencer yelled out. All the policemen turned to look. Julian and Craig entered the police's view as well. \"Smith, Reilly and Combs go round those four up,\" said Sgt. Swartz, the lead cop. \"Yes, Sir,\" said Reilly. Sgt. Swartz looked at Michael's driving license and said, \"So Michael… Bowmen, who are your friends?\" \"I don't know who they are. I thought I was alone.\" \"Well, we will get this all straighten out at the station.\" As Combs was walking towards Craig, he turned his head and saw the others as they were walking away from the hanger. Everyone had their arms away from their side. Combs then yelled out, \"Hey Sgt. Swartz, you have better radio for a paddywagon. We have a large group here.\" Sgt. Swartz reached for the button on is radio and said, \"It sounds as though you guys were having yourself a good ole time.\" He then spoke into the radio. \"Headquarters, this is Sgt. Swartz. I'm at the airport. We need additional back up and a paddywagon here.\" \"Affirmative,\" said the operator. A brief moment later everyone was walking up to the police cars. Hallie walked up to Michael and Sgt. Swartz. She then said, \"Officers, a few months ago this man killed Scott Knight and we can prove it.\" \"I…\" Michael did a double take when he saw Annie. Michael showed a puzzled expression on his face. \"I didn't kill anyone.\" \"We have your confession on video and cassette tape after you shot Rosie,\" said Hallie. \"Wait, a minute,\" said Sgt. Swartz. \"Someone got shot?\" \"Oh, Rosie is a resuscitating dummy that we borrowed from Harvard,\" said Hallie. \"Where are the tapes and this dummy?\" asked Sgt. Swartz. \"The chalk footprints will lead you there. The camera is hidden behind the stacked up boxes and cans. The cassette tape is in my back pocket.\" Michael had a hatred expression on his face as he looked at Hallie. \"Reilly and Combs go check it out,\" said Sgt. Swartz. \"Yes, Sir,\" said Reilly. \"Okay, everyone here is under arrest for… at the very least for trespassing,\" said Sgt. Swartz. He then looked at Michael. \"Additional charges could be pending. Kimble read everyone his or her rights.\" \"Yes, sir,\" said Kimble. An hour later everyone was waiting at the police station. The noise of the chatter was more than normal. Spencer was sitting next to Hallie and noticed she was acting a little distance from him. He then asked, \"Hal, are you okay?\" \"I'm fine,\" said Hallie. \"You're not acting fine.\" \"Spencer, I would understand if you change your mind about me.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I dragged you to the United States only to get you arrested and…\" \"You didn't drag me anywhere. I'm here, by choice.\" \"Well still, you're probably thinking you can't wait to get back to England and far away from me.\" \"That's not what I'm thinking at all.\" Spencer then leaned over and kissed Hallie. Hallie grinned after the kiss ended. \"So what are you thinking?\" \"I'm thinking that being with you will never be boring and I can't wait for our first real date. Hal, I'm crazy about you and I have been since the day we met at the airport. That hasn't changed.\" Hallie gave Spencer a kiss and a hug. She then said, \"I'm falling for you as well.\" Annie saw Capt. Wallace approaching them and said, \"Hal, the captain is coming.\" Hallie turned to look as he was stepping up. \"Annie James and Hallie Parker, I'm willing to bet that you two are the ring leaders behind this whole airport circus,\" said Capt. Wallace. Annie and Hallie looked at Capt. Wallace in a nervous manner. \"I want you two to come with me.\" \"Yes Sir,\" Annie and Hallie said together. Capt. Wallace led Annie and Hallie through a hall and into an interrogation room. Annie and Hallie were quiet as they were walking into the room. \"Have a seat you two,\" said Capt. Wallace. As Annie and Hallie were taking their seats Annie said, \"Captain…\" Capt. Wallace interrupted, \"Stop talking. Before either of you say another word I would like to ask both of you a question. Why are you two busting up my marriage?\" Hallie and Annie looked at Capt. Wallace in a confused manner. Annie then said, \"I don't know what you mean.\" \"First of all, which one of you is Hallie and which one of you is Annie?\" Hallie raised her hand and said, \"I'm Hallie,\" \"And I'm Annie.\" \"Hallie; Annie, just guess what I was doing before I received a call from the duty sergeant to return to the station.\" \"You were having a relaxing day with your wife,\" said Hallie. \"I wish. Five minutes before receiving the phone call to return here I was promising my wife that I wouldn't run out the door every time the station called. During that phone call I was in the middle of telling the duty sergeant to handle the situation himself, but lo and behold I was inform that two… not one, but two sets of identical twins were arrested. I knew when he told me that, that one set of those twins were you two.\" \"Captain…\" said Hallie. Capt. Wallace gestured for her to be silent and said, \"Oh, I'm not done yet. Now do either one of you want to guess what I might find when I return home.\" \"I wouldn't know,\" said Annie. Capt. Wallace pulled out his keys from his pocket and held them up. He then said, \"Unfortunately neither do I. There's a good chance that my house key won't work anymore.\" \"Capt. Wallace, we are sorry,\" said Annie. \"You're sorry?\" \"We did get Michael's confession on tape,\" said Hallie. \"That was all we were trying to do.\" \"And you exposed yourselves as being an extortionists,\" said Capt. Wallace. \"That was just a bluff,\" said Annie. \"The bank account number we gave Michael was made up and the tape has a \"Bewitch\" marathon on it.\" \"Well that bank account number you made up is an active account.\" \"You're kidding.\" said Annie. \"No, I'm not. The person with that account lives in Atlanta Georgia. Do either of you know anyone who lives in Atlanta?\" \"Not at all,\" said Annie. Hallie just shook her head. \"Capt. Wallace, I was just picking out random numbers from my head and tried to make the number look like a bank account number. If I knew it was an active account I would have never used it.\" \"Well you made the number look too real; however, I do believe that you never meant to use a real bank account number for a few reasons. That tape you gave Michael is one of the reasons.\" \"What's going to happen to us?\" asked Hallie. \"Well, after reviewing the video tape of the dummy's assassination and Michael's confession, Michael is being book on killing Scott Knight along with additional charges. As for you two and your cohorts I have a good mind to bring all of you up on charges; however, if I can get promises from all of you I will drop the charges and give all you written warnings.\" \"What kind of promises?\" asked Annie. \"Everyone is to return to Harvard University… well Oxford University for two of you. I want all of your promises to remain there and no more sting operations like you had pulled tonight. All of you are to leave police businesses to the police.\" \"Of course, Capt. Wallace,\" said Hallie. \"I promise.\" \"I promise too,\" said Annie. \"I also what the promises of your friends,\" said Capt. Wallace. \"I don't see that as a problem,\" said Annie. \"Good. Now speaking off the record, I would like to say that I can use police officers with imaginations like the two of you have on catching criminals.\" Annie and Hallie smiled. \"Oh and I will deny ever saying that.\" \"Oh, of course,\" said Hallie. \"So are we free to leave?\" asked Annie. \"As soon as all of you receive your written warnings you may leave.\" \"Yes, Sir,\" said Hallie. \"Capt. Wallace, would I be asking too much for my video camera back?\" asked Annie. \"Since all I need is the tape, you can have your camera and your walkie-talkies back.\" \"Thank you,\" said Annie. \"You're welcome; however, the dummy is evidence, so that won't be returned.\" \"I need to buy Harvard a new Rosie anyway,\" said Hallie. \"I think bullet holes in the resuscitating dummy would raise too many questions.\" \"Well that is between you and Harvard. Okay, you two are free to rejoin your friends.\" As Hallie and Annie were standing up Hallie said, \"Yes, Sir.\" A minute later, Capt. Wallace, Annie and Hallie were walking up to the others. Capt. Wallace spoke out. \"Okay, everyone who is involved with Annie and Hallie listen up. The desk sergeant will be giving all of you a written warning. Once you receive this warning you are free to leave; however, I have better not see any of you back in here again. Is that clear?\" \"Yes, officer,\" said Todd followed by everyone else. \"Capt. Wallace, our vehicles are still at the airport,\" said Mack. \"There are too many of you to be shuttled back to your vehicles,\" said Capt. Wallace. \"However, I will have one of my officers drive the drivers to those vehicles. The drivers can then return here and pick up the others.\" \"Fair enough,\" said Samantha. \"Sergeant, start giving them their warnings,\" said Capt. Wallace. \"Yes, Captain,\" said the sergeant. Capt. Wallace looked at Hallie and Annie. He then said, \"Now, I'm going to return home and see if I still have a home.\" \"Good luck,\" said Hallie. Capt. Wallace just gave a Hallie a distasteful look. He then walked away. Spencer walked up to Hallie and asked, \"Hal, what was with that look he gave you?\" \"It was nothing important,\" said Hallie. Fifteen minutes later Julian, Samantha and Mack were being driven back to the airport for their vehicles. Everyone else waited outside the police station. Spencer noticed Hallie as if she was in deep thought. He then asked, \"So what are you thinking about, Hal?\" Hallie looked at Spencer and said, \"Spencer, eventually Annie and I will have to go to our correct universities, which means you and I will be attending different universities. I don't know about you, but I'm not good with a long distance relationship.\" \"Hallie, what are you saying?\" \"Oh, I'm not ending what we got started. For next semester, I'm thinking about switching to Oxford, so we can be with each other.\" \"You don't have to do that.\" \"I know I don't, but I want to.\" \"No I mean I was actually accepted to Harvard, Yale, Oxford and a few other universities. Although I wanted to attend Oxford, it was my grandma's idea to send out the application to the other universities. It's probably too late this semester to attend Harvard, but I think I can next semester.\" \"So you were thinking about switching universities. \"I was going to surprise you and show up at Harvard, but I couldn't do that if you switched university,\" said Spencer. Hallie smiled and gave Spencer a hug. \"So you won't change university?\" \"I will wait and see if you can't. If you can't, I can.\" \"You got yourself a deal.\" Spencer then started kissing Hallie. Cindy walked up and interrupted Hallie and Spencer. \"Hey Hal,\" said Cindy. Hallie and Spencer ended the kiss. Hallie then asked, \"What's up?\" \"I just remembered something I think you should know,\" said Cindy. Cindy then gave Spencer an uncertain look. \"Should I leave and let you two talk?\" asked Spencer. \"Please,\" said Cindy. \"This won't take too long and you two can get back to what you were doing.\" Spencer pointed and said, \"I'll be over there.\" He then walked away. \"So Cindy, what's up?\" asked Hallie. \"The weekend when Scott was killed, Scott had planned to ask you to fly to New York with him for you to meet Aunt Ruth… his mom.\" \"Why do you want me to know this?\" \"Hallie, if you had gotten on that plane you would have been killed also.\" \"Wow; that is… wow. I'm not sure how I should react to what you told me.\" \"Hallie, I just wanted you to know that. Well I will let you and Spencer get back to what you were doing before I interrupted.\" Hallie grinned. The following morning Spencer helped Annie and Hallie to make Kristina believe that Annie is the sister who was leaving for London. As the weeks passed Kristina never caught on that Annie was the one who was attending Harvard. In London Hallie and Spencer relationship grew more serious. Spencer was also able to sign up for the spring semester at Harvard with Nick and Elizabeth's influences. Michael pleaded guilty to a reduce charge of murder for his cooperation of putting the man responsible for the football scandal behind bars. Michael was sentenced to twenty years in prison along with having to see a psychiatrist. A day after being admitted to the state penitentiary Michael hung pictures of everyone who was involved in the trap. Once the pictures were hung he writes \"Black-thirteen. Our paths are connected until death do us part.\" – The End – ","Summary":" The characters in \"The Trap\" are base on the WaltnDisney's \"The Parent Trap\" starring Lindsay L"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"How D'You Do?","Author":"ThePotterGeek","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3625405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my new story of the week nnnThis is my new story of the week! Also known asnmy second What a Girl Wants fianfic. Want Ian. Sadly don't own him or anything. -- I was sitting on thenreception desk, oblivious to the chaos around me, working on a melodynfor one of my songs. It was getting frustrating, because I had beenndoing this for a while and I wasn't even done with the first verse.nEvery time I tried, it didn't sound right. I must've said so outnloud, because a girl who had walked up to me said, \"No, I think itnsounded really good.\" I was somewhatnstartled. She was American. \"Thanks.\" She was pretty. I foundnmyself liking her even though I had barely said one thing to her. She stared at mynguitar for a second. \"Is that a Gibson J-200?\" she asked, voicenfilled with awe. \"Yeah.\" This girlnknew something about guitars. \"Are you a musician?\" I asked her.nWell, how else would she know? \"No,\" she replied,n\"but I live with one back home.\" I could feel my facenfall slightly. \"Oh.\" So she had a boyfriend, and wasnliving with him. That's how else she could know. \"My mom,\" shenadded, smiling a little. I was tempted to laugh at falling for a girlnwhose name and origin (apart from country) I didn't know. I can bena bit ridiculous sometimes. \"Oh!\" Now morencheerful (all because a pretty girl that I like is still single), Inslid off the desk, and stuck a sign that said 'reception' on it.nOkay, so I had been slacking off. So what. \"So, you checking in?\" She grinned at me,nalmost laughing. \"Day job?\" She got it. She acted like she had anmillion back where she lived. \"Yeah, one of many.\"nIt was strange how easily I could talk to her. It was probably anmistake, but I couldn't think straight. \"You know, life of anstruggling musician.\" \"Ah.\" In an ongoing game ofn'Try to Catch Your Fellow Employee Off Guard', one of the guysnthrew a soft football at my head and yelled, \"Ian, catch!\"npronouncing my name incorrectly in the process. Leaving the receptionndesk, I offered to show her around. Being American, she probablyndidn't really know what to do with herself. \"So the kitchen'snthrough there,\" I pointed, \"Common room's down the hall.\"nForgetting that she wasn't from this country, I said rathernquickly, \"I should warn you the dog and bone's on the blink andnwe've no lift here.\" She looked so confusednI almost laughed. \"Huh?\" \"Phone,\" I put mynhand on it for emphasis, \"is broken. Elevator: none.\" A girl walked out ofnthe toilet and shouted, \"Lou's free.\" Her eyebrow creased.n\"Who's Lou?\" I grinned again. Thisnwas just a smile fest. \"We better take this slowly.\" She grinned,nbut it kind of stayed pasted on her face when she heard thentelevision. Something about Lord Dashwood giving up his seat in thenHouse of Lords to actually run in the election. Whatever. I never paynattention to politics. Not after my grandparents. She walked towards thenscreen, eyes never leaving it. \"My dad.\" That, more than anythingnelse, shocked me. This American girl, daughter of one of the oldestnand richest families in England? And we had been getting along sonnicely, too… I had no chance with her, not in a million years. Mynfamily was shunned by people like that, ever since my mother marriednbeneath her 'station'. \"Lord Dashwood, whonwill marry his fiancé, Glynnis Payne, in the presence of the Queennat the end of the summer will also inherit a stepdaughter, the lovelynClarissa Payne.\" The reporter may have stopped talking if he hadnseen the smile slide slowly off her face. She looked so… sad. I figured that Inwouldn't be missed very much, so I said, \"Fancy a walk?\" Whennshe nodded, I led the way to the door. The second we stepped outside,nI remembered that I didn't even know her name. The only thing Inknew about her was that she was a Dashwood, and her mother was anmusician. And that she knows about day jobs. \"Sorry, I'm IannWallace.\" I held out my hand, and she shook it. \"Daphne Reynolds.\"nOkay, maybe not a Dashwood? We walked for a while,nand she told me that she had come here from New York to look for herndad, because she had lived without one for her whole life. She toldnme about how her mother, the musician, had raised her. I could tellnthat now she was having doubts about coming, and she voiced them soonnafterward. \"I just don't knownif I can do this anymore.\" \"Daphne, he's yournfather. You flew halfway around the world to see him.\" Since I hadnnever been in a situation remotely like this in my life, all I couldndo was ensure her that a parent's love is constant, and it'snalmost obligatory. And she was such a lovable person. I should know.n\"You can't turn back now.\" I don't want you to. But shenwouldn't stay for me. She'd have to be crazy to stay for a guynshe barely knows. \"He has a familynnow. You saw them… They're so elegant and sophisticated. It'snlike…\" she trailed off for a second. I waited for he to finish.n\"What would he want with me?\" What wouldn't he want with you?nYou're his daughter. But instead of staying serious, I decided tonpaint the whole thing a brighter color. \"Yeah, well, you gotna point there.\" I could joke and she could take it. We were both sonnatural around each other. No tenseness or awkwardness of havingnknown each other for only twenty minutes at all. So maybe I did havena chance. \"Shut up.\" Shensmiled slightly, though. I felt that if she could have less of ansolemn mood about all of it, she would see how it wasn't so bad.n\"It's just… not as simple as I thought.\" She paused. \"MaybenI should just go home and let him get on with his life.\" She looked up at me,nhoping for more advice. I walked ahead of her, thinking No, no,nNO! , but I couldn't help her anymore. The truth was, I barelynknew her. She needed to figure it out on her own. We continued to walknin silence. Neither of us said anything, but neither of us needed tontalk. When we got onto the street, she said, \"You're right. I'llnsee you around,\" and hopped on a bus. I waved before shendisappeared from sight, hoping against hope that I would see hernaround. It was days before I saw her again. So do you like? This is my second story like this.nI figured that I was doing pretty well with my other one, so I'mngoing to attempt to tear open another male mind. Review! -Arnold-[Chapter 2] Don't own it Don't own it. I'm doing somentweaking, trying to make the story less like you're watching thenmovie and more like you're really seeing Ian's character. I madenhim a little quirkier in the last chapter, and now I'm gonna do itnagain. And again. For as long as necessary. -- I figured that sincenshe didn't come back to the hotel, and some butler came to get hernstuff, that Daphne had found her father and was living in his house.nOr something like that. Now I had to find her, because I wasn'tngoing to let her disappear; I liked her too much. I didn't evennhave a shoe in a country full of women with over and undersized feet! I called the DashwoodnManor the next day (having found it in the phone book- you'd thinknif they didn't want random fans and paparazzi finding them, they'dnat least not list their number), feeling extremely bold, hopingnagainst hope that this would work. It didn't. A girl, who I assumednto be Clarissa Payne, picked up the phone. She sounded too snobby tonbe a housemaid, and too young to be Glynnis Payne, her mother. And itndefinitely wasn't Daphne. \"Dashwood residence, Clarissanspeaking.\" She sounded like she was trying to stay calm andncomposed and sound elegant, like she had been expecting a call fromnsomeone. Well, she was about to be disappointed. \"Hi, this is IannWallace, is Daphne Reynolds there, please?\" I said, trying to soundncasual as though I were just calling a normal house that held annormal girl inside it. Neither of which was true. \"She's not here,\"nClarissa replied, sounding annoyed. Then, picking up her old tone,nshe continued, \"There's no one here by that name, actually.\"nLiar. \"Sorry.\" Pants on fire. I sighed. \"Look, ifnyou do happen to see her, could you tell her that Ian Wallace isntrying to find her?\" Desperately. But it was a stupid thing to ask,nbecause if Daphne really wasn't there, then Clarissa would nevernremember, and the chances of her 'happening' to see her on thenstreet were slim to none. And if she was there (which she obviouslynwas), Clarissa obviously didn't like it, so she would sabotage itnin any way she could. Bit sad, how well I knew the female mind. Ornthe shallow ones, anyway. Daphne, I couldn't quite figure out. \"Absolutely, I will.\"nShe then hung up. I could practically hear her say, \"In yourndreams, commoner.\" I breathed out heavily again, then walked out ofnthe telephone box and back to the hotel, which I had just left on thenjob (again) to come and try to talk to her. No one ever seemed tonmind that I did that a lot. I meant to go to thenmanor later that day, to try and get in and see her myself, but anfire in the kitchen nearly burned the hotel down, and by the time Inwas let off my shift, it was too late to go anywhere. Especiallynhalfway across the city to a mansion. I woke up with onenthing on my mind: find Daphne. I wasn't completely sure why I wasntrying to hard; I mean, she was just a girl, right? (Riiiiight, Ian…nYou tell yourself that.) I rode my bike to thenDashwood Manor, and went up to the gate, staring around. It was anbeautiful place. But I didn't let the place intimidate me or keepnme from my task. A guard came up to me and I said, \"I'm here tonsee Daphne Reynolds.\" In a monotone, henreplied, \"Do you have an appointment, sir?\" Appointment? To comensee a friend? What was this place, anyway? At least henconfirmed that she was here. \"No, but she's a good friend ofnmine.\" \"'Fraid you don'tnget in without an appointment sir.\" This guy wasnimpossible. \"Look, you don' understand, she's a good friend ofnmine, she'll want to see me.\" \"Could you move awaynnow please sir.\" I couldn't believenwhat I was hearing. It wasn't even a question. He was going tonorder me around and treat me like a criminal. \"Wha'?\" \"Could you move awaynnow please sir.\" I didn't even let himnfinish. Backing away, I said coldly, \"Yeah, all right, chill out,nmate, you don't own the place.\" There was nothing elsenI could do except hope that I would see her sometime. And I did. OnnSaturday, in the papers, there was a picture of Daphne in the RoyalnDress Show. Figures, that's the kind of crazy thing she'd do. Thenarticle was about how Henry Dashwood had a daughter with a woman hendivorced, but didn't have much time to spend time with, and was nowndoing so more often (bullshit- something made up so that the Dashwoodnfamily name wouldn't be tainted by a child had out of wedlock). Itnwent on to say how she came from America and disgraced herself bynactually being in the show and falling off the stage. Most of it wasnjournalist-shit, making stuff up to fill in the lines, but it wasnnice to know she was out in society. Maybe I'd see her at thenOrwood twin's coming out party, where me and my band were going tonplay. And it was next week. Not too long to wait, right? Wrong. It felt likenforever. All I could do was think about it, and it never seemed toncome. Finally it did. I was going to use my new song, which she hadnhelped me write. That one line that she thought sounded good stayednthe same. We came early, set up, and once there was a significantnamount of people there, we began to play. I kind of forgot aboutnwatching for Daphne, because I had so much fun playing. We hadnfinished a song, and we getting ready to start another, when I heardna kind of hush fall over the room. It wasn't completely silent, butnthings definitely got quieter. I looked up and saw her. Her dress had some kindnof ugly covering on it. Unsure of what to do, she had the poor mannannounce her whole address, which made me want to laugh, but I didn'tnbecause then the entire room would see. And so would she. I didn'tnreally know which was worse. Then she took off the covering and Instopped chuckling abruptly. She looked beautiful. And I wasn't thenonly one who noticed. She was still something of a celebrity, andnmost people present knew who she was, so she got stares. I noted thatnArmistead Stuart was staring, grinning in a way I did not like. Not that I liked him at all in the first place, but still. As she descended thenstairs, she was attacked by reporters taking pictures. As much as Inwanted to go over there, I couldn't leave. Her father rescued her,nbut after only a few minutes, Armistead started to dance with her.nThe bubble of hot jealousy that was growing in my chest got a littlensmaller when I saw she wasn't really enjoying herself. She seemednto get angry and annoyed at him, and I saw why, with another hotnflash of anger, and then I heard the band start the first chords ofn'Long Time Coming', so I started. Everybody wants to be lovednEvery once in a while I heard her whisper mynname. But there was no time to dwell on that now. Maybe I did have anchance? Pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepl- We all need someone to hold on to Just like a helpless child Can you whisper in my ear Let me know it's all right It's been a long time coming Down this road Andnnow I know what I've been searching for It's been long long highway And now I see Love's been a long time Been a long time Love's been a long time... coming. At some point Armisteadnhad swept her back into dance, but she didn't stop looking at me.nFinally she broke away from his grip, and spent the rest of the songnstaring at me. So she liked me. A lot. YES! I of course, was arelynable to tear my eyes away from her, but knowing she was looking at menmade it easier for me to look at other people in my audience. Song finished, I hoppednoff the stage for a break. We'd been playing for something like annhour now. Walking to the terrace with everyone else, I saw Daphnentalk to the girls who were coming out, who were sitting all alone, innvery apparent misery and loneliness. She was really, really nice, onntop of everything else, which only made me like her more. We all got something tondrink, talking and joking. But I was just biding my time, waiting.nNot too long afterwards, Daphne came out, and she looked around. Inknew what she was trying to find, so I excused myself, put my drinkndown and asked her, \"Looking for me?\" I knew the answer already. \"No, I'm justnlooking for the Lou.\" Funny, Daphne.n\"Outside? On the terrace? Mmhm.\" I cocked my head, motioning for her to follow me. She did. \"All right,nso you caught me.\" Not that she seemed to actually care that I did. \"So let me guess,\"nI said jokingly, \"You're going to disappear again without so muchnas a glass slipper?\" I was wondering why she had disappeared lastnweek, and the question must have showed on my face, for she answerednit with a look of her own. \"No,\" she sat downnbeside me. \"This Cinderella's got a dad now, she's not goingnanywhere.\" So she had been so caught up in everything, she hadnforgotten. That didn't really make me feel bad. Something excitingnhappens, and everything else goes flying from your mind. I knew thenfeeling. We sat in silence for ansecond. \"Your song was really beautiful.\" I smiled at her. Indon't think she knew how much that meant to me. People who I playednfor rarely said anything to me, let alone compliment me. All they didnwas pay me. The only other people who heard me play are fellow bandnmembers (who are all my friends), and a few times, my parents, whonare obligated to say that you did well no matter how much you blewnit. \"Thanks. It's not going to liven up this party, though.\" Instared at the twins, and felt a strange pang in my chest. I wanted tonhelp them, but there wasn't much for me to do. When all was saidnand done, I was just the paid musician. \"Poor girls. I feel sorrynfor them. A dud like this will send them straight back into socialnSiberia.\" \"Well, what do younsay we liven things up a little bit? Get the party started!\" She wanted me to playnsomething really loud and rock 'n' roll type. Not going tonhappen. \"Well, first of all, I could get fired. And second of all,\"nsince I couldn't think of one, \"I could get fired!\" \"C'mon.\" \"No.\" There was nonway she would make me. \"Whimp.\" She playednon male pride. Not gonna work. \"No. No!\" \"For me?\" shenpleaded. Damn. She knew how much I liked her. Plus, she made thencraziest face known to mankind. \"Okay,\" I gave in,ngrinning. \"Let's do it.\" I grabbed her hand andnpulled her up. She went back inside, and I got my friends back onnstage, after telling them that we were going to shake things up.nMajorly. James Brown style. They didn't care. They were so borednthey would have done anything to be interesting. Even if it meant ansmaller paycheck. And less gigs in the future. Maybe some bar wouldnhear about us and want us to come play for them. That would benmuch more interesting than constantly doing quiet parties. I ran up on stage, andnthey got ready. \"Okay guys! One, two, three!\" Faintly, I heard Daphnenyell that she was turning up the base, which was probably the biggestnmistake of them all. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW!! I'm back! Get up offanthat thing, and shaken'till you feel better, Get up offanthat thing, and shake it,nsay it now! Peoplenwere dancing around, even stiff, conservative older people. Peach andnPear were having the time of their life. Get up offanthat thing, and shaken'till you feel better, Get up offanthat thing, and try tonrelease that pressure! Then here was a musicnbreak, and it was so loud that everything was shaking. No one reallynnoticed, because everyone was having so much fun. Finally, thenchandelier fell to the ground and shattered into millions of pieces.nEveryone looked horrified, especially Daphne. It was the base. LordnOrwood began crying over it like he had lost a loved one. Had therenbeen different circumstances, I might have laughed at the absurditynof it all. I mean, it's a chandelier. Daphne took a few stepsnforward, openmouthed. Lord Orwood dramatically pointed an accusingnfinger at her and shouted, \"You!\" Then everyone began mutteringnand whispering. Lord Dashwood came to Daphne's rescue again,npulling her away from the crowd. Everywhere, flashbulbs were goingnoff. The Dashwood party evacuated, after fighting off the paparazzi. Everything sort ofndispersed after that. Lord Orwood came up to me almost immediatelynafter Daphne left, and, too angry for words, shoved an envelope atnme. In it contained the checks for the whole band, for what we hadnplayed. We took that as the signal to pack up and go home. Once we were allnoutside, I handed out people's money. They were going to hang out,nand invited me along. I told them I couldn't. I had something tondo. The second I got home,nI called the Dashwood Manor, and asked for Daphne. This time, she wasngiven to me. \"Hi,\" she saidndully. Tonight must have put a damper on her spirits. \"Hi,\" I replied.n\"It's Ian. I'm picking you up tomorrow at eleven. We're goingnto erase every memory of tonight.\" I could hear the smilenin her voice. \"Okay.\" \"Daphne?\" \"Yeah?\" \"I think the girlsnloved it.\" There was silence for anmoment. Then \"Thanks, Ian. For everything.\" \"I'll see yountomorrow.\" \"Okay.\" We both hung up. I feltnlike I had just donated a million pounds to a charity organization. -- I'm beginning tonlike this story a lot more than I did before. I hope you like thenchanges I make. And have made. There will be more very shortly! -Arnold-[Chapter 3] I'm sorry this took so long… (hangs head) Now chapters REALLY won't be coming out as often, because I have started high school Okay, this is my last bit of constructionnbefore actually starting to write again! I'm really excited! ButnI'm also making this chapter longer, so that's kind of likenmaking a new one, no? I don't own this movie. I don't even ownnthis story. I barely own anything. 'Cept this pair of really cutenCare Bear pants I got at a rummage sale in Wisconsin. -- The next day, elevennon the dot, I drove up to the gate, this time I knew exactly what tonsay. I told the man that yes, I did have an appointment, andnapparently someone had told him that I would be coming for Daphne,nand all I had to do was tell him my name to be let in. This day wasnalready going well. Hopefully, it would only get better. I drove my bike up thendriveway and parked it. When I knocked on the door, in a second itnhad opened to reveal an old butler. \"Hello sir. Mr. Wallace, Inpresume?\" \"Yeah.\" I wasnamazed at how many people needed to where Daphne was going, and whomnshe was going with, just so I could get in. \"Come in, please.\"nHe showed me to a sitting room right off the entrance hall, and thennhe left me there to wait, telling me he'd \"inform Ms. Reynolds ofnmy presence.\" With nothing better to do, I sat down and waited,nstaring at the splendor around me. About thirty seconds after thenbutler had gone, Daphne's father opened the door and looked like henwas about to go out, but stopped dead. Looked like he saw my bike. I cleared my throat.nHe turned. Standing up, I said, \"Hello sir. Ian Wallace. I'm herento pick up Daphne.\" I walked toward him, hand extended. \"Hownd'you do?\" He shook it. \"Hownd'you do.\" He didn't say it as a question. I wonder why peoplensay it if they didn't want the answer? \"Good.\" He seemed veryndistracted. After a moment he looked at me and asked, \"Who arenyou?\" Since I had alreadyntold him my name, I said, \"I'm a musician. I was at the ball lastnnight.\" \"You were in thenband.\" I nodded. Didn'tnmiss a trick, this one. \"And now you andnDaphne are…\" \"Eloping together?nYeah.\" I preyed to God that he had a sense of humor. \"I realizenit's a bit sudden, but after list night,\" I laughed nervously,n\"there really was no turning back.\" He was silent for ansecond, then said, \"You're joking.\" \"Yes, sir.\" I saw him smile beforenDaphne came into the room. My smile only got wider. I grabbed hernhand and she said to her dad, \"Don't wait up, Henry!\" It kindnof went along with the joke I had just made, but I wasn't about tontell her that. We walked outside andnas soon as she saw it, she was exclaiming over my bike. \"Okay,\" Insaid, \"what we need is a little cheering up, right?\" \"Hold the little,\"nshe said, and put on her helmet. \"Just leave it allnto me,\" I replied, and put my own helmet on. In a few seconds wenwere speeding away, Daphne whooping and cheering. Her enthusiasm madenme feel like it was the first time I was driving a motorbike. I hadnto fight to concentrate; all I was thinking about were her handsngrasped around me. Her touch made my heart beat six times faster. We drove to thenoutdoor marketplace and had a blast. Daphne was going to every standnand looking around, buying the occasional thing. As a sort of gift, Inbought her a bunch of cheap bracelets that she liked. I didn't knownwhat made me do it. Just seeing her smile made it worth it. I guessnthat's why I took her out here in the first place. I couldn'tnbear to see her sad. When we had gonenthrough the entire place, we leaned against the railing facing thenshops, me looking exactly the same, and her with a dozen or so newnbracelets and a new skirt she was wearing over her jeans. A strangencombination, but she looked great in it. As always. And she wasnsmiling. I couldn't help but smiling along with her. \"Thanks for mynbracelets.\" Instead of sayingn'You're welcome' like a normal human being, I had to losencontrol of my tongue (it happens so often around her) and say, \"It'snokay.\" God, I wish I could kick myself sometimes. She didn't seemnfazed by my less than normal response. \"Today was really fun. Inneeded it.\" I knew. That was why I did it. I was immensely happynthat it worked. \"Good. I'm gladnyou're enjoying yourself.\" Hopefully it wasn't just because ofnthe shopping, either. Her face changed.n\"From now on I'm going to behave.\" She was going tonchange? I thought she liked herself the way she was. Trying tonimagine her acting perfectly proper made me laugh. \"Behave likenwhat, exactly?\" Casting about for angood way to phrase it she said, \"I don't know…\" She paused,nthen she had it. \"An impeccably brought up young lady. No morenrepeats of last night.\" At least her face hadn't darkened at all.nSo she wasn't depressed or mortally embarrassed by what hadnhappened anymore. I was still giggling,ntrying to see her being straight-backed and graceful. She didn'tnseem too happy by how I was making fun of her. \"Okay, I just chosenyou to help.\" And she began walking away. I cocked an eyebrow. Boy,nwas she in for it. She didn't know just how well I could teach her. I caught up with hernand said, \"Okay. I'll do it.\" That in and of itself surprisednher. I think she was expecting me to put up more of a fight, like Inhad last night. I didn't tell hernwhat we were going to do. We just got on my bike and I drove us outnof the city, to a lake that was far enough away from the smog that itnfelt like the country. Ducks and geese thrived there, and youncouldn't hear the traffic or the rumbling of buses at all. Still keeping my mouthnshut, despite her constant questioning, I rented us a boat and got usnto the middle of the lake. Then, I told her to stand up. \"What?\" she asked,neyebrows going up. \"No way! Ever heard of the rule 'No standingnin boats'? We'll flip over!\" \"That,\" I said,nstanding and rocking the boat a bit, \"is the whole point. Get upnthere.\" I motioned to one of the seats. Cautiously, she climbed up,nshaking the whole thing as she did. I began paddling again. \"Get your balance.\"nIt was a stupid thing to say, because instinct would be forcing hernto do just that. But, you know, she seemed like she needed someninstruction. And encouragement. \"Okay, that's it. Now gently…nslide your foot back.\" She tried (too fast, mind you), and ended upnlosing her balance and rocking the boat. We both had to drop and grabnthe sides to stay on. \"So much for gently!\" I could tell thisnwouldn't come through on its own. So I needed to help a little. \"Hold this,\" Insaid, handing her the paddle, trying to organize my thoughts into anmanner she'd understand. Like my mum showed me when I was younger.n\"You gotta think grace, you gotta think poise.\" I paused,nthinking a little more. It was so hard, trying to teach someonensomething that didn't come naturally and hadn't been drilled intonher since birth. \"You gotta think… balance.\" Obviously. Inrolled my eyes, hoping she had figured that one out by herselfnwithout my help. I stood straight.n\"Observe.\" I swept her my finest, as good as mum had taught me,nas she and I were laughing, when I was a child. I came up, and she wasnvisibly impressed. \"Nice…\" She handed the paddle back to me andnsaid, \"So tell me, Obi-Wan, where did you learn your impressivenskills?\" \"Well, if you reallynwant to know, believe it or not…\" She wasn't going to. \"Mynmother was a deb.\" Surprisingly, she did.n\"Really?\" \"Yeah. Then shenchose to marry beneath her… Her parents probably disowned her…nBut for some reason they took pity on me, their half-breed grandson.nThey paid for me to go to all the right schools, they got me into allnthe right clubs… Until one day I realized the hypocrisy of it all.\"nThere she had it. If I knew her at all, she wouldn't hate me fornit. But this was usually the ultimate test of friendship and loyalty.nIf people could stand to hear what my mother had given up, hownseemingly stupid she was, could see past that into the story behindnit all, how much my parents loved each other, how little they carednfor her parents' approval… those were the people to stick with.nMost people could deal with me being poor, because almost everyone Inknew was the same, barely better, or a little worse. They know hownhard life is and find it hard to understand who would want to livenlike we do. Those kinds of people feel awkward around my mother,nbecause they don't know what to say to a person who used to havenmoney. People who treat her like a normal person and treat us like annormal family are the good ones, as well. \"And your parents?\" I smiled, because shenhad gotten it. She had struck gold. And I couldn't be happier.n\"They're poor as church mice, but they're the happiest people Inknow.\" I had gotten used to taking about my parents in verynmaterialistic terms. I had realized all this and had come to termsnwith it a long time ago. We sat in silence forna few seconds before I remembered why we were here. \"Now enoughnstalling. Get up there, and let me see you perform!\" \"All right, allnright.\" She got up and stood on the seat again. Her little stage. \"Find your center.\"nShe did. \"Good. That's it.\" After a moment's pause, where Inwas sure she had her balance, I said, \"Now…\" For the record, shentried. But she wobbled, and that sent us shaking. I realized we werengoing to fall, and I went over and grabbed her, knowing it wouldn'tnreally do much, but it was an excuse to touch her. And a very goodnexcuse at that. Plus it would keep me from having to save her fromndrowning or anything like that. Hah. Drowning. Wencould both stand up quite comfortably, actually, with the water onlynup to about our waists. We were laughing our heads off, which madengetting back in the boat a bit difficult. Finally I managed, draggingnher in with me. She landed on top of my, but quickly rolled off tonlie next to me. We were so close. All different parts of me werenburning at the places we touched, and our faces were only inchesnapart. \"You know what Instill don't get.\" I didn't voice it as a question, because Inwasn't really expecting an answer. But I wanted to make it known. Indidn't really know why I did it now. Maybe it was because I knewnwhat was coming, so I wanted her to know how I felt about her. Everynmess she got into just made me like her more. \"Why are you tryingnso hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?\" And then I worked upnthe courage, getting closer, and then I did it. I kissed DaphnenReynolds. Something I'd been wanting to do for a few weeks now. Andnwhat half amazed me- but only half- is that she kissed back. And then I realizednhow this must look: two teenagers, snogging in a boat. I pulled away,nonly to have her pull me back. So I surrendered to the bliss for anwhile. Then it ended, but thenfeeling was still in my chest. \"It's getting late,\" I murmured. She nodded, still in anbit of a daze, then sat up abruptly. \"How long have we been out?\" You can't see BignBen from where we were, and I didn't have a watch, so I was justnabout as clueless as she was. I sat up slower that she did. \"Whennwe left to come here I think it was almost four.\" She stopped for ansecond, and then started giggling uncontrollably. \"We've beenngone over five hours. God, I hope no one's worried about me.\" I picked up the paddlenthat had been lying neglected on the bottom of the boat and said,n\"I'll take you back.\" \"Thanks,\" shensaid, giving me her trademark grin, the one that always made me smilenback, this time bigger than ever. -- Hope you like. I definitely do. Now I'm going tonstop being OCD about how good my stories are, and will begin writingnnew chapters shortly. -Arnold-[Chapter 4] Yay Yay! I'm FINALLY updating! For all of you whondon't know, I have done some pretty significant construction to mynlast three chapters, so if you want to go back and read those, be mynguest. However, none of them is really significant to plotnprogression, except for the end of the last chapter, to which I addedna significant amount. So read it! NOW. Let's hear you all say it, because I'mntired of doing it. C'mon. You know what to say. It's a shortnstatement that specifies whether or not the author of this piece hasnany legal right to do so. Which I don't. It's easy, folks!n(elbows some random stranger in the ribs) Random Stranger: Ow! Me: Say it, please. RS: Say what?? Me: (elbows him again) RS: OWIE!! Okay, okay, she doesn't ownnanything that has to do with anything on this site, now and forever! Me: Well, a little more than I wanted, but…nbeggars can't be choosers eh? Roll it! PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP Somehow, we got backnto the shore, returned the boat, and got on my bike. I don't quitenremember how, because all the while I was up on a cloud. For once innmy life, the girl I was crushing on liked me back. Oh, yeah, a bunchnof girls have liked me. But I've never liked them. No, it'snalways the girls who are flat-out against dating me that I fall for.nNot this time. While I was drivingnher home, neither of us said a word, not attempting to talk over thenroar of my bike or the rumbling of traffic around us, because neithernof us felt the need to. I was perfectly happy to do my best tonconcentrate on the road while her hands were gripped around my waist,nand her head was resting on my shoulder. Too soon, we arrivednat the Dashwood manor. I kissed her goodbye, in front of the guardsnand everything, before allowing her to walk inside. When she did, hernfather, face filled with worry began talking with her, and with an'sorry about my dad' look and a small shrug, I took it as my cuento leave. I mouthed 'bye' to her, and then left, shutting thendoor behind me. Since it was Sunday (anday on which I don't work at the hotel, thank God), I drove home,nresisting the urge to call her. I had just seen her. I didn't neednto spend every moment either in her presence or talking to her. Itnwas bad enough that I thought about her constantly. And anyway, shenwas probably talking to her father. But I would call her… just notnright then. Okay, fine, she endednup calling me. But I had a legitimate excuse. Since I haven'tnstarted college yet (I'm going to Oxford on a pretty goodnscholarship- but that's why I have so many jobs. I need to pay fornroom and board and that kind of thing), I'm still living at home.nThis being the case, I still have chores to do. So the entire time Inwas helping my mum, I was debating whether or not I should call.nStupid really, because when all is said and done, Daphne wouldn'tncare if I seemed very dependant and called right after I had justnseen her. She's just not that kind of girl. But I worried anyway,nglad for the distraction, hoping that it would take up more time,nevery second that passed made me seem less obsessed with DaphnenReynolds. I was trying to get mynyounger sister to eat some vegetables when the phone rang. Since mynmum was up to her elbows in dish soap, she yelled for someone to getnthe phone. I was busy (Lilly was being really bratty about her greensnat the moment), so my sixteen year old sister answered the phone,nseeing as all she was doing was reading to our brother before he wentnto sleep, and that could be put off to answer a measly call. Only it wasn't anmeasly call. Chloe (the sixteen year old) handed me the phone andnmouthed, with a sly smirk, 'Who's Daphne?' I just rolled myneyes at her and took the phone, watching as Lilly magically beganneating her broccoli. My sister is so good with kids. \"Hey.\" I heardnDaphne's warm voice over the line. \"Hey.\" I couldn'tnhelp but smiling. Since Chloe was makingnridiculously immature flirty and kissy faces, I took the phone up tonthe room that I (regretfully) shared with her. \"Why didn't youncall?\" she asked. Oh, God. If only she knew. \"Well, I figurednthat you were talking with your dad and…\" I trailed off, a bitnpathetically, with her giggling on the other end. \"And then I gotncaught up in a lot of stuff. My mom needs my help with my siblingsnand everything and… Why am I explaining myself to you?\" Shenwasn't just giggling anymore. I could practically see her sprawlednon her bed, shaking with laughter. 'Cause I could sure hear it.n\"Look, I have a life outside of you, Daphne!\" She managed to stopnlaughing long enough to spit out, \"I was kidding! Why would I carenif you're not calling every second?\" \"You don't,\" Inreplied, grinning my face off again. \"That's what I like aboutnyou. Er, one of the many things, anyway.\" \"Don't, Ian.nYou're making me blush.\" I snorted. She didn'tnseem like the 'blushing maiden' type. There was silence for a fewnmoments, and I decided to break it, partly because I didn't likensilence for too long on the phone, and partly because I was actuallynwondering. \"So, are we datingnnow, or what?\" \"Ian!\" \"What?\" For a few moments, shenseemed to wrestle with the words and the laughter. \"It's just,nyou know… funny that you're asking that so… bluntly. And overnthe phone.\" \"What do you want mento do? Ride over there, throw rocks at your window to get you to comenoutside, then kneel and give you a ring and ask you to be myngirlfriend?\" \"The rocks, maybe.nJust be careful not to break the window. But the kneeling thing…nthat's proposal of marriage . I didn't know you liked me that much…\" \"Whatever, Daphne.nJust answer me.\" \"Oh, aren't wenbossy. Some people think we own the world just because they made outnwith Daphne Reynolds, Henry Dashwood's daughter in a boat.\" \"Well. Aren't younmodest.\" \"The answer is yes,nby the way.\" \"What?\" In thenmidst of our 'argument', I had completely forgotten what we hadnbeen talking about. \"Yes, we arendating.\" I smiled again. \"Good.nThat's what I thought.\" We sat there innsilence again, and I didn't know about her, but I had a big goofynsmile on my face. I heard someone shoutnmy name from downstairs. \"I gotta go, Daph. 'Night.\" \"'Kay. Call me,nwill you?\" she said, teasing in every syllable. \"Yeah, yeah, Inknow.\" \"'Night,\" shensaid, and I would have replied and kept the conversation going allnnight, but she hung up before I got the chance. Just then, Chloenwalked into the room, hauling Matthew, the youngest. \"Here,\" shensaid, thrusting him at me, \"put him to bed. And then,\" she added,n\"we're going to talk about this girl.\" I rolled my eyes atnher, then took Matt to the room that he and Lilly shared. By the timenI had gotten him to lie down and close his eyes, Lilly was in thenroom, climbing into bed after hugging me and grabbing a book. I closed the door tontheir room cautiously, and when I turned I was face to face (er, notnquite, maybe more like her face looked straight at my chest and I wasnlooking down at her hair) with Chloe, who ushered me into our room. \"Sit,\" she said,npointing at my bed. I sat, and she sat on hers, only about three feetnaway. \"Explain,\" she ordered. Since we were reallynclose, I didn't mind telling her, but I was unsure where to start. Noticing my confusednsilence, she prompted me, \"Who is she, first of all?\" \"Well, you knownHenry Dashwood's daughter, who's always in the papers?\" \"Yes.\" \"Well, that's whonshe is. Daphne Reynolds.\" My sister stared atnme, openmouthed. \"What?\" I asked. \"Are you really so surprisednthat my girlfriend's famous?\" She grinned, thennsaid, \"Well, first of all, its amazing that you have a girlfriendnat all. Even more amazing is that you really like her. That innand of itself never seems to happen to you. But the daughter of a mannin the House of Lords, that's… wow.\" She trailed off intonstunned silence before asking, \"How did you manage that ?\" \"Well, I was workingnat the GBGH-\" \"Working?\" shenraised an eyebrow. \"Fine, beingncompletely oblivious to everything around me while working on a song,nonly stopping and paying attention to the world when someone askednsomething of me. Happy?\" She smiled. I went on. \"Anyway, she came upnand we started talking, I showed her around, and Dashwood was on thenTV, and she told me that was her dad. Then she told me that she hadncome here from America looking for her father who she had never knownn(contrary to what the press said).\" Chloe sat there fornanother moment, looking a bit stunned, then said \"Wow\" again.nMore silence. \"And now you're dating?\" \"Well, we saw eachnother last night, and she was pretty down about what happened, withnthe chandelier and all, so I took her out this morning-\" \"And was out fornfive and a half hours! You must like her, to spend so much time withnher.\" \"Thing is, I reallyndo.\" All joking gone, shensmiled. \"I'm really happy for you, Ian. I know things haven'tnworked out for you in the romance department, and I'm so glad thisngirl came along, whoever she is. Anyone who can make you smile likenthat is someone I like.\" I smiled back.n\"Thanks, Chlo.\" PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP Well, I hoped you enjoyed that. What I'mnreally trying to do is get out of the movie a little and just seeninto his daily life, because that's the whole point. Getting intonhis head. The reason he shares with his sister is that henhas to share with somebody, and sharing with someone ten yearsnyounger than you doesn't quite work out. However, someone who isntwo years younger works out a little better, even if that someone isna girl. But there's a bigger reason, which will be revealed in anlater chapter. I hope you review now, because it would benreally nice! -Arnold-[Chapter 5] So I'm sitting here at my computer, all ready to update, when I realize something: most normal people have some kind of update So I'm sitting here at my computer, all ready tonupdate, when I realize something: most normal people have some kindnof update schedule, right? So… why don't I? If I know that it maynnot get done otherwise, and stories (like this one, for all of younwho have stuck with me from the beginning) are left to rot. Andnwither in the author's mind. And that's just NOT okay. So now Inam setting a time for this story: I will do my absolute best tonupdate this story at best, as fast as I can type the chapters, but atnworst, once a month. I know that's a long time, but take a look atnthe time difference between the third and fourth chapters. It's anwhole lot longer than a month. So if I set a specific time fornmyself, a deadline, as it were, I force myself to update. This isngood training for my (hopefully) future career, which willn(hopefully) include writing. And deadlines. Well, maybe notndeadlines, but writing, definitely. Wow, I talk a lot. Now I know you guys have been sitting nicelynfor a while, waiting for me to update. Or maybe you have betternthings to do with your time than just sit at your computer, loggedninto your email, waiting for a story alert to pop up on your screennbecause you have no friends. Because I am sure that this is not thencase. If it is, well… you know where to find me. But right now, I'mngoing to set aside my worries about the people without social skills,nand get on with the chapter. Photographer (taking pictures of Arnold asnshe's modeling for the camera): You're cute! You're fluffy! Ownnit! Arnold (flashing cute smile and fluffing fluffynfur): Okay! (looking directly into random video camera) But I don'tnown this movie, no matter how many pygmy puff eyes I make at WarnernBrothers! (makes pygmy puff eyes) Crowd of Admirers: Awwwwww… PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP \"Would you look atnthat.\" \"What?\" I asked.nThe girl next to me was staring at something behind me as I wasntaking off my helmet. \" That ,\" shenreplied, pointing at the river. I turned around to follow her fingernand saw one of the racing teams practicing, warming up their musclesnmy rowing through the water as a group. \"They're using just theirnarms to pull themselves and a boat through the water, and at such a speed , and perfectly synchronized…\" She trailed off, awed. Since I had seen manynsuch a race, and many rowing teams of the like, I was unimpressed,nbut I laughed at her enjoyment, and it allowed me to see the racenthrough new eyes. It was pretty amazing, how they could do allnthat at the same time. \"Watch her,\" Intold Alex, one of the lads from my band. \"Make sure her eyes don'tnfall out.\" He grinned, and thengirl elbowed me as I put my helmet down and looked around. People were runningnamong the tables set out for those who'd be watching the race,nputting last minute things into place everywhere. Since I was anvalet, I wasn't needed until a few minutes before the people wouldnstart arriving. I collected mynbrightly colored vest and walkie-talkie from someone in charge, andnsettled down to wait until I was needed. I stood on the drive,nchatting with the other people whose sole purpose was to park cars. Inwas talking to Alex again when a car rolled to a stop a few feet fromnus, and Lord Dashwood came out of it. This was what I'd beennwaiting for. I excused myself tonAlex and went over to the car, greeting Lord Henry Dashwood with ancheery, \"Hello, sir.\" He looked onlynslightly surprised to see me there. \"Ian,\" He must have been morenstartled, but he masked it well. He didn't know I had aboutnthree different part time jobs, and scrabbled for any other I couldnget for my free time. \"I had no idea you were so… versatile.\" I would have saidnsomething else (because I really did want to get to know the mannbetter), but duty must have been calling, because his soon to benfather-in-law rushed him away, murmuring about 'lots to do'. Injust shrugged it off and waited for the person I was really hoping tonsee to get out of the car. When she did, shenlooked surprised to see me, and didn't try to hide it like her dadndid. \"Hey!\" Only Daphne could make a single syllable greetingnsound like the most beautiful song in the world. Every time she saidnit, it sounded different. \"What are you doing here?\" Just seeing her madenme smile. \"Well, you know, just another one of my glamorous jobs.\"nThe smile dropped as I looked her over. \"You look beautiful.\" She smiled andnreplied, \"Thanks.\" The moment of tenderness lasted a littlenlonger until we started joking again. \"I have to be on my bestnbehavior.\" \"You'd better be,\"nI advised her, looking around and spotting swarms of the press.n\"There's even more reporters here than usual.\" \"Yeah. They'renjust waiting to see what crazy thing I'll do next.\" \"You mean like…\"nI raised my eyebrows, idea forming. Let's see how averse she is to,nwhat Americans so vulgarly call them, PDAs. \"Kissing a guy whonparks cars?\" She just smiled atnthat, giving her silent agreement. I leaned in. I would have done it. She would have done it. Well I guess it's me that's morensurprising. I'm normally not like this. Just look what she makes mendo… Stupid ArmisteadnStewart had to come and ruin it. He sounded rushed, like he had seennwhat was going on and wanted to stop it immediately. \"Uh, Daphne,\"nhe began, trying to regain his composure, \"the press want a photonof you and your father.\" \"Thanks,\" shensaid, without really meaning it. \"I'll find him.\" She made anface that was a cross between apology and 'maybe later', alongnwith a shrug. Armistead was smiling at her like the pug-faced prat henis, but she was only looking at me, and all I said was, \"See you.\"nI was really quite disappointed. But the disappointment turned tonanger once Armistead started talking to me. \"Stay away from her,npeasant. She's out of your league.\" There were so manynthings I wanted to say to him. Go to hell, you git… If I'm a milenaway from her 'league', you're halfway across the world fromnher… but I settled for, \"What's the matter, Army?\" I said,nvoice taunting and dripping with venom, using the name that I hadnused with him when we had been friends, a long time ago, before wordnleaked out that I was a half-breed. After that, Armistead wasnforbidden to play with me, and he had gotten this ridiculous ideanthat he was better than me, despite my being able to best him atnalmost everything. That was what school had been like. Endlessncompetition. \"Thought competition ended in lower school.\" Backnwhen we were less mature. I had actually hoped he had grown out ofnthe stupidity. But if he was going to hate me, I could resume thencontest right where we had left it, matching his loathing. Since itnwas quite obvious that Daphne liked me and not him, I tauntednhim with a question. \"Are you afraid she might prefer musicians tonCambridge boys?\" That was obvious, since he wouldn't havenapproached me unless he felt like I was a real threat. Wow. We sound likenanimals. His smile shocked me anlittle, as did his answer. \"No. Breeding always wins out in thenend.\" Then he walked away. I had expected him tonget defensive. He had always had a temper when we were younger, innschool together. Seeing him perfectly calm and coming up with anseemingly stinging answer bothered me more than the slur on mynparents did. I didn't really worry about him and Daphne, because ifnhe made a move on her, she could take care of herself. But if I evernhad to do verbal combat with him again, I'd need to remember thisnchange in him. After being distractednfor long minutes, I took the car and parked it, after giving thendriver the number. When I got back to thengravel drive, I searched the crowd for Daphne. I found her on one of the small woodenndocks, pointing her binoculars right at me, obviously with the same idea. Take that ,nArmy, I thought maliciously, and waved to her around mynwalkie-talkie. I saw the git with her,ntalking to her. She seemed quite annoyed about it… until that. Hernback was to me, but she was getting closer and closer. I watched withnfascination and slight horror. She had looked pretty irritated twonseconds before, so this was probably a show, but… I couldn't help butnthink of Armistead's words. What if she would choose anpurebred over a mutt? Just then, she shovednhim off the dock and into the water. Bits of what she said drifternover to me, because she had screamed it so loudly. \"…arrogantnjerk.. how dare you… twice the man you'll ever be!\" The last part made mengrin. She was talking about me. Okay, so it was stupid of me tonworry. I knew Daphne better than Armistead did. I should have hadnmore faith in her. The next thing I knew,nLord Dashwood was yelling and me to give me the keys to my bike. Henand Daphne needed an escape, and my bike had been either the firstnthing he saw, or the first thing that had popped into his mind. Why did I have to be so flashy all the time? To get a motorbike in thenfirst place made you stand out, and then to get it in bright orange … I threw him the keys,nand he and Daphne grabbed the helmets, got themselves on it, and went , reporters diving out of the way. Once again, I wasnjealous that her father was the one to rescue her, as he had at thenball. Oh, well. He's hernfather. He should have been there to help her when she was a kid.nSince he hadn't been, he deserved to have his chance to help hernout now that he actually knew she was there. And he needed to escapenas well, and three people can't fit on that bike. Resigned, I triednto figure out a way I'd be able to get home. PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP Hope you liked! I did this all in one sitting…nI'm so proud of myself! So the clock is ticking… one month! Andnby then, school will have started, so I don't want to do that …nSo it will be soon, very soon. But if it's not up by September 12,nat 1:32 AM, you all can yell at me. I give permission. Review! -Arnold-[Chapter 6] I have been doing terribly with the whole updatingnthing. And I am sorry. I'm working on it. Really I am. Disclaimer: Help! I've run out of funnynthings to say about not owning this movie! PPP I managed to get anride home with Alex. He also had a bike- though he had gotten it fromnhis dad, and it had seen better days. He hadn't worked hisnass off working for three years to pay for it! Okay, rant over. It was a littlenawkward riding with another guy, what with me having to hold on forndear life and all, but we laughed it off, and the trip wasn't long. The second I walkedninto my house, I tried calling Daphne. To my surprise, the butlernpicked up. No one was home yet, even Daphne and her father. Strange.nThey had left hours before the race had ended and everyone had gonenhome. We may have traveled faster than the fancy-schmancy,ngas-guzzling car of the Dashwoods', but there was no reason that myngirlfriend and her father shouldn't be home. Since I didn't havenmy bike, I couldn't go to work, so I was resigned to helping mynmother for the rest of the day, frequently calling the Dashwoodnresidence to see if Daphne had gotten home. After a few hours, Ingave up, assuming that Daphne would call me when she got home, and ifnnot, I'd call her tomorrow. My mother, who had already fished thenstory out of me, used me mercilessly, since Chloe and Dad were bothnout working. Mum had stopped working ever since she'd had Lilly,nwhen me and Chloe both decided it was high time we would help withnthe bills: Chloe started babysitting and I started working at thenhotel. I hadn't been old enough for a work permit at the time, butnGBGH had needed help so badly that they had hired on anthirteen-year-old. Legally, Chloe was too young to babysit at eleven,nbut she was mature enough that the problem of her age never came up. It was edging nearernand nearer to five o'clock, and I was entertaining Matt and Lillynwith the much-loved tale of Sleeping Beauty. It had enough action tonengross Matt, while at the same time, was girly enough for Lilly. I was even having fun, using this ridiculously high-pitched voice fornall the women, and the really deep, manly-sounding voice for all ofnthe men, with variations for each character, my little siblings,nlaughing, trying to imitate me. I didn't her thenknock at the door, because of my special (and quite loud) evil voicenfor the wicked witch. However, there must have been one, possiblyneven a doorbell, because the next thing I know, right in the middlenof Prince Charming's manly-man sentence, I hear a voice behind mengoing, \"Wow, Ian, if only you sounded like that in real life.\" Startled, andnbeginning to feel warm, I twisted around in my position seated on thenfloor. There, looking slightly windblown, was Daphne. Immediately thenheat in my face subsided, and I grinned. \"Hey.\" There was a tug on mynsleeve. \"Ian?\" Lilly asked quietly, plainly shy and timid aroundnthis stranger their brother seemed to know so well. \"Sorry, Lils,\" Insaid. \"Guys, this is Daphne. Daphne, these two are Lilly andnMatthew, my siblings.\" \"Hey,\" she said,nwaving and dropping into a crouch, then sitting down. \"You guysnlike Sleeping Beauty?\" Matt didn't donanything, but Lilly, the bolder of the two, nodded. Gainingnconfidence at Daphne sweet smile, she continued. \"My favorite partnis when the prince and Aurora are dancing in the clouds.\" \"Really? How aboutnyou?\" She turned on Matt. I was about to warnnher about how shy my three-year-old brother was, when Matt piped up,n\"I like the part where he sticks the dragon with his sword.\" \"That's a greatnpart, too.\" Lilly, smiling atnDaphne's smile and air of easygoing-ness, asked, \"What'snyours?\" \"Mine?\" shenactually thought for a second. \"My favorite part has to be when thenprince kisses Aurora and she wakes up because he's her true love.\"nShe glanced sideways at me and my heart sped up. Lilly sighed. Even atnfive, she was a romantic. Chloe's going to have fun with her whennshe gets older. In that moment, Chloenstuck her head in, carrying bags of groceries in both arms. \"HeynIan, could you-\" She stopped when shensaw Daphne sitting on the floor next to me, and Sleeping Beauty open to page twelve. A sly smile appeared on her face as she said,n\"Never mind,\" and strolled to the kitchen with her burdens. \"That's Chloe.nShe's also really good at telling stories,\" Matt put in. I had been momentarilynstunned at how easily the kids took to her, but was jolted back tonEarth when Lilly reached over and tugged my arm. \"C'mon, Ian,nfinish the story! We haven't gotten to the best part yet!\" Mattnwhined his agreement. Chloe walked in justnas I was miming stabbing the dragon through its heart, using Lilly asnmy 'dragon'. Both of my siblings were extremely exited, Mattnbecause this was the awesome part, and Lilly because she wasnanticipating the 'happily ever after.' Chlo settled down next tonLilly, who had graciously pretended to die after I stabbed her. Once I'd finishednthe story with my usual 'happily ever after' quirk, Chloenpromptly disappeared under a pile of siblings. Laughing, Daphne and Inretreated to the hall. \"So, why show upnhere unannounced?\" I asked her. \"Well, you know, Inthought you might want to have your bike back before you had to getnto work tomorrow.\" \"Is your dad here?\" Grinning, she shooknher head. \"You drove itnyourself?!?\" \"Yeah! It was anlittle shaky at first, but I did it! I wanted to see you withoutnparental supervision-\" Thinking about mum in the next room, hummingnalong with the radio while cooking, I snorted- \"and I wanted to seenwhere you lived. This gave me the perfect excuse.\" \"I'm glad you neednan excuse to come see me.\" \"Sometimes I do.nIt's hard to get out of the house, sometimes.\" I had been joking, butnshe'd given me a serious answer. It caught me slightly off guard. There was silence forna few minutes, until my mom called, \"Matt! Lilly! Dinnertime!\"nTwo blurs flew past us, then Chloe came out into the hall, slightlynbreathless. \"Those kids can keepngoing forever,\" she commented, straightening her shirt. \"Hi, I'mnChloe, this one's sixteen year old sister.\" She cocked her headnat me. \"Hey, I'm Daphne.\" Chloe smiled. \"Inknow.\" Daphne raised anneyebrow at me. \"As a sister, I make it my business to knowneverything about my brother's life,\" Chloe explained. \"And it makes it anwhole lot easier if said sister happens to pick up the phone whennsaid brother's girlfriend is on. And then pesters said brothernabout his girlfriend.\" I began to lead the way upstairs. Catching up to me,nChloe said, \"But you love me, and you always want to tell menthings, right, Ian?\" I rolled my eyes asnDaphne said, \"You talk about me? That's so cute!\" I had half anmind to shove both girls down the stairs. Instead, I ran ahead ofnthem and locked them out of mine and Chloe's room. There werenslightly muffled protests and quite loud thumps on the door as theyndemanded entry. \"Ian, this is mynroom, too!\" \"How could you donthis to us?\" \"I'm gonna tellnmom on you!\" There was silence forna second, then Daphne said, \"I'm going to dump you if you don'tnlet us in!\" Not wanting to risknit, I did as I was told. Catching Daphne before she could walk pastnme, I said, \"You wouldn't.\" She pushed me away,nfighting to keep her face straight. \"Oh, yes I would.\" Shenstalked past me with her nose in the air and settled next to Chloe,nwho was congratulating herself on a job well done, telling Daphnenthat she knew it would work. \"He's very needy,nyou know,\" she said. \"Would do anything for you if you said you'dnbreak up with him if he didn't.\" Daphne glanced at me. It allnbecame too much, for both of us. We collapsed into laughter. PPP After about an hour,nmom seemed as though she were about to ask if Daphne wanted to staynfor dinner. I hustled her out of there, knowing that she'd probablynbe needing to get back, knowing that if she stayed for dinner she'dnnever get home before midnight. As we stood on herndriveway, she asked, \"How'd you get to be so close with yournsister?\" \"Chlo? Well, fornabout ten years, it was just the two of us. It never occurred to usnto fight or hate each other. We did almost everything together. WhennLilly came along, we decided that she'd have her own room and thatnwe'd share. She taught me everything I know about girls, and Intaught her everything she knows about boys.\" She took a step closernto me. \"So the reason we're dating is because of your sixteennyear old sister?\" \"Sort of, yeah.\" \"Well, thank God fornyour sister.\" When we kissed, I realized distantly that I'd nevernbe able to just kiss her quickly like it meant nothing. Not if I'dnalways feel like this. When we finally brokenapart, she said, \"Goodnight,\" and left me standing on the drivenwith this big goofy grin on my face. It took the sound of the frontndoor closing to break me from my trance, get on my bike, and go home. PPP I hope you all liked this! This is another onenof my completely made up ones, and I'm pretty proud of myself. Inalways wondered how Ian got his motorcycle back. The next few chapters are going to be mainly outnof my own head, because it kind of flashes through the next few weeksnor so, after Daphne's 'transformation'. So be prepared. Please review! -Arnold-[Chapter 7] Hey everyone. I feel like I say this every time, but… I'm sorry I haven't updated in a while. Hopefully I'll get back on track now the driver's ed is over (!!!!!!!). Now, some of you may recall where we left off. The next scene in the movie concerning Ian is one that broke many hearts: the breakup. So here it is, fleshed out in all its dramatic glory: Chapter number seven! PPP The next couple of weeks were a blissful blur of work, family, and Daphne. Somehow, all of them got crushed into every day of the week, and I was tired, but happy. I was riding the ultimate high: I had a girlfriend I loved, a family that rocked, and I had almost finished saving for college. The band got a gig from none other than my girlfriend for her coming out party. It was all too good; I should have known that it wouldn't last. We were coming back from a concert, still bobbing our heads to the music inside of them and singing the words a little off key- in other words, we were still having a blast. People who had seen us riding on my bike must've thought we were crazy, but we were okay with that. They were so used to the two of us on my bike that I barely ever needed to slow down before the gates would open. Still laughing, we cruised up the drive and got off. \"I'm picking you up on Tuesday at eleven, got it?\" I asked. She rolled her eyes, then closed them, as if reciting from memory. \"Strokes concert, eleven. Got it.\" She opened her eyes and grinned at me. \"I'm going to have to go almost a full week without seeing you.\" I kissed her. \"You'll survive.\" \"And if I don't,\" she continued dramatically, \"my only wish is that you haul my carcass to hear the dulcet tones of the Strokes one last time.\" Snorting, I said, \"Dulcet tones? And with the whole 'carcass' thing, you don't make this final date sound very romantic.\" \"It's not supposed to be romantic!\" She made a face. \"Well, maybe, but a depressing kind of romantic, what with you sobbing over my lifeless form and all.\" \"I've never been one to sob.\" After kissing her, I added, \"So try to stay alive.\" \"I will. Just call me, or I might not make it.\" I shook my head at her retreating form. \"Good night, Daph.\" She turned to flash one more grin at me. \"'Night, Ian!\" That was the last time I saw her. Before there's any panic, no, she didn't die like she said she would. But after that, she was no longer herself. When I called her the next night, she sounded funny. Distant, more reserved. She also quickly made an excuse to get off the phone quickly. At first, I didn't think much of it. Then it happened every following night. I noticed that in the papers, she wasn't smiling either; she looked unhappy, while her father climbed in the polls. On Tuesday, I decided to act normally, and ask her about it sometime during the day. At least, that was the plan, until she walked into the room wearing clothes that would definitely be out of place at a concert. She also looked genuinely surprised to see me. I cocked an eyebrow. \"You're not wearing that to the Strokes concert, are you?\" Her face fell. \"Oh, my God, I totally forgot.\" I exhaled in an 'aw, damn' sort of way. \"Things have been so hectic.\" \"That's okay,\" I replied, trying to make my voice sound like it really was. \"I'll wait for you to get changed.\" \"I can't go,\" she said, almost like it was obvious. My brow crinkled in confusion. \"We're going to the Queen's garden party.\" I stood there, dumbfounded, for a second. \"Yeah, but-\" \"I'm sorry.\" She sounded like she meant it. A sort of cold washed over me. I couldn't help but think that the real Daphne would have at least told me. Or would have even blown off the Queen, as important as she was, because I was more important that some political figure who she barely knew. I couldn't keep the hurt and anger out of my eyes when I said, \"Cool. Just… call me when Daphne re-inhabits your body.\" Then, ignoring the hurt look on her face, I left her. I got on my bike and drove away before she could come after me, if she even wanted to. Okay, so it was a little low. But it was the whole week of her acting weird coming to a head. The Daphne I knew didn't wear pink ladylike suits with matching ladylike hats and heels, as the Daphne before me had. Maybe she'd decided to 'clean up' her act completely, but in doing so, she forgot to get rid of the half-breed she was dating. That was the only thing that still made her the oddball Daphne. I'd taken care of that for her, but that didn't make it sting any less. It probably made it hurt worse. When I got home, I rushed to my room without greeting anyone. Chloe was reading Sleeping Beauty , which hurt too much to listen to now. I heard her pause as I rushed past the sitting room. I slammed the door shut and pounded my fist against it in the sheer unfairness of it all. Why did these things always happen to me ??? I turned around and slid slowly down the door till I was sitting on the ground, and buried my face in my hands, nearly crying. My own voice sounded in my head: I've never been one to sob. So try to stay alive. She hadn't, Daphne had died in between our meetings, but I couldn't even drag her dead body to the concert. All I could do was bawl over it. There was a knock at the door, and Chloe's voice floated through it. \"Ian?\" I didn't answer her. Why couldn't she ever leave me to wallow alone ? She didn't ask again. I was jostled as my damned strong sister shoved at the door upon which I was leaning. She shoved again, and the door behind me opened a few inches. Knowing she wouldn't give up until she was in, I decided to make it easier for her. I got up and crossed to room to sit on my bed and put my head in my hands again. Chloe came in, but didn't sit down on her own bed like she normally did. \"Did she break up with you?\" Without lifting my head, I replied, \"No.\" \"Then what happened?\" I was worrying her- I could hear it in her voice. \"I broke up with her.\" \"Ian!\" I heard her walk to her bed and sit. \"Why?\" The shock was now gone from her voice, and it had a much softer tone, more inviting. I was able to look up at her, but my face must have alarmed her even more. \"She wasn't Daphne. She came down in this pink suit, and said that she'd forgotten about the concert. She'd been so excited when I'd gotten the tickets… I could barely believe it. Then she said she couldn't go, because they were going to the Queen's garden party.\" I spat those words like they were poison. \"So I left.\" \"Oh, Ian.\" She came over to my bed and sat next to me. \"She'll come around.\" \"You didn't see her.\" I sat up a little straighter and turned to face my sister. \"Last week, we were talking about how she'd die if she went a week without seeing me.\" I slumped again. \"Talk about self-fulfilling prophecies.\" \"Ian!\" That one held reprimand more than anything else. \"She's not dead. She just needs to… wake up. You'll see.\" \"Like in Sleeping Beauty ? Where I'm Prince Charming and I come to wake her up with true love's kiss?\" Chlo made a face. \"You make it sound so corny. I like that story.\" Despite myself, one of the corners of my mouth crept up a fraction. We sat in silence for a few moments before my sister said, \"You must have done something really bad in a past life, because this sort of thing always happens to you. Did you break a mirror recently? Kill anyone before I was born?\" I smiled a little bigger and shook my head. \"Well, then, I'm sure it'll work out. God owes you one.\" I wished I could believe her. But she didn't let me wallow anymore. I guess I was happy that she never left me alone. Bearing this by myself would just suck. \"So would it be really not funny if I grabbed the tickets and ran?\" I smiled again, but not the usual one I'd have given her at another time. \"Yes.\" \"Well, then,\" she stood. \"I'm going to finish my story. You can join us, if you want.\" After she left the room, I stood and followed. Might as well listen to someone else's happy ending, even if I couldn't get one of my own. I spent the next few weeks dreading Daphne's coming out ball. Yet the date loomed, and the band had to prepare. I tried to act as if it were some random girl we were going to be playing for, which worked to a certain extent, until I had to talk to Lord Dashwood. I'd wanted somebody else to do it. But, being the band leader, Alex made me call. To my surprise, it wasn't so terrible. The conversation was short, with no talk beyond business. I think, as fathers go, Daphne's was a bit more observant than most. He didn't even ask if I wanted to talk to Daphne, which would have made it more awkward than it already was. We worked hard, practicing to get everything just right, because this was also our chance to redeem ourselves after the small disaster at the Orwood's. Then, all too soon, the day came. Chloe wished me the usual luck as I left, but in her eyes, there was more to the luck than simply playing well. I rolled my eyes as I thought, Prince Charming , but then my stomach twisted in knots and I could joke no more. We got there and set up in record time, probably because they could all feel the tension emanating from me. They all knew the situation, and the fact that I was uncomfortable. We also had a while to wait, under our instructions not to begin playing until Daphne arrived. And arrive she did. The huge glass doors at the top of the grand staircase opened, and she stepped out in all her beauty. Every pair of eyes in the room followed her decent down the staircase. Her father met her. Neither of their faces held the emotion expected at a joyous occasion such as this. Lord Dashwood was never someone to display emotion very much, but Daphne was. And there was nothing there. As instructed, the band struck up a simple tune, and I sang, \" Just the way you look tonight. \" I did my best not to look at her too much, but that became unavoidable when she came over to me and said, \"Hey.\" The greeting that was usually a melody that rose in happiness went down, not the usual tune. Still a tune, but a sad one. I responded with a monotonous, \"Hey.\" And I was apparently the singer of the two of us. \"Can we talk for a sec?\" Her voice went up hopefully. I almost couldn't bear it. But I didn't want to talk to her. This wasn't the lively, vivacious girl that I loved, and I knew whatever she had to say to me wouldn't be satisfactory. \"It's your party; you can do whatever you want.\" There was no way she could miss the scorn in my voice. \"Ian…\" she said, pleading, \"I really didn't-\" \"I don't want to hear about it Daph. What happened to the old you? The real you?\" I waited for her to wake up, like Chlo said she would. She didn't. She just looked hurt. I turned away from her, just so I wouldn't have to look at her. \"Okay lads, let's, uh, let's pick up the tempo.\" Anything to distract me. They all looked back at me with sympathy in their eyes. I realized I couldn't look at that, either. A few minutes later, Lord Dashwood led a blonde woman who looked a bit familiar onto the floor. Daphne's mother , I realized, as I started another of my songs. Thank you for this moment I've gotta say how beautiful you are Of all the hopes and dreams I could have prayed for Here you are If I could have one dance forever I would take you by the hand Singing it hurt a bit. But instead of focusing on something that would just make me mess up, I focused on Daphne's parents. Tonight it's you and I together I'm so glad I'm your man They were interesting, but I couldn't keep my mind off of the lyrics. I had written this song for Daphne. And if I lived a thousand years You know I never could explain The way I lost my heart to you That day That day I'd been ridiculous, falling for a girl I barely knew. And after that, I forced my mind to stay blank for the rest of the song. I don't think it cooperated very well. But if destiny decided I should look the other way Then the world would never know The greatest story ever told And did I tell you that I love you Tonight? I don't hear the music When I'm looking in your eyes But I feel the rhythm of your body Close to mine It's the way we touch, it soothes me It's the way we'll always be Your kiss, your pretty smile You know I'd die for Oh baby You're all I need And if I lived a thousand years You know I never could explain The way I lost my heart to you That day But if destiny decided I should look the other way Then the world would never know The greatest story ever told And did I tell you that I love you Just how much I really need you Did I tell you that I love you Tonight Tonight And if I lived a thousand years You know I never could explain The way I lost my heart to you That day But if destiny decided I should look the other way Then the world would never know The greatest story ever told And did I tell you that I love you Just how much I really need you Did I tell you that I love you tonight? Somehow, I'd never gotten around to telling her that I loved her. And now I never would. The world will never know… I heaved a sigh before I realized someone was speaking to me. Lord Dashwood's fiancé, requesting the father-daughter dance. This would be especially painful. I sucked it up and made my face as pleasant as I could. \"And now, the traditional father-daughter dance. Lord Dashwood?\" I saw him, then began singing, never thinking that something could go wrong. But when I accidentally looked at Lord Dashwood, he was dancing with a blonde. Clarissa. What happened to Daphne? With her mother nowhere in sight, I began to worry. But I kept singing. I was probably not the first to notice the re-entry of the Reynolds into the room, but I think I was the first to notice the look on Daphne's face when she saw her father dancing with Clarissa. The real Daphne was back. I didn't know how I could tell- why was the look of hurt on her face any different than the looks of hurt that I had created? But it was there. Her dream to dance with her father, being shattered into a million pieces, right before her very eyes. Yes, the hurt was there, but there was anger, too, and shock. I stopped singing immediately, catching people off guard, and everyone turned to see what the problem was. A beat after me, the music ended, too. Her face never changing, Daphne walked over to the father-daughter couple. \"What are you doing?\" Clarissa asked. What a prick. Like she didn't have every right to kill her just then. \"Finally giving you what you deserve.\" Someone who didn't know Daphne as well as I might have thought that she would punch her. But even the real Daphne had more class than that. She took the tiara off of her head. It looked old and precious, but I didn't know the real meaning behind it, having stopped talking to Daphne before she could tell me. \"Go ahead,\" she said, extending it towards her stepsister. Clarissa took it. \"I don't want it,\" she told her, voice filled with tears. Looking significantly at her father, she emphasized, \" Any of it.\" Had she looked at me with the same anger, I'd have known that she didn't want me, either. But she didn't. She didn't look at me at all. She rushed out of the room, her mother on her heels after throwing a significant look at her ex. Lord Dashwood stood for a moment, stunned, then ran after the two of them. He must not have been successful in persuading them to stay, for he returned alone when the Queen arrived. I'd have gone. To hell with the Queen and appearances. I would have followed her until the end of the world, or until she turned around. Whichever came first. I wouldn't have given up just because of my duty. Didn't Dashwood have any regard for his feelings at all? I was only staying because it would've hurt other people, had I left. None of the lads were so rich that I could bail out on them and limit their paychecks. They might have understood, but I didn't want to do that to them. And truth to tell, I was still in a bit of shock. Seeing the shiny, hard, new Daphne transform back into the slightly frayed Daphne I loved in the space of a second was disorienting. But it was still hard to remain where I was. Even though the debutante was missing, the party dragged on. When it ended, I couldn't pack up fast enough. It was light out by the time I got home, and when I called the Dashwood manor, there was no Daphne. She was already gone. I swore quietly. They were gone. Daphne hadn't brought her cell phone, which wouldn't have worked overseas anyway, so I didn't have that number, and long-distance calls were expensive. My Cinderella had gotten away. I began banging my head against the wall. PPP And that, my ducks, is where I leave you. Again, I apologize profusely for the wait. Review and I might remember to write it faster. (waggles eyebrows) And if you guys don't like me including all the lyrics to everything, please say so. There are no more songs, but I could cut out the lyrics. Next: That really depressing period of time in the movie that takes up about two minutes with the song 'Half Life' playing in the background. Only I'm fleshing it out a little more.[Chapter 8] Hello again. I actually started typing thisnchapter right after I posted the last one. Maybe I'm gettingnbetter. I don't own anything, though this is one ofnthe few chapters where I'm actually going to have my own materialnshow up. I love those, don't you? PPP Chlo came down thenstairs while I was still trying to give myself a concussion. When shenpulled me away from the wall, I saw her eyes were red-rimmed. She hadnprobably stayed up late last night and woken up early this morning tonsee me before anybody else in this family could overwhelm me. Fromnfar away, I could vaguely feel touched by the actions of my sister. \"What happened?\"nshe asked, voice soft as she guided me to the kitchen and we sat downnat the table. \"Well, she woke up.nBut I wasn't the one to do it.\" Chloe let out anbreath, but didn't say anything. I couldn't bear the silence- itnleft too much room for thought. I continued. \"I'm not reallynsure what happened, but she wasn't there for her father-daughterndance. And that's all she ever dreamed of, since she was little. Tondance with her father at her wedding.\" I swallowed, then went on.n\"Granted, it wasn't her wedding, but I couldn't see her missingnit for the world. Clarissa danced with Lord Dashwood instead. Andnthen she was there, at the back of the room, and Chlo, the look onnher face… I knew it then. Then she left, and I couldn't follownher. Lord Dashwood tried to make them come back, but… he couldn't.nHe came back for the Queen . His own daughter. I wouldnhave kept going.\" \"Lord Dashwood is andifferent man than you are, Ian.\" She didn't say it scornfully,nas I would have wished her to. I wanted her to hate him as much as Indid in that moment, but she wouldn't. Darned girl was toonunderstanding. \"You said 'them',\"nChloe stated, though I knew it was a question. \"Her mother wasnthere.\" Chloe raised anneyebrow. I came out of my gloom for a second to ask her what was sonamusing. \"I'm getting a bitnof a 'Parent Trap' vibe, here,\" she replied, smirking. I justnrolled my eyes, but then my thoughts went back to Daphne, oceansnaway. My face must havenshown my thoughts, because Chloe sighed again and said, \"I knownthis seems like the end of the world to you, but things will work out. I can feel it.\" I had stopped countingnthe number of times she'd said that to me. \"It never has, Chlo,\"nI said gloomily. \"What makes this time any different from any otherntime that you've ever said that to me?\" \"Because,\" shensaid, \"this time, you're not just pining after a girl who thoughtnshe was too good for you. You two really like each other, and you fit. I think it's too perfect for higher powers to ignore.\"nI rolled my eyes again. Chloe invoked the higher powers much toonoften. \"And if it doesn'tnwork out?\" \"You've gottennyourself into holes, really deep ones, but you've alwaysnbeen able to dig yourself out.\" I didn't answer hernfor a long time. I traced patterns in the dark wood of the table. \"Inthink I'm stuck this time, Chlo. Six feet under, with the dustnpiling on top.\" -- School was going to benstarting in a few weeks, but despite my original excitement at goingnto Oxford, I couldn't feel it now. I was very close to having savednenough money to pay for everything for my first year, so I couldn'tneven think of taking time off to go to America, let alone pay for it.nSo mostly I walked around like a bit of a zombie, worrying my family. I couldn't help butngoing all the places we'd been together. The marketplace, the lake,nconcerts… my feet just carried me there. Even when I wasn'tntrying, we'd walked enough around London that even the streetsnweren't safe for me. New student week camenand went. I was at school and in classes. It had either taken forevernor had happened too quickly- I couldn't tell which. New people werenprying me out of my shell, though I was still a bit out of itnsometimes. I'd stopped writingnsongs. The rest of the band didn't know what to do with me.nNormally I was bouncing around, bugging everyone for a piece of papernso I could scribble some idea down before I forgot it. Now, nothing.nIt seemed as though I'd dried up. Most of those last fewnweeks of summer and first few weeks of school passed by in a blur,nbut there was one encounter that I remember all too clearly. It was the my firstnFriday as a college student. I didn't have classes on Fridays, so Intook a shift at GBGH. I was walking, because my room wasn't farnfrom the hotel. And I got stopped by my favorite person in thenworld, along with his friends. They stopped to say hello. \"Well, if it isn'tnthe mixed-race mongrel without his mate,\" drawled Armistead. Mynshoulders stiffened, and I was trying to convince myself that itnwasn't worth it to punch him in the face. \"Did she finallynrecognize her family tree has worth? Did she leave you?\" There werenjeers and shouts of 'mongrel'. I stopped walking,nvisibly shaking, trying to keep my temper under my control. I didn'tnblow often, but when I did, you would never be able to find thenpieces. \"I didn't see herngo running to you, Armi,\" I said as calmly as I could while turningnaround to face him. \"I didn't see hernrun to you either, mutt.\" I closed my eyes. Don't do it, I told myself. It's what he wants… Inopened my eyes once the red had cleared. \"She had other things onnher mind.\" Armistead sniffed, andnhis friends weren't laughing anymore. \"Obviously. Which I thinknproved my point exactly.\" Taking another deepnbreath, I said, \"Believe what you like.\" \"Do you honestly think she'll fly halfway across the world to see you ?\" \"Yes,\" I replied.nThe lie was too easy. If only I could believe it. The wordsnmade me feel a little better, almost as though they were true. \"Andnif she doesn't, I'll go halfway across the world to see her.\" He snorted. \"Likenyou could afford it.\" He turned and walkednaway, his friends laughing again. My shoulders slumped as the fightnleft me, but I continued to walk. I hadn't shown it,nbut Armistead's words stung, because I was having doubts, too. Whatnif she had moved on? Not to someone like Armistead, obviously,nbut what if she had gotten home, and didn't regret leaving at all?nCould she slip back into her daily life in New York and forget aboutnthe time she'd spent here? Let it fade until it was just a dream? These questions didn'tnhelp my mood in the following week. The new people I had started tonhang out with kept asking me why I was so down. I couldn't bringnmyself to tell anyone except my roommate, James, who I had becomenpretty close with. Since he was happily dating, he could only offernhis sympathies and some monetary help, should I ever wish to fly tonAmerica. I thanked him, filled with the overwhelming need to see mynfamily. That Friday, before my shift at GBGH, I stopped off at home.nMy father and my sister had the TV turned to Lord Dashwood'snspeech, while my mom was doing her best to listen in from thenkitchen. I plopped down next to my father, content to just be with mynfamily. The man on the screen said something about priorities, butnthen he said something that shocked us all. \"Which is why I mustnrespectfully withdraw my candidacy.\" I didn't even paynattention to the rest of what he said. Lord Dashwood, the bloke withnno feelings, who had let his own daughter walk out on himnwithout expending a decent amount of energy to try to get her to comenback… He was turning his back on politics? Maybe his heartnwas bigger than I thought. As he walked away from the crowd and thencameras, I could almost swear that he heaved a sigh of relief. I forgot all of my ownnproblems just then. All any of us could say was how shocked we werenat his behavior. Chloe actually looked a little proud of him. When Inglanced quizzically at her, she just mouthed, 'Parent Trap'. I left soon afterward,ndriving quickly to get to the hotel so I wouldn't be late. When Ingot there, I was given desk duty, the surest way to die of boredom. I sat in my usualnplace on the desk doodling on a pad of stationary. I barely noticednthat when the door opened once, everything went very quiet. I did notice when someone cleared their throat right by me. I startedntalking before I even jumped down and looked up. \"Welcome to thenGreat Britain Grand Hotel. Checking-\" That's when I saw his face.nLord Henry Dashwood was facing me, a nondescript but expensivenlooking black suitcase clutched in one hand, still in the suit he wasnwearing at his speech that morning. \"Ian,\" he said,nmaking it clear that a question was coming, \"how interested wouldnyou be in accompanying me to America?\" PPP Yes, I know. Really short, and yet anotherncliffie. But hey, at least I updated fast! Nobody's even reviewednthe last chapter yet… -Arnold-[Chapter 9] I started this one right after publishing the last one. Yay!nThough it took me much longer to post. Sorry 'bout that. FinalsnSUCK, people. Another one of those 'all mine' chapters.nNever mind what I said in the last chapter- a lot of these are allnmine. Er, mostly mine. Excepting the fact that this whole story isnone big copyright issue, and it's not like any of the charactersnare mine. 'Least not any of the main ones. **sighs** Oh, well. I also do not own The Lord of the Rings,nPirates of the Caribbean, or British Airways. So technically, I hadnno right to use them, either. PPP I sat on the plane asnother fliers passed by in the aisle next to me. I couldn't believenit. I was actually going to America, as I'd been fantasizing fornweeks. Lord Dashwood hadninsisted on paying for me to go to America. I didn't like to thinknabout how much it cost to get us to be standbys on a flight overseas,nso I did my best not to. He was a lord- he had money. I had gone back to mynhouse to explain to my parents. As I was leaving, Chloe punched mynshoulder and said, \"Go get her, bro.\" It was to the dorm tonpack a bag, and then it was off to the airport with a man I barelynknew, thinking, This isn't going to be awkward at all… Waiting for the planento take off, I couldn't keep still. My knees moved up and down innquick, nervous movements and I clenched my hands to keep fromnfidgeting. \"Nervous?\" LordnDashwood asked. I stared at him for a moment. These were the firstnwords he'd spoken to me since we'd gotten to the airport. I tried to relax. Mynbody responded nicely. My face broke into a slightly embarrassed grinnas I answered, \"Yeah.\" \"Why?\" I stared at him again.n\"Well, I'm flying halfway across the world to try and make amendsnwith the girl I walked out on.\" \"I must takenresponsibility for that, I'm afraid. I asked her to change.\" I sat up straighter.n\"There was nothing wrong with her!\" I said, a bit too loudly.nSome people turned to look at me, but I didn't care. His response matchednmine in volume and intensity. \"I know that!\" He clamed enough tonsay, quieter, \"So I'm flying halfway around the world tonmake amends with two women.\" My anger receded. \"Inthink you win.\" He smiled. \"Yes. Inbelieve I do.\" \"Doesn't make itnany easier for me, though.\" \"At least for younit's only been a few weeks. I have seventeen years to make up for.nSeventeen years to breed resentment, seventeen years for the wound tonheal.\" I flinched, and wenwere silent as the plane took off. \"She'll take younback in a second, you know.\" I sat up straighter.n\"Why should she?\" \"After I… spokenwith her, she was less than herself, but after you left… well let'snjust say I don't think I've ever seen a girl so empty in all mynyears.\" Wincing, I lookedndown. \"You really shouldn't be telling me this now, sir.\" \"Call me Henry,\"nhe said, so quick that it seemed almost like an instinct, a reflex.n\"And what I'm saying is that she loves you. And she knows younwere right. Everything will clear up between the two of you.\" We fell silent thennand all I could think was, I hope you're right… As I flipped throughnthe channels of the TV screen in front of me, I saw Lord Dashwoodnwriting something out of the corner of my eye. I shifted ever sonslightly to get a better look. He seemed a bit frantic, like I alwaysnlooked when I was trying to get an idea out on paper before I lost itncompletely. I also noticed that he wasn't writing on a regularnsheet of paper. It was his boarding pass. I squinted and could makenout writing on the napkin on his tray table as well. Shaking my head,nI paid more attention to The Lord of the Rings: The Return of thenKing . I hadn't really liked the first two, but it was eithernthis or Pirates of the Caribbean , and romance, no matter hownmuch it was disguised behind skeletons and sword fights, wasnsomething I could not handle right now. I must have dozed offntowards the end of the movie (maybe around the third ending- theynjust kept going, didn't they?), because the next thing I knew, thenpilot's voice crackled over the speaker, telling us that we shouldnprepare for landing. Some ten minutesnlater, we were at the gate and the pilot was telling us to enjoy ournstay in America, and thank you for flying British Airways. LordnDashwood and I stood up, picked up our luggage, and proceeded tonleave the airport (no one could believe we'd come overseas withnjust carry-ons). We checked into anhotel and put our bags down. After that was done, Lord Dashwoodnimmediately pulled out his cell phone and called the Reynolds'nresidence. \"Hey, this is Libbynand Daphne Reynolds, we're not home right now, we're at thenMarshall wedding, and it's not over until very late, and we'll benhome even later because it takes a while to get home from the FivenTowns…\" They were giggling,nfinishing each other's sentences… she sure didn't sound like she missed me. Lord Dashwood didn'tnlook disheartened by the message at all. I suggested that we'd callnit a night and try their house again tomorrow, but he wouldn't havenit. He just dialed another number on his cell phone, and ten minutesnlater, we were getting into a taxi. Lord Dashwood shouted an addressnto the cabbie, and we were off. Lord Dashwood and Inboth stared out of our respective windows, each of us burning offnnervous energy in our own ways: my legs and hands wouldn't staynstill, and he kept tearing little pieces of paper into even smallernbits. When the cab pullednoff the highway, Lord Dashwood said, without looking at me, \"We'renalmost there.\" He then turned to me and continued, \"If you don'tnmind, I'd like to have a word with Daphne before you come and sweepnher off her feet.\" Had I been lessnanxious, I would have snorted. That sounded much too close tonsomething out of Sleeping Beauty . Lilly would have loved it.nAs it was, all I could do was shake my head; there would be no feetnleaving the ground tonight. Lord Dashwood ignorednmy disbelief. \"I have a feeling that once you show up, I won'tnhave very much of her attention.\" \"But you're hernfather!\" \"Yes, but she's anteenager.\" I decided not to arguenwith such a valid point. If she weren't mad at me, I'd agree withnhim completely. He seemed so sure that she'd forgive me… The car stoppednabruptly, and I was jerked from my thoughts. I resisted the urge tonswallow like a cartoon. We're here . Lord Dashwood wastednno time in taking a raft or something across the picturesque lake. I,nhowever, had the time to walk around it, trying to appreciate thenbeauty (that I couldn't see) and keep my mind off of what I wasnabout to do. Chloe would have called me a wuss. There's nonguarantee she'll take me back. I could be walking into heartbreak. Whatever I was walkingninto, I was there. The lights from the wedding were creeping up mynbody, making me more and more visible to those present. No one paidnmuch attention to me, the guy in jeans at a wedding. I guess theynassume that someone planning on crashing would wear somethingnclassier. There she was, dancingnin the middle of the floor in the arms of someone whom I recognizednimmediately as her father, or I might not have been responsible fornwhat I'd end up doing to him. Lord Dashwood caughtnmy eye over Daphne's shoulder and nodded slightly. I took a deepnbreath, then began walking towards them. I caught his last sentence. \"I think when you'rengroveling, it's important to bring a very large present.\" I could practicallynsee the confusion on her face as she said, \"I don't understand.\" A small smile crept upnLord Dashwood's lips as I said, \"May I cut in?\" I don't knownwhat I looked like, but in my head, I was going, Please, please,nplease, please- She whirled around tonface me, and the huge grin on her face and the \"Hey!\" that keptngoing up until it was too high for her range was enough to make mynown face light up like I'd never doubted for a second that she'dntake me back. As I hugged her, I figured I should have known allnalong. I would have held hernfor much longer, but there were things to be said, on her part. Hernhands went up to my neck and mine settled on her waist- everythingnseemed so natural. \"I tried to call you but every time I did younweren't home, and your mom always said that she'd tell younto call me back, but she seemed sort of distracted, and I'm notnsure she remembered…\" \"I was staying outnof the house as much as possible. When I'm depressed, I don'tnlike walls. Too confining. They only let you think about one thing.nThe one thing that depresses you.\" Her face darkened anlittle. \"Don't I know it.\" \"And to expect mynmother to remember anything she hears on the phone is ridiculous andnunfair to her. Chlo and I call her the Absent-Minded Professor allnthe time.\" Daphne giggled anlittle, face returning to the blissful happiness. Leaning against mynchest, she giggled. \"What?\" I asked.nShe inclined her head towards her parents, who were snogging. Rathernthan be completely disgusted (as I would have been), she was happynfor them. Granted, she didn't look at them for long, but still. She rested her headnback against my chest and I tightened my grip around her waist as wenrevolved in slow circles on the dance floor. Maybe tomorrow we'dnall go back to England, maybe we'd stay here. Maybe later we'dnhave a moment alone (neither of us were PDA type people, and I, fornone, wanted the 'kiss' part of 'kiss and make up'). Maybe ournfuture would see us separated for stretches of time. But all thatnmattered was now, this perfect moment, and if someone were to ask menhow I was doing, I wouldn't respond with a generic 'fine' orn'good'. I would be able to truthfully say, \"Never better.\" ~Fin~ Yeah, I know. I didn't warn you in advance nthat this would be the end. Because truthfully, I hadn't known. Inwas sort of making this up as I went along. I never thought that I'dnbecome so committed to it or love it so much. It was sort of just anthrowaway idea that I had to write down (as always), but I'venreally grown to love this. And I had no idea that it would be metnwith such roaring (well, maybe… squealing? Whispered?) praise.nThank you to my 23 lovely reviewers!!! (Yes, I counted. Yes, I knownI'm sad.) You guys were really what kept me going when I wasn'tnso into this story, and I wasn't sure I was going to even finishnit. **hugs all around** I may do a sequel (it depends on how muchnyou guys beg me. … just kidding), but I'm not entirely sure. If Indo, though, it'll take longer to get it out, because I'lln**gasp!** actually have to come up with my own plot!!! I havena few ideas bouncing around, though, so… we'll see. So… I'll see you 'round, and I look forwardnto all the reviews!! **wink wink, nudge nudge** Love ya lots, Arnold ","Summary":" This is my new story of the week nnnThis is my new story of the week! Also known asnmy second What "},{"Movie":"Parent Trap","Title":"Darla and Amber's Parent Trap","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12164606","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Oh, Darla, you're almost a teenager...\" Jessica hugged her little sister. \"And you're off to spend the summer at my childhood summer camp... I know this is no Camp Little Moose, but you'll make loads of new friends here, and best of all, Amber will be there too.\" \"Yeah, luckily I'll get to see her before she sees her Aunt Anita and Uncle Roger in London.\" Darla hugged her big sister back as she was packed to spend eight weeks at summer camp this year. \"Are we almost there yet? We can't breathe.\" Patch and Maisy muffled from her luggage. Darla opened one bag to see the puppy and kitten before she folded her arms with a smirk. \"What're you two doing in there?\" Jessica giggled to the pets. \"We wanted to come with.\" Maisy said. \"Of course you did...\" Darla replied. \"Well, we can't let our big girl go out into the world alone.\" Patch replied. Darla rolled her eyes. \"Guys, I'm almost twelve!\" she then whined. \"We know, but we don't want to miss out on anything you might experience at camp.\" Patch said. \"Well... I guess you could come as long as you don't cause too much trouble.\" Darla replied. \"So, what're Roger and Anita going to do in London?\" Patch asked curiously. \"I hear Anita's going to see an old friend of hers who has a daughter that wants to meet Amber,\" Darla said. \"I wish I could go too, but I should let my best friend be with her family, we have eight whole weeks together.\" \"Don't you have to meet another girl as well?\" Jessica asked. \"Oh, yeah, did I tell you?\" Darla replied. \"I've been exchanging letters with a girl named Hallie from California.\" \"I know you'll miss being with Amber, but you should spend some time with new friends.\" Jessica smiled. \"And I plan to.\" Darla replied maturely as she was almost twelve now and excited to start this experience. \"So then, what are we waiting for? Let's get this bag zipped up and get ready for the trip to the camp.\" Maisy smiled. \"Okay, get comfortable...\" Jessica told them. Atticus walked over to Darla. \"Have a good time, kiddo...\" he then hugged her nice and tight, but didn't use all of his strength. \"We'll miss you so much.\" \"I'll miss you too.\" Darla smiled. \"Now, remember, I want you to be on your best behavior,\" Atticus told her. \"Remember what I said about meeting Robyn. I know you have a lot of old friends and you might not feel like you might need a new friend, but look, you mailed that girl Hallie Parker once a week during the school year and you two sound close already even though you've never met each other, but you'll spend time together before you start school in the Fall.\" \"Yes, Atticus...\" Darla nodded to her big brother. \"I know a lot better... I'm almost twelve.\" \"Yes, but you'll always be that little seven year old girl we met back in Hollywood...\" Atticus smiled with joyful tears in his eyes. \"I know.\" Darla smiled. Atticus wiped his eyes. \"Okay, kiddo, let's get going.\" Jessica smiled as she got into her car and was ready to drive off. Darla hugged Atticus one last time and dashed to the car and sat in the passenger seat and hooked up once her bags were ready to go to camp. \"We're going!\" \"Yay!\" Patch and Maisy muffled. Cherry and Mo came to Atticus's sides. \"My little sister's all grown up!\" Atticus cried out before grabbing Cherry by her hood and blowing his nose into it. \"Hey!\" Cherry glared as she sharply turned to him. \"Oops, sorry.\" Atticus smiled sheepishly. Cherry narrowed her eyes in disgust. Jessica had a long drive ahead of her. When the drive took longer than anticipated, Darla was with a blanket and pillow to sleep some of the trip away. Patrick and Emily were happy enough to drive Darla to camp, but since Jessica went to this very camp when she was Darla's age and it would be a good chance for the two to bond as sisters, they allowed her to do it. Plus, Jessica would get to experience having a road trip with a child as she really wanted to be a mother someday. Patch and Maisy tried their best to not get too uncomfortable in the bag. It was a bit snug, but luckily, not terribly bad as Patch made it comfortable for both of them. Darla had a strange feeling deep inside herself that this trip would be more than meets the eye. The trip to the camp was a long one, but they soon arrived there. Jessica stopped the car and shook her little sister. \"Ugh...\" Darla groaned. \"Are we there yet...?\" \"The last fifty times you asked that, the answer was no,\" Jessica narrowed her eyes before smiling to show the front gate of the campsite. \"This time, the answer's yes!\" \"Wahoo!\" Darla cheered. Jessica smiled as she then did a quick drive in and then stopped her car. Darla then ran out before falling flat on her face. Jessica covered her mouth. \"You might wanna stretch your legs first.\" \"Thanks for the memo.\" Darla muffled. Jessica then helped Darla up and dusted her clean and looked surprised at the elder counselor. \"No way... Is that Marva?!\" Darla merely shrugged. \"That can't be her...\" Jessica rubbed her eyes before doing a double take. \"Marva was a counselor here when I was your age.\" \"Either she's still a counselor or she's retired.\" Darla said. Jessica looked over. The grey-haired woman greeted the incoming campers before looking back to her. \"Jessica Fudo?!\" \"It is you!\" Jessica replied. \"Jessica Fudo, well I'll be.\" Marva smiled. \"Marvus, long time no see.\" Jessica smiled to her former counselor. \"It sure has been a while, hasn't it?\" Marva smiled back. \"I'll say...\" Jessica agreed. \"So, what brings you here?\" Marvus asked her. \"I'm dropping off my little sister,\" Jessica smiled as she introduced the young blonde. \"This is Darla.\" \"Hello, ma'am.\" Darla gave a polite smile and greeting before looking around and looking for her best friend in the whole wide world: Amber Smith. \"Are you looking for someone, dear?\" Marva asked. Darla looked forward. \"Um... Well...\" \"She's probably looking for her best friend,\" Jessica told Marvus. \"They've been inseparable since second grade.\" \"Aw!\" Marva smiled. Jessica smiled back. \"So, what're you up to?\" \"I'm the camp director now until I decide to retire, my daughter Marvus Jr will be helping me.\" Marva told her. Jessica looked surprised and curious of this Marva Jr. Darla seemed to wander from her sister and the older woman as she looked around, passing the swarm of girls and one boy who seemed to be there by mistake, thinking this was a boy's camp. She soon saw a girl over at a pile of luggage having to have finally found her bag until more girls started to pile up their duffel bags on top. \"Want some help?\" she offered. \"I think I got it.\" the girl replied as she tried to get her bag. \"You girls new?\" Another girl asked. \"Yeah...\" the girls replied. \"How can you tell?\" the other girl asked as she struggled with her bag by pulling it by the strap. \"You didn't know to grab your duffel before the apes tossed it into the heap,\" the girl replied, offering to give some help. \"I would say you need some serious help.\" \"We sure could use some help.\" Darla said as she agreed herself into helping the other girl with getting her bag out. \"Thanks, it's the big yellow one.\" the girl said. The other girl then nodded and helped get the bag out from the pile. A girl in a Tie-Dyed shirt found her bag and lifted it over her shoulder before walking off from the group. \"Whoa!\" Darla smiled. \"Now that's my kind of woman.\" the redheaded girl next to Darla said about the Tie-Dyed girl. \"Yo, Tie-Dye, girl!\" Darla called out. \"Could you give us a hand, please?\" The girl then walked over. The redheaded girl looked to the bags. \"Oh! You're Darla Fudo, you're that girl I've been exchanging letters with last year in school.\" \"Then you must be Hallie Parker.\" Darla then said. \"That's me.\" Hallie smiled. The two smiled to each other before Darla sighed. \"I wish my brother Atticus were here...\" Darla said. \"He could do this in a snap.\" The Tie-Dye girl soon pulled out Hallie's bag out of the pile. \"Wow, you must be strong...\" Darla said to the Tie-Dye girl. \"Hey, you live in California?\" the first girl with glasses asked as she read Hallie's bag. \"Do you, like, live in Hollywood?\" \"Do you live next door to a movie star?\" the Tie-Dye girl added in. \"What are you two, Lucy and Ethel?\" Hallie laughed. \"I've never even been to Hollywood. I live in Napa, that's in Northern California, and I live next door to a vineyard.\" \"Cool.\" Darla smiled. \"A whatyard?\" the Tie-Dye girl asked. \"A vineyard,\" Hallie explained. \"It's where you grow grapes to make wine. That's what we do. Me and my dad, we own a vineyard.\" 'Parker, Hallie!' Marva Jr called to announce the redheaded girl's cabin. 'Arapaho!' 'This camp might not be that bad.' Darla thought to herself. Hallie then left with Darla and their new friends, Zoe and Nicole as she then asked them if they knew how to play Poker. Jessica went to help Darla get ready into her cabin as she was one of the few adults from home still there to help out before she would have to drive back home all alone. A limo was then pulling up into the camp gates as Amber came off of one school bus and looked around. \"Darla?\" she looked for her best friend in the whole wide world, but couldn't find her yet. She soon saw who was coming out of the limo. Amber then turned as the limo stopped. \"Wow, way cool limo!\" A sharply dressed man came out from the driver's seat and let a redheaded girl with her hair down with a headband in ecru white clothing as she stepped out and smiled at the sights of the summer camp. \"Hi!\" Amber extended her right hand. \"I'm Amber Smith.\" \"Oh, you're Anita's niece.\" the girl replied with an English accent. \"That's me.\" Amber smiled. \"It's so wonderful to meet you.\" the English girl smiled. \"Annie, right?\" Amber smiled back. \"That's correct.\" Annie smiled. The man smiled down to them. \"Oh, hello.\" Amber greeted. \"I'm Martin, Miss James's butler and caretaker when her mother is away or her grandfather is busy.\" the man smiled. \"Hello, Martin...\" Amber shook his head. \"I'm Amber Smith, my Aunt Anita Dearly also works in the fashion industry, well, of course she did before she moved to a farm with my Uncle Roger and their dogs.\" \"Doesn't she still work as a fashion designer?\" Annie asked. \"Yeah, but she can't go into work personally since she lives on a farm now.\" Amber explained. \"Oh, well that is a shame...\" Annie replied. \"I bet she's a very lovely woman.\" \"You have no idea...\" Amber sighed about her favorite aunt. \"Anyway, shall we get to your checklist, Annie?\" Martin asked. \"Of course, Martin,\" Annie nodded, then looked to Amber. \"Oh, would you excuse us?\" \"Go right ahead, my dad and I do the same thing when I'm with him for back to school.\" Amber giggled. Annie smiled as that was something they also had in common. Martin took out the list and went over it with Annie. Annie looked up to Martin so they could go over the list before he would go to leave her here for the next eight weeks. And after he went over the list with Annie he brought a deck of poker cards. Annie checked everything that he said and smiled to the deck of cards. \"A spankin' new deck of cards,\" Martin smiled as he showed the deck to Annie. \"Maybe you'll find someone on this continent who can actually whip your tush at poker.\" Amber hid a giggle. \"I doubt it, but thanks,\" Annie smiled. \"Thanks for bringing me here, Martin.\" The two of them soon hugged. Martin seemed weepy from the hug. Annie gently held him and then let go once they finished. \"Now remember, if you change your mind and want me to pick you up at the end of camp, I'm only a phone-call away.\" Martin reminded Annie. \"Thanks, but I'll be fine,\" Annie promised with a smile. \"Really. See you in eight weeks, Marty, o'pal.\" \"Miss you already, my Queen of Heart.\" Martin smiled back. Amber was happy to know that Annie was being brave. Annie and Martin then shared a secret handshake and dance together. Amber looked curious. \"It's just something only we do.\" Annie explained to Amber. \"Oh, okay.\" Amber then smiled in understanding. After Martin left, Annie and Amber both left for the cafeteria. \"Annie James?\" Marva Jr called out. \"Over here.\" Annie smiled. Amber then walked with Annie so they would find out where their cabins would be, she hoped that they could maybe have the same cabin and maybe even with Darla if she could ever find her best friend in this swarm of girls. And where luckily she was given the same cabin as Annie. 'I'm so excited to spend the summer with my new friend.' Amber and Darla thought to themselves, referring to Annie and Hallie. Unknown to them, the two best friends would soon be in the middle of a war when Annie and Hallie would meet.[Chapter 2] The girls were now in the Mess Hall to have their first dinner away from home. \"I hope Jessica made it back home okay.\" Darla said to herself. \"That's your sister's name, right?\" Hallie asked. \"Yeah,\" Darla nodded. \"She's amazing.\" \"I wish I had a sister.\" Hallie sighed. Darla frowned, feeling sad for Hallie, she had that pain herself until she was seven and then adopted by the Fudo family. The girls then went down the line and Marva Sr came between Amber and Annie so she could get some strawberries. \"Mm, strawberries.\" Amber smiled. \"Oh, none for me, please,\" Annie warned her new friend. \"I'm horribly allergic.\" Amber felt bad for Annie, so she decided to only have one in her bowl so she wouldn't make her new friend feel sick. \"So, Hallie, you want strawberries?\" Darla asked her new friend. \"No thank you, Darla; I'm allergic.\" Hallie said. Darla then took note of that. \"Okay, Hallie.\" After dinner... Darla sighed as she felt lost and alone without Amber as she sat under a tree and wrote in her journal that Atticus gave her as a going away gift. \"Everything okay, Darla?\" Maisy asked. Darla smiled to her kitten and pet her. \"I guess I just feel a little homesick.\" \"Already?\" Maisy frowned. \"But you just got here.\" \"Yeah, besides, I can smell Amber's scent.\" Patch smiled. \"You do?\" Darla's eyes lit up. Patch smiled and nodded. \"Where is she?\" Darla sounded anxious to see her best friend right now. Patch began to follow the scent, causing Darla and Maisy to follow him. Many of the girls went about their activities and didn't even seem to notice the puppy and kitten wandering around the campsite. Patch soon started to run as he got excited as they got closer to where Amber was. \"So, you know how to play Poker?\" Annie asked Amber. \"Yeah, but I haven't played with anyone yet,\" Amber replied. Amber soon saw a familiar Dalmatian puppy. \"Patch?\" she then asked. \"What?\" Hallie asked. Amber knelt down on the ground and held out her arms as Patch rushed up to her with a smile. And where he soon jumped and tackled Amber with dog kisses. Amber laughed as the dog held her down. \"Hi, boy!\" Hallie beamed. Patch looked over and smiled as he could tell that this girl was a dog lover. Patch soon went up to her. Hallie smiled and played with Patch. Amber laughed until she then gasped. \"Wait, Patch, what're you doing here?! Pets aren't allowed in summer camp!\" \"Darla was able to get me and Maisy allowed into camp.\" Patch smiled. \"Hmm...\" Amber firmly hummed. Hallie then went off as she saw something which interested her. \"I'll see ya later, Amber!\" \"Okay, see ya!\" Amber called back. Darla then rushed over to her best friend and the two shared a big hug with each other. Darla soon saw Halle going off somewhere. There was a fencing activity going on. \"So sad we can't share cabins...\" Amber frowned. \"Yeah,\" Darla frowned. \"How's about we watch them fence?\" \"Sure, at least we'll be doing something together.\" Amber smiled. Darla smiled back and they went with a bunch of the other girls who were watching the fencing tournament. And where Hallie seemed to be on a winning streak. \"The winner and still undefeated champ, Hallie Parker!\" Marva Jr announced as she raised Hallie's arm. \"Do we have any challengers?\" \"Sure, I'll take a whack at it.\" Annie's voice said as she put the mask on to challenge Hallie in the game. \"You know, Darla, Annie looks just like your friend Hallie; only she doesn't have earrings and her hair is longer.\" Amber whispered. \"Really?\" Darla replied. \"I was just going to say that Hallie looks just like your friend Annie, but she doesn't have an accent.\" The two best friends then looked to each other. \"You don't think they could be long-lost sisters or something, do you?\" Amber asked. \"Oh, Amber, that's only in soap operas...\" Darla said, but she did think about it. \"...I think.\" They soon decided to watch the match and leave their theory till later. A lot of the girls screamed and ran out of the way as Hallie and Annie were really getting into the match. And where it went on for a while until finally a new winner was chosen as Annie. This of course disappointed Hallie greatly. \"Okay, that was quite a show,\" Marva Jr chuckled sheepishly. \"Alright, I think we got us a new camp champ from London, England, Miss Annie James!\" \"Yay! Annie!\" Amber smiled. \"Better luck next time, Hallie!\" Darla called out. The girls removed their masks and had their backs to each other. \"Come on, girls, let's shake hands.\" Marva Jr told them. The girls groaned, rolling their eyes, and turned to face each other and gasped once they saw they looked exactly alike in their facial features. \"Whoa!\" Amber and Darla gasped. This was super freaky for everyone who realized that the two looked exactly alike. The two then shook each other's hands and gasped as they felt a spark deep within them both somehow. \"Whoa.\" Patch smiled. \"Is this good?\" Maisy asked. \"I'm not sure.\" Patch said. The lunch bell then began to ring. \"Ooh, lunch!\" Darla called and ran off, distracted by the call of food.[Chapter 3] Later on that night, the girls seemed to gather around for a game of poker. Annie had her grandfather's deck of cards and she was winning every game so far. \"Way to go, Annie!\" Amber smiled to her new friend. The older girls groaned as they walked away and Annie had a 'full house' in the game. \"Anyone else?\" Amber asked. \"You've already tooken everybody.\" a younger girl told Annie. \"I'd like to take a whack at it.\" Hallie's voice said. Everyone looked to see Hallie coming in with sunglasses and a sock full of money with Zoe, Nicole, and Darla on her sides. \"Ooh, this should be interesting.\" Amber smiled. Hallie went to sit down and challenge Annie to a game of poker. \"This girl's b-b-b-bad to the bone.\" Darla smirked to Annie and her friends, even to Amber, of course not in a mean way to her since they were best friends back home after all. \"Is that right?\" Amber folded her arms, smirking the same way back to Darla. \"How about we make this interesting?\" Hallie smirked. Annie looked up curiously as they were placing their bets with money, nail polish, and more. \"Tell ya what I'm gonna do,\" Hallie replied. \"I'll make you a little deal. Loser jumps into the lake with their new friend after the game.\" \"Excellent.\" Annie smirked to that. \"Butt naked.\" Darla then added in with a smirk. \"Even more excellent.\" Annie approved, but Amber looked a little nervous. \"I-I don't know.\" Amber frowned. \"No worries, Amber, I've got this,\" Annie smirked and lay out her cards which were an Ace, a two, a three, a four, and a five, all of the suits were diamonds. \"Diamond High, straight!\" \"Good, James...\" Hallie replied before showing her cards with a smirk. \"But... Not just good enough.\" Annie frowned in surprise and disappointment as she was a champion in poker back home. \"In your honor, a Royal Flush.\" Hallie smirked as she showed her cards which were all spades and a King, two Queens, a Jack, and an Ace. \"Oh, crud.\" Amber groaned. \"Sorry, Amber...\" Darla whispered to her best friend. The other girls giggled as Amber and Annie were forced to go outside nude on the docks to go for a swim in the lake with no clothes on since they had lost the bet. \"Next time, let's try to bet something else.\" Amber said. \"Don't have to tell me twice.\" Annie agreed. The other girls watched as Amber and Annie then dove into the lake water. \"Grab their clothes.\" Hallie smirked to her friends. \"What? Why?\" Darla asked. \"Come on, just do it!\" Hallie laughed as Zoe and Nicole already grabbed the clothes. \"No way.\" Darla said. \"Suit yourself.\" Hallie shrugged and ran with Zoe and Nicole with Annie and Amber's clothes. \"Give me those!\" Darla grabbed Amber's clothes. \"I know they lost the bet, but Amber is my best friend!\" \"Oh...\" Hallie frowned. \"I'm sorry, I didn't know.\" Darla firmly pouted as she took Amber's clothes. Hallie felt a little guilty, but she ran with Zoe and Nicole with Annie's clothes. Annie and Amber popped their heads out of the shivering evening water and saw that some clothes were missing. \"Sorry girls, I could only get your clothes back, Amber.\" Darla said as she showed her best friend's clothes while also giving them both towels. \"Oh, thank you...\" Annie accepted before glaring to the running other three girls. \"At least someone else has class around here!\" \"What should we do?\" Darla asked. \"I think revenge is in order.\" Annie decided. \"Now, now, let's not do anything we might regret...\" Amber said as she wore the towel over her head before putting her clothes back on. \"Amber, I'm afraid that revenge must be her punishment.\" Annie said. \"Sorry about this...\" Amber said to Darla. \"Oh, well, how bad could it be?\" Darla shrugged as she then went to catch up with Hallie, Zoe, and Nicole. Unfortunately, it was bad the next day.[Chapter 4] The next day... \"Phew!\" Darla wiped her forehead. \"I think I need a nap before the next activity, I don't know about you, girls.\" \"Same here.\" Hallie said. \"The does not seem like a possibility.\" Nicole said. \"Why not?\" Hallie asked. \"That's why not.\" Nicole pointed to their cabin. \"Uh-oh, looks like Annie got her revenge.\" Darla said. They all looked to see that their beds were on the roof of their cabin. Hallie couldn't believe it. \"No way.\" \"Well, looks like you two are even then.\" Darla smiled nervously. \"Not even close.\" Hallie narrowed her eyes. \"Are you serious?\" Darla asked. Hallie nodded firmly. \"This is going to end badly...\" Darla bit her lip. Hallie, Zoe, and Nicole went to Annie and Amber and their friends' cabin later that night. The girls inside the cabin were fast asleep as Hallie and the others plotted even more revenge. And where they were going to get them all, except for Amber of course, since she was Darla's best friend. The girls set up traps all around the room and pranks. They then giggled as they came back to their cabins for the night, but would come in the morning after the horn to check to see how their little practical joke went. Unknown to them, there would be a surprise inspection. Annie came out of her bed and yelled out as the floor was incredibly sticky. The other girls screamed as they were all violated with their hair, whipped cream, and their hair in spikes. There were strings all around which set off a bunch of water balloons. The only one that didn't get pranked was Amber. She did wake up from the splashes from the water balloons and the screams from her bunk-mates. She then gasped as she looked all around and saw what had become of the cabin. \"She didn't get me.\" Annie smirked as she avoided getting soaked by the water balloons. \"I wouldn't say that just yet.\" Amber said as she saw a big water balloon was now rolling down towards Annie. Annie looked up and screamed as the large water balloon came down and splattered all over her. Amber winced and clenched her teeth. \"That girl, without a doubt, is the lowest, most awful creature that ever walked the planet!\" Annie snapped. \"Thank you, thank you very much.\" Hallie smirked, doing an Elvis Presley impression. \"Can this get any worse?\" Amber and Darla sighed. \"Morning, girls.\" Marva Sr greeted as she walked with her daughter. \"Morning, Marvas,\" Hallie, Zoe, and Nicole replied angelically before doing a double take. \" MARVAS?! \" \"Surprise inspection!\" Marva Sr announced to the girls who were just waking up. \"AttenSHUN! \"Uh-oh...\" Amber said. \"No, no, Marva do not go in there...\" Hallie said as she ran to the screen door to block the counselors from going into the cabin. \"One of the girls got sick last night and it's a big, big mess! Save yourself the aggravation. It's really disgusting.\" \"Oh, well, if someone's sick, dear, then I must go in...\" Marva Sr reached for the door handle. Hallie leaned against the door to close it as there was a bucket of tar above the door with a fan and feathers waiting inside. Darla soon got herself included so then the tar wouldn't fall on Marva Sr. \"Move aside, dears.\" Marva Sr said gently to them. \"No, really, we insist, we can't let you guys go in there...\" Darla smiled nervously. \"She's highly contagious... The girl who's sick, I mean. You might have to quarantine the whole cabin.\" \"Actually, we're all quite fine in here,\" Annie smiled slyly. \"Unless Hallie Parker knows something we don't know.\" \"No, trust me, ma'am; you don't want to come in here.\" Amber said. Annie glanced at Amber who glanced back angrily. \"Really, come inside and see for yourself, Marvas.\" she then insisted the adults come in. \"Stand aside, please.\" Marva Sr told Hallie and Darla before grabbing the handle and opening the door which made the bucket dunk tar on her and her daughter. \"Noooo!\" Amber and Darla panicked. \"This can only end in disaster.\" Amber sighed, The counselors slipped into the wall and one grabbed a doll which made the fan go off and made feathers fall onto the two. Amber and Darla began to try to not laugh as the two counselors started to now look like chickens. \"We told you it was a mess in here.\" Hallie replied nervously. \"She should know,\" Annie glared. \"She did it!\" \"You and you!\" Marva Sr sputtered while pointing firmly to the two identical girls. \"Pack your bags!\" \"If they leave, then so do we.\" Darla and Amber said. \"Suit yourselves.\" Marva Jr said, not as strict as her mother. After a while, the Marvas cleaned up and were hiking along a trail with the girls to take them to their new shelter to punish them. \"Amber, I am so sorry!\" Darla said to her best friend. \"I didn't want any part in this.\" \"It's okay, Darla.\" Amber said. Marva Jr blew her whistle to make the girls stop marching. \"Okay, girls, the rest of you back to your activities.\" Marva Sr announced through her megaphone. This made the other girls not in trouble cheer and run back to camp once they were free to go. \"You four, the isolation cabin.\" Marva Sr firmly told Darla, Amber, Annie, and Hallie. Marva Jr then sharply pointed upward toward the cabin. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Darla and Amber said. The four girls then went into the cabin and moved their stuff in. Darla and Amber sighed as they were being punished too, but it was probably for the best. \"Hopefully we can make them become friends.\" Darla said to Amber as Hallie and Annie went to brush their teeth as it was getting dark. \"Hopefully.\" Amber said. Maisy nuzzled up against Darla. Darla hugged her kitten and gently pet her as she looked out the window. \"I know Hallie's bad, but I like her,\" Patch said. \"I can tell she's a dog person.\" \"If only there was something that the both of them like that could bring them closer together.\" Amber said. \"I have a sinking feel about them...\" Darla replied. That night was not an easy night, the two kept fighting over the light. Annie was writing in her diary and Hallie was trying to sleep.[Chapter 5] The next day, it was very stormy and that meant that everybody had to go indoors until the storm would stop. Patch shivered at the storm, trying to keep calm as he didn't like storms that much. Amber started to soothe him as she pet him. Patch soon settled down with her comfort. \"Shh... Shh...\" Amber soothed like a mother comforting her distressed child. One of the windows soon slid open, letting in the gust of wind. Maisy shivered. \"Brr!\" Hallie tried to close the window as it blew down a few of her posters. Patch was going to help her, but Annie actually stood up to help Hallie close the window. And with the two of them working together, they got to get the window shut. Darla and Amber smiled to this as the two actually worked together for a change. \"Thanks.\" Hallie smiled to Annie. \"You're welcome.\" Annie smiled back. Patch began to check on the posters. \"Oh, man...\" Hallie frowned as she collected her posters that fell to the floor. Annie decided to help and then picked up the stuffed animal next to the rain water bucket. \"Here's your-\" \"Cubby.\" Hallie smiled. \"How long have you had Cubby?\" Darla asked. \"For as long as I can remember...\" Hallie said as she put her stuffed animal back onto her bed. Patch came up to Hallie with a poster of Leonard DiCaprio in his mouth and smiled to her. \"Thanks, boy.\" Hallie accepted it with a smile. \"Who's that?\" Annie asked, referring to the man in the poster. \"You've never heard of Leonardo DiCaprio?\" Hallie replied in surprise. \"How far away is London anyway?\" \"Well, from here, it's 3,000 miles,\" Annie replied. \"But sometimes it seems much further... How far away is your home?\" \"Oh, California's all the way at the end of the country,\" Hallie said. \"Actually... Here's a picture of my house...\" she then held out a photograph to show to the others. \"It's beautiful.\" Amber smiled. \"Wow, it really is...\" Annie agreed in amazement. \"Yeah, they built it when I was little,\" Hallie nodded. \"We've got this incredible porch that looks over the entire vineyard, and, and-\" \"Is this your dad?\" Darla pointed to the man in the picture. \"Oh, yeah,\" Hallie nodded. \"He didn't know I was taking a picture or he would've turned around. He's kinda like my best friend. We do everything together.\" \"Aw!\" Darla and Amber smiled. Annie shook a chill down her spine. \"Something wrong, Annie?\" Amber asked. \"Uh, it's chilly in here...\" Annie replied as she went to sit on her bed. \"How's about we have something to eat?\" Darla said. \"Mom sent some of her cookies.\" Amber smiled to her best friend. \"All right!\" Darla cheered so they could have the cookies. \"Want some, Hallie?\" \"No thanks, I'm good.\" Hallie said as she took out a pack of Oreo's with a jar of peanut butter. \"Oreo's with peanut butter.\" Darla smiled. \"I do that at home...\" Annie was surprised to see someone else shared her strange eating habit. \"Really? So do I.\" Hallie said. \"You're kidding,\" Annie replied. \"Most people find that totally disgusting.\" \"I know, I don't get it.\" Hallie agreed as she shared her snack with Annie. \"Well, that's something you both have in common.\" Darla smiled. \"As friends should.\" Amber agreed. \"How old are you, Hallie?\" Annie asked. \"I'll be twelve on October 11th.\" Hallie replied. \"Your birthday's on October 11th?!\" Annie asked in shock. \"Yeah.\" Hallie nodded. \"So's mine.\" Annie said. This made Hallie choke in surprise. \"Erm... So, Annie, what's your dad like?\" she then asked. \"I mean, is he the kind of father you can talk to or is he one of those workaholic types that says, 'I'll talk to you later, honey', but never really does? I hate that.\" \"I don't have a father actually,\" Annie replied. \"I mean, I had one, once, I suppose, but my parents divorced years ago. My mother never even mentions him. It's like he evaporated into thin air or something.\" \"It's scary nobody stays together anymore.\" Hallie shook her head. \"Yeah.\" Maisy said. \"Tell me about it...\" Annie agreed. \"Hey, it stopped raining,\" Hallie noticed. \"You guys wanna get popsicles or something?\" \"Sounds good to me.\" Darla smiled. Annie slowly followed out and held her locket, looking down to them. \"What's the matter?\" Amber asked as she seemed to stay behind. \"Hallie, what's your mother like?\" Annie asked as she was getting an idea. \"I never met her,\" Hallie replied. \"She and my dad split up when I was a baby, maybe before, I'm not sure, he doesn't like to talk about her, but I know she was really, really beautiful.\" \"How do you know?\" Darla asked. \"Well, 'cuz my dad had this old picture of her hidden in a sock drawer,\" Hallie explained. \"And he caught me looking at it, like, all the time, so he gave it to me to keep. Look, I'm really thirsty. Are you guys sure you don't wanna go to the Mess Hall and get a lemonade or something?\" \"Will you stop thinking about your stomach at a time like this?!\" Annie replied, shaking her head with an amused smile. \"At a time like what?\" Hallie asked. \"Hallie, don't you get it? You both like the same food. You only have a father and she only has a mother you only have one picture of your mom and she only has one picture of her dad.\" Darla and Amber said. \"What are you, a detective?\" Hallie asked. \"I get it from my brother.\" Darla smirked, of course mentioning Atticus. \"Of course, she must have a whole picture of her mother because my picture of my father is just this half picture with it torn right down the middle.\" Annie said. This gave Hallie an idea as she then went through her trunk. \"There's only one way to find out.\" Amber told Annie. \"This is the picture of my mom...\" Hallie held her picture close without showing it at first. \"And it's ripped too...\" \"Right down the middle?\" Annie asked. \"Right down the middle...\" Hallie nodded. Annie soon went to where the picture of her dad was. \"This is so freaky...\" she said to Hallie. \"Okay, on the count of three, we'll show them to each other, okay?\" \"Okay...\" Hallie nodded. \"One... Two... Three.\" Darla and Amber counted. Hallie and Amber then held out their photos to show that they were the same and had been cut in half to show their missing parents and the photographs instantly became one. \"Whoa!\" Darla, Maisy, Patch, and Amber smiled. \"That's my dad.\" Hallie gasped. \"That's my mum!\" Allie smiled softly. The two looked at the picture together as the lunch bell rang. \"That sounds like the lunch bell.\" Darla said. \"I'm not so hungry anymore.\" Hallie replied. Patch and Maisy gasped in surprise. \"So, if your mom is my mom, and my dad is your dad, and we're both born on October 11th, then you and I are, like... Like sisters.\" Hallie said with a smile. \"Sisters?\" Annie replied. \"Hallie, we're like twins!\" \"Yep.\" Darla and Amber smiled. Hallie and Annie shared a hug together, both of them so overcome with emotion. \"I just don't know what to say...\" Hallie replied as she gripped her locket. \"What's that your holding?\" Annie asked. \"My locket,\" Hallie said as she showed it. \"I got it when I was born. It has an 'H' on it.\" \"I've got mine when I was born too, except mine has an 'A' on it.\" Annie showed her locket out. \"Wow.\" Darla and Amber said. \"This is the craziest day of my life.\" Amber said. \"You said it...\" Hallie agreed as she suddenly got goosebumps. \"I have a sister... A twin... There's two of me... Us... This is like...\" \"Mind boggling.\" Annie agreed. \"I wonder why your parents split up?\" Darla thought out loud. \"Yeah.\" Maisy said. Later that night, Hallie and Annie became closer and they asked each other what their parents were like. This only made the two want to meet their missing parents for themselves somehow. \"Too bad you guys can't trade places...\" Amber said after the bonding. This suddenly gave Hallie an idea. \"Amber, you just gave me a brilliant beyond brilliant idea,\" Hallie said, sitting up in her bed. \"I'm serious, you are a total genius!\" Amber smiled shyly in response to that. \"Annie, you wanna know what Dad is like, right?\" Hallie prompted. \"Right.\" Annie replied. \"And I'm dying to know Mom,\" Hallie continued. \"So, like Amber said, we should switch places. When camp's over, I'll go back to London as you and you go back to California as me.\" \"What?!\" Annie gawked at her. \"It's brilliant.\" Darla smiled. \"We can pull it off,\" Hallie nodded to her. \"We're twins, aren't we?\" \"Hallie, we're totally, completely, 100% different.\" Annie shook her head in disbelief. \"So? You can teach her how to be you and she can teach you how to be her.\" Darla said. \"Look, I can do you already,\" Hallie said before holding her hair back and changing her accent. \"Yes, you want to know the difference between us? I have class and you don't.\" Annie smirked, but said nothing. \"That was a good imitation of her.\" Patch said. \"Please, Annie, please,\" Amber begged. \"You should let your sister meet her mom.\" \"The truth is, you know, if we switch, sooner or later, they'll have to unswitch us.\" Annie said with a smile with the possibility of their parents seeing each other for the first time in eleven years. \"And when they do, they'll have to meet each other again face-to-face.\" Hallie smiled. \"After all these years.\" Annie nodded. \"Thank you!\" Hallie lay down then with Annie. \"I told you Amber was brilliant.\" Amber giggled before she lay down with Darla to get some sleep. \"By the way, how is it that your pets are able to talk?\" Hallie asked Darla. \"Oh! Umm... You wouldn't happen to have heard of Puppy Power, have you?\" Darla replied. \"Yes, I have.\" Hallie nodded. \"Well, there you go.\" Darla replied. \"And you cat?\" Hallie then asked. Darla shrugged. \"Kitten Power?\" \"Puppy Power kind of works for both cats and dogs.\" Maisy said. \"Wow...\" Hallie smiled. \"Patch really likes you.\" Darla said to Hallie. \"I love dogs,\" Hallie replied. \"I have a dog back home named Sammy.\" \"Boy or girl?\" Patch asked. \"A boy, he's a golden retriever.\" Hallie smiled. \"Shouldn't we be concerned with Sammy since dogs have an excellent judge of a person?\" Maisy asked. \"Oh, he won't notice.\" Hallie reassured. \"Well...\" Patch and Maisy looked to each other nervously, Annie and Hallie may have been twins, but Sammy might be able to tell the difference in his own way. \"Well, it's a good thing that I'll be going with.\" Darla said. \"What?\" Annie asked. \"We decided on the last day, we should spend a week together since we became friends through a letter program at school.\" Darla explained. \"And I was gonna go with Annie to London with Aunt Anita and Uncle Roger since my aunt and Annie's mother are old friends.\" Amber then said. \"Looks like this'll work out then,\" Annie nodded. \"We'll work out getting to know each other by breakfast tomorrow.\" \"Yeah.\" Amber said. The others then went straight to sleep as they were excited for this plan to play out. And where the plan would work.[Chapter 6] The next day, Annie and Hallie told each other about their lives back home in order for this plan to be successful. And where they soon had to let Annie get a hair cut. Annie was of course very nervous about this. Hallie was also nervous as she approached Annie with the scissors and was about to cut until... \"Don't shut your eyes!\" Annie told Hallie. \"She's right, Hallie.\" Amber said. \"Oh, right, okay, sorry, I'm a little nervous.\" Hallie said. \"You're nervous?!\" Annie whined. \"An eleven-year-old is cutting my hair!\" \"Hey, you sounded just like me.\" Hallie smiled. \"Yeah.\" Darla smiled. \"Well I'm supposed to, aren't I?\" Annie smirked before closing her eyes. \"Go on... Just do it.\" Hallie then took a deep breath and started to cut Annie's hair to look just like hers. After a while, Annie finally looked like Hallie, except for one more thing. \"Perfect!\" Darla smiled. \"Uh, not quite...\" Amber spoke up. \"Hallie, aren't your ears pierced?\" \"Oh, my God...\" Hallie just realized that Annie didn't have pierced ears. \"What?\" Annie asked. \"Well, I can't go to camp with pierced ears and come back with them not.\" Hallie told Annie. \"Oh, no, no, no, no, absolutely not, I refuse.\" Annie said. \"Did you bring your Moon Staff?\" Maisy asked Darla. \"Just in case of emergencies,\" Darla knew where this was going. \"Do you think it'll work?\" \"Yes.\" Maisy nodded. Darla went to her bag and took out her Moon Staff as Hallie was getting a lemon and a needle and walked over to Annie. \"What is that?\" Annie asked. \"Let me handle this, this should be quick and painless.\" Darla said as she gripped her Moon Staff. \"I hope so.\" Annie pleaded. \"Moon Power!\" Darla proclaimed as she held out her staff. \"Pierce Annie's ears!\" Annie soon closed her eyes and expected pain in her ears. \"Oh, just get it over with!\" she cried out. \"This is absolutely dreadful, I shouldn't have agreed to this! Just tell me when it's over.\" \"Annie, it's over.\" Maisy told her. Annie then opened her eyes and saw her ears were now pierced and she didn't even feel a thing. \"That's it?\" \"Yep, that's it.\" Darla smiled. Annie smiled. \"So much for my plan.\" Hallie pouted as she threw away the lemon and needle. \"Now you two look exactly alike.\" Amber said. Hallie and Annie smiled as they hoped that this would work. Before they knew it, it was almost time to go home and many rides were coming to pick the girls up. Darla was on the phone with her family as she was going to be with Hallie until back to school, or in this case, with Annie. And where they already knew that she was going to be with Hallie until she would be back to school. \"It was a lot of fun otherwise,\" Darla said as she continued to talk with the family back home. \"But enough about me, how was your summer?\" 'We were mostly in Equestria,\" Atticus said on the other line while he was reading one of Cherry's newest stories to proofread for any errors before she would send it out to a publishing company. \"The others say hi and hope you had a good summer. Also, Uncle Triton says hi and Urchin really missed you.\" \"I really miss him too.\" Darla smiled. \"He said if anyone bullied you, he could beat them up for ya.\" Atticus then said with a laugh. Darla laughed back. \"I'll keep that in mind.\" \"Well, have a nice time with Hallie.\" Atticus said. \"Okay, send my love to the others, bye, Atticus.\" Darla nodded and then hung up. Atticus hung up himself as he continued to read. \"What a nice young woman she's becoming.\" \"So I'll be coming with you while Patch goes with Amber.\" Maisy said. \"That's right,\" Darla nodded. \"You ready to go?\" \"Of course I am.\" Maisy nodded back. \"Come on then.\" Darla opened her bag. Maisy then climbed in and fit snug and nicely. Darla smiled as she then went to find Hallie. \"Oh, yes, Aunt Anita, it's fine that you brought Pongo and Perdita with you and Uncle Roger.\" Amber said on the phone, purposely aloud so Patch would overhear that and he would be able to see his parents during this visit to London. Patch soon got excited as he would see his parents again. Amber smiled to his excitement. \"Anyway, Aunt Anita, I better get packing.\" she then said. \"Alright, dear, we look forward to seeing you, we'll meet you at the James residence.\" Anita told her niece. \"Yes, Aunt Anita, I'll see you soon.\" Amber nodded. She soon hung up and went to her bag. \"Are Mom and Dad really gonna be there?\" Patch asked excitedly. \"Yeah,\" Amber smiled to him. \"You know your parents are best friends with my aunt and uncle.\" \"Wahoo!\" Patch smiled. Amber hugged the puppy and went with Darla to Hallie and Annie to make the switch. And where they did so by switching clothes. This was it. The big moment of truth. Hallie and Annie reminded each other that they were going to ask why their parents split up and separated. \"This is so exciting.\" Darla smiled. \"Good luck.\" Amber said as she stood beside Hallie. \"Same to you.\" Darla replied as she stood beside Annie. \"This plan is fool proof.\" Patch whispered. \"Glad I thought of it.\" Maisy smirked. \"No, it was my idea.\" Patch glared. \"Well it was my idea to take your idea.\" Maisy giggled. \"Are you serious?!\" Patch glared. Maisy laughed. \"Get over here, Cat!\" Patch poked his head out with a bark. \"No way.\" Maisy smirked. \"Annie James! Amber Smith! Your car is here!\" Marva Jr announced. \"That's us.\" Amber told Hallie. \"Yep.\" Hallie nodded. Hallie and Annie shared one last hug and the group split up. \"See ya soon, Darla!\" Amber called to her best friend. \"See ya, Amber!\" Darla called back to her best friend. Hallie and Amber were then in a limo and were being taken to an airport to meet Martin in London. Annie and Darla both had their fingers crossed, hoping this would work. \"Good luck...\" Annie whispered. Amber and Hallie were on the plane going straight to London as. Hallie looked out the window and was amazed to see the sights of the foreign country she was going to be staying at. \"Please like me, please.\" Hallie whispered to herself, hoping her mother would like her. Amber gently squeezed Hallie's hand in comfort as they were going to meet her mother. Once they arrived at the airport, they left the plane to see if Martin was there. The girls stood close to each other and looked around.[Chapter 7] \"Which one is he?\" Hallie whispered to Amber. \"He's the butler, so look for a man in a suit who is friendly.\" Amber whispered back. \"Alright.\" Hallie whispered. \"Annie!\" Martin smiled as he came with a bouquet of flowers. \"'Mawtin'!\" Hallie exclaimed with a smile back. \"Perfect.\" Amber whispered. Hallie and Martin ran up to each other. 'I hope she memorized the handshake.' Amber thought to herself. Martin and Hallie then did the handshake which was for him and Annie. \"Whew.\" Amber sighed quietly in secret relief. Patch poked his head out and smiled as Hallie was able to do the handshake successfully. \"I can't wait to meet Annie's mother.\" Amber smiled to Martin. \"Ah, yes, she and your aunt are anxiously awaiting your arrival.\" Martin smiled back to Amber. \"I had a feeling she might.\" Amber smiled as Patch came out. \"Oh, hello little fella.\" Martin smiled to Patch.' Patch smiled back and gave a quiet and gentle bark. \"He sure is friendly.\" Martin smiled. \"Indeed he is,\" Amber smiled back. \"So, shall we go then?\" \"Come along.\" Martin told the girls. They soon went to the limo. \"Ooh, how high class.\" Patch whispered. They soon got in the limo ready to get to Annie's house. Amber and Hallie looked out the windows as they saw the wonderful sights of London, England. \"Wow.\" Amber smiled. \"This is amazing.\" Hallie couldn't believe what she was seeing. \"It sure has been a while since I've been to London.\" Patch smiled. \"I know you're ready to see the best dog parents in the world.\" Amber smiled back. \"I sure am.\" Patch smiled. Amber hugged him. Hallie was so excited just to see these sights up close. They soon saw the house they were going to stay in. The driver opened the door and let Annie and Amber out. \"Home again.\" he smiled sweetly to Hallie. \"Thank you.\" Hallie smiled back and looked amazed at the sight of Annie's house. \"Wow.\" Amber and Patch smiled. \"This is it...\" Hallie told Amber and Patch. \"18 Cumberland Square.\" she then took a deep breath and went through the front gate to go into the house to meet her mother for the first time as Annie. There were books and papers on the coffee table in the living room with a welcome banner for Annie. While Hallie and Amber explored, Patch sniffed the air and caught a familiar scent before following it. \"I recognize this scent anywhere.\" Patch smiled. Hallie and Amber had met the grandfather of the house as Patch went off. Perdita and Pongo were lying by the fireplace with their front paws on top of each other like humans holding hands. \"Bomb's away!\" Patch smirked before playfully pouncing in top of his parents. \"Looks like our son has arrived.\" Pongo laughed. \"'Ello, Patch.\" Perdita smiled. \"Hi, Mother... Hi, Dad...\" Patch nuzzled up against his parents. \"Now, how did you get here?\" Pongo smiled. \"Amber.\" Patch replied. \"Oh, such a lovely girl...\" Perdita smiled to that. \"But, how did you get with her?\" \"Erm... I sorta snuck in when she and Darla went to Camp Walden.\" Patch smiled sheepishly. \"Such a sneaky pup.\" Pongo smirked. Patch giggled to his parents. \"Oh, look at how much you've grown...\" Perdita smiled. \"How's everybody else back on the farm?\" Patch asked. \"Are they having a wonderful time?\" \"Yep and getting smaller.\" Pongo said. \"So I've heard...\" Patch replied about some of his siblings who had been adopted. \"Lucky, Rolly, and Spot were really sad about Cadpig leaving.\" Perdita said. \"Oh, yeah, no doubt,\" Patch agreed. \"I mean, they were the Four Musketeers after all.\" \"But they do get visits from her and Tripod once in a while.\" Pongo said. \"Well, that's good...\" Patch smiled. \"There's also Paprika.\" Perdita said. \"Paprika?\" Patch asked curiously. \"Your new niece.\" Pongo smiled. \"That awesome!\" Patch smiled. Pongo and Perdita smiled back. \"I'd love to meet her...\" Patch replied. \"How about now?\" a young female voice asked. Patch looked over to see a slender dalmatian puppy with a purple bow around her neck with floppy black ears, a spot on her cheek like a beauty mark, and diamond blue eyes with a heart-shaped pink nose. \"Good day, Uncle Patch.\" the puppy smiled. \"Good day, Paprika.\" Patch smiled back. Paprika walked like a show dog and came to his side. \"Proper young lady, are we?\" Patch chuckled. \"She's been watching dog shows.\" Pongo said. \"So I see.\" Patch replied. \"I'm going to have a lot of grace when I grow up.\" Paprika smiled smugly. \"I can tell.\" Patch said. Pongo and Perdita smiled. \"Um, where's Roger and Anita?\" Patch asked about their 'pets'. \"Upstairs with Annie's mother, dear.\" Perdita replied. \"Great.\" Patch smiled. Amber and Hallie came to meet Annie's grandfather. \"Hello?\" Amber greeted. \"Hello, dear,\" Charles smiled. \"You must be Amber.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Amber curtsied politely for the old man. \"And is that my granddaughter? That tall, gangly thing?\" Charles asked playfully as he looked at Hallie. \"Yes, that's me.\" Hallie replied. \"Did you have a good time, sweet pea?\" Charles asked as he hugged his granddaughter. \"Great...\" Hallie replied before sniffing Charles. \"What are you doing?\" Charles asked curiously. \"Just smelling...\" Hallie replied. \"I'm making a memory. Years from now, when I'm all grown up, I'll remember my grandfather and how he always smelled of peppermint and pipe tobacco.\" \"Wow, what a nose.\" Amber smiled. \"You can say that again, dear.\" Charles agreed with a chuckle. \"Annie? Amber?\" Two female voices called out. Hallie looked at the stairs with Amber. There was a blonde woman with Amber's aunt. \"Aunt Anita!\" Amber ran up the stairs to hug her favorite aunt. \"Mother.\" Hallie smiled. \"Honey, welcome home.\" Elizabeth hugged her daughter while Anita and Amber watched. \"I can't believe it's you.\" Hallie's voice broke slightly. \"Sounds like Annie hasn't seen her mother in years.\" Pongo said curiously. \"I thought it was only eight weeks in human years.\" Perdita replied. \"Oh, she's just been away from her mom so long, it's like she hasn't seen her mother in years.\" Patch covered up. Perdita started to sniff Hallie. Patch jumped in front of Hallie and smiled nervously. \"Perdy?\" Anita looked concerned to her dog. Perdita knew that Hallie wasn't Annie as she couldn't tell if she was a dog person. Patch stood in front of Hallie. \"This isn't Annie James, is it?\" Perdita firmly asked her son. \"Oh, Mother, don't be ridiculous, that's absolutely-\" Patch was about to lie until he found he couldn't lie to his own mother, then bowed his head and gave in. \"No, ma'am.\" \"Then who is this girl? And why does she look like Annie, but have a different scent?\" Perdita asked. Patch sighed. \"This is Hallie, Annie's twin sister.\" \"Annie has a twin sister?\" Perdita asked in surprise. \"It's a long story, Mother.\" Patch sighed. \"Well then, you better tell us about it later.\" Pongo said. \"Yes, Dad, I will.\" Patch promised. Patch, Perdita, and Pongo then watched as Hallie and Elizabeth continued to hug. Roger came to meet Amber as Elizabeth decided they should have some tea to talk about the summer camp experience. \"They seem to be getting along.\" Patch whispered. \"I've become a music teacher for the local school,\" Roger told Amber. \"If you'd like, I could teach you.\" \"I'll have to see about it when I come over next summer, Uncle Roger.\" Amber smiled. \"That sounds perfect.\" Roger said. Amber smiled back. \"So, how was camp?\" Elizabeth asked. \"Did you all make friends? Was the food okay?\" Martin came in and knocked on the wall which made them all look to him. \"Oh, Martin.\" Anita smiled to her friend's butler. \"I found a stowaway in your suitcase.\" Martin took out a familiar stuffed animal. \"Uh-oh.\" Patch whispered. \"Oh, my God, Cubby...\" Hallie whispered. \"Cubby?\" Elizabeth asked curiously. \"We better think of an excuse, quick.\" Patch whispered to Amber. \"Erm... It's mine,\" Amber spoke up as she walked over to Martin and took the stuffed animal. \"I must've put him in Annie's bag by accident... I mean, I can't imagine spending the night away from home without him, let alone in another country.\" \"Uh, y-yes, she must have accidentally put him in my bag.\" Hallie smiled nervously. \"I'll take care of him, I'm so sorry about that, Annie.\" Amber said as she came with the stuffed animal. \"I don't believe I've seen you with that toy before, Amber.\" Anita commented. \"Indeed.\" Roger agreed. \"Oh, um, I guess I forgot to introduce you both to him.\" Amber smiled nervously. \"That will be all, Martin.\" Hallie said to the butler. The telephone then rang and Elizabeth went to answer it. \"Excuse me, luvs.\" Elizabeth told Roger and Anita and answered her phone. Hallie began to look around her mother's stuff. Amber then handed Cubby to Hallie, knowing that she must've really wanted him right now. After a short while, Elizabeth looked over to Hallie. \"Annie, would you hate very much running down to the studio with me?\" she then asked while putting the phone down for a moment. \"No, I'd love it!\" Hallie smiled in excitement. \"Do you mind having some company?\" Amber smiled. \"I think that's a marvelous idea.\" Elizabeth approved. Amber and Hallie then smiled to each other. \"This is working out better than we planned.\" Patch whispered. Hallie, Amber, Elizabeth, and Anita then took their leave. Roger decided to walk the dogs. Patch began to whine as he wanted to go with the girls. \"What is it, Patch?\" Roger asked. Patch pointed to the girls with a small whine. '\"You wanna go with Amber and Annie?\" Roger asked. Patch nodded. Roger then bent down and took the leash off his collar. \"Very well.\" Patch smiled as he then rushed off to the girls. \"Hey, look who decided to join us.\" Amber smiled once she looked back to see who was coming with them. Patch jumped up with a pant. Amber giggled and hugged the puppy. \"Come on, right this way, boy.\" \"Looks like the little chap didn't want to miss a thing.\" Elizabeth smiled. \"That's Patch for ya, he's the most adventurous puppy of Perdy's.\" Anita smiled back to her friend. Patch nodded in agreement. \"Come along then, Patch.\" Elizabeth invited. Patch smiled as he would see how Elizabeth did her work. Hallie held Elizabeth's hand as they ran across the street to the shop. \"Ooh.\" Amber smiled. \"Wow!\" Hallie beamed at a dress in the display window. \"That's incredible!\" \"Yeah!\" Amber beamed. \"Thanks.\" Elizabeth smiled. \"You designed that?\" Hallie asked. \"I had to do something while you were at camp,\" Elizabeth replied. \"You don't think it's too...?\" \"No, it's gorgeous, I love it!\" Hallie insisted. \"You know who would look very beautiful in that gown?\" \"Who?\" Elizabeth asked. \"You.\" Amber and Hallie smiled. Patch nodded with a bark. \"Me?\" Elizabeth replied. \"You know, I think that time change has made you a little loopy. Come on, let's see what all the fuss is about.\" \"Yeah.\" Anita smiled. Elizabeth and Anita walked in first. A model was in a dress with gloves and Elizabeth went to go see the women who were fitting the model. 'Looks like they're getting this woman ready for a wedding.' Patch thought to himself. \"Don't you have any ideas for the veil?\" Anita asked. \"We don't know what to do for it.\" the model frowned. Patch soon looked at some hats and where one of them caught his eye not to chew on, but as in as a part for the wedding dress. Hallie smiled in admiration as she saw Elizabeth was basically in charge of this fashion world. Patch continued to try to get a white hat while trying to not use his magic. Elizabeth then looked down and took the hat from his mouth. Patch then smiled as he looked up to them. \"Excellent choice, boy.\" Elizabeth smiled to Patch as she liked the white hat with the veil. Patch smiled up at her as he was happy that he got to help. Elizabeth gave directions while Anita snapped photos. \"My mom is too cool.\" Hallie smiled. \"You can say that again.\" Amber smiled back in agreement. The model had fun taking pictures and Amber, Hallie, and Patch began to join in on the photos. And where they seemed to have lot of fun. \"So, Ms. Parker, designing all these wedding gowns,\" Amber spoke up after the photo shoot. \"Does it ever make you think about getting married again?\" \"Or at least think about the 'F' word?\" Hallie added in, using the accent. \"The F word?!\" Elizabeth and Anita replied in slight shock. \"My father.\" Hallie replied, meaning that and not the bad one. \"Yeah.\" Amber nodded. \"Oh, that F word...\" Elizabeth chuckled sheepishly. \"Well, no, actually it doesn't because I didn't even wear a wedding gown when I married the 'F' word.\" \"Oh, Elizabeth, are you sure you wanna tell her this?\" Anita asked. \"She's almost a teenager, she might as well learn now.\" Elizabeth replied. \"She's right, Aunt Anita.\" Amber smiled. \"Why didn't you marry him?\" Hallie asked her mother about her father. \"Why the sudden curiosity about your dad, huh?\" Elizabeth asked back. \"Can you blame her for being curious?\" Amber asked. \"Oh, perhaps they're right, Elizabeth,\" Anita agreed. \"Surely you should've seen this coming.\" \"At least tell me what he was like.\" Hallie pleaded. \"Okay...\" Elizabeth gave in with a smile. \"He was quite lovely to tell you the truth. When we met, he was... Actually entirely lovely. All right?\" \"Alright, so did you meet in London?\" Hallie asked. \"We met on the Q2.\" Elizbeth replied. \"What's that?\" Amber asked. \"Queen Elizabeth II,\" Elizabeth explained. \"It's an ocean liner that sails from London to New York. I wasn't too keen on flying and neither was Annie's father. We met our very first night on board the ship, actually. We were seated next to each other at dinner. He's an American, you know.\" \"No kidding.\" Hallie replied as if she didn't know. \"Yeah, we never knew.\" Amber said. \"So, was it love at first sight?\" Hallie asked. \"I knew you were going to ask me those questions one day,\" Elizabeth giggled as she took out an umbrella once it started to rain. \"Taxi!\" \"Dear old Dad...\" Hallie sighed. \"I wonder what he's doing at this very moment?\"[Chapter 8] Meanwhile at the California airport... Darla yawned and stretched. \"Phew! I feel like I've been on that plane all my life.\" \"Do you see Hallie's father?\" Maisy asked from the bag. Darla rubbed her eyes and looked out the window. \"Not right now, maybe when we go out into the airport.\" They then left the plane and came out with the people in California. \"Oh, gosh, it's him...\" Annie whispered in shock once she caught a look at her father. \"That must be him.\" Darla smiled. \"Hey, Hal!\" Nick smiled. \"Welcome home, kiddo!\" Annie ran over to hug her father for the first time in her whole entire life. Darla soon rushed over so she could meet Nick. \"Get in these arms, ya little punk.\" Nick smiled. Annie laughed and then hugged him. \"Can I come out now?\" Maisy asked. Darla opened her bag all the way. Maisy the poked her head out and took a breath. \"Phew!\" They soon got to Nick. \"Oh, is this Macy?\" Nick asked. \"Maisy,\" Darla corrected. \"And yes, she's my kitten.\" \"Let's just hope Sammy won't mind.\" Nick chuckled. \"I'm sure he won't mind.\" Annie said. \"Nice to meet you, Mr. Parker.\" Darla shook hands with Nick. \"Nice to meet you too, Darla.\" Nick smiled. Annie and Darla were in the back-seat as Nick was now driving them back to the house. \"This is so exciting.\" Maisy whispered. Darla looked out the window as they were on the way over to the Parker residence. Maisy looked out as well and where she was amazed by the sights. \"Man, I never saw this side of California before.\" Darla said as she held Maisy close. \"Yep... Home sweet home.\" Annie chuckled sheepishly, trying to use an American accent the best that she could. Darla gave her a thumbs up as Annie's American accent was perfect. Annie gave a thumb's up back, feeling glad that she was able to pull it off. \"I hope you had a lousy time at camp because you are never going back.\" Nick teased his daughter, obviously not meaning that. 'He truly is acting like a good dad.' Maisy thought to herself. Nick and Annie were talking like a normal conversation. After a while, they finally got to the Parker residence. \"Oh, my God!\" Annie replied as they were pulling up to the driveway. \"Now you're starting to sound like your old self.\" Nick chuckled as Annie's hospitality was taking over Hallie's usual direct tomboy nature. \"It's amazing.\" Darla smiled. \"I hope you like it, Darla.\" Nick smiled back to his guest for the next week or so. \"I'm sure me and Maisy will.\" Darla said. Nick pulled up and allowed the girls to then come out. \"Be careful with your words...\" Darla whispered to Annie. \"You've been a bit too proper lately.\" \"Can't help it...\" Annie whispered back. \"Well, we'll have to see how it'll go.\" Maisy whispered. Darla and Annie nodded as they were on their way in the house. \"Oh, I just hope this dog doesn't chase me...\" Maisy whispered to herself, referring to the Parker family pet: Sammy. They soon went up to the Parker residence. There was barking heard from the balcony. \"Hello, gorgeous!\" a middle-aged woman ran over and hugged Annie nice and tight. \"Oh, look at you, you grew... Oh, we missed you so much!\" Darla smiled as she walked with Maisy. \"She seems nice.\" Maisy whispered. \"Hello.\" Darla waved. \"Oh, you must be Darla,\" the woman smiled. \"I'm sure Hal's told ya all about me, the name's Chessy.\" \"Hi, Ms. Chessy.\" Darla shook hands with the woman. Maisy soon came out of Darla's bag with a mew. \"Oh, and who do we have here?\" Chessy greeted. \"This is Maisy, my kitten, I hope no one's allergic.\" Darla smiled. \"Nope, no one around here is allergic to cats.\" Chessy smiled. \"Good.\" Darla smiled back. \"Now, Hallie, don't let these bums talk you out of, going back to camp,\" Chessy advised with a smile. \"You're a growing girl. You need adventure. You hungry? I made cornbread and chili. Why're you so quiet? What's wrong?\" \"Nothing, I'm just so happy to be home.\" Annie finally said. \"Hey, did I hear someone say cornbread and chili?\" Nick smiled as he walked by, carrying Hallie's bag. \"Yeah, it's on the stove.\" Chessy nodded to him. Maisy looked like she would want to have some cornbread. Chessy put her arm around Annie and walked inside with her. Darla and Maisy decided to follow them. \"Hope ya like chili, Darla.\" Chessy said. \"Just as long as it isn't too spicy.\" Darla nodded. \"Don't worry, it's not.\" Chessy smiled. Annie smiled. \"Something's about you changed...\" Chessy observed her. \"Really? Well, it's just the same old me... Honest!\" Annie replied before putting her hand behind her back and crossing her fingers. \"Yep.\" Darla nodded. There was then barking heard. \"Oh, that must be Sammy.\" Darla said. Maisy was nervous since Sammy was a big dog, but she did her best to keep calm. A golden retriever soon came over to them. \"Hi, Sammy!\" Annie beamed to the dog. \"Stranger!\" Sammy barked aggressively. \"You're not Hallie!\" \"What is wrong with you, you goofball?\" Chessy glanced at Sammy like he was the odd one out. \"It's Hallie!\" \"Maybe I should speak to him.\" Maisy whispered before going over to the gold retriever. Darla nodded to her kitten as she then went inside the house with Annie. \"What's the matter with you?\" Chessy pet Sammy before going in the house. \"It's like you didn't even recognize her.\" \"That isn't my Hallie!\" Sammy barked, but Chessy of course, could not understand him. \"Wow, it's even better than the pictures.\" Annie whispered as she looked around the house. \"Sammy, I know that you know that isn't Hallie, but you need to know that the one you were barking at was her twin sister, Annie.\" Maisy said. \"Hallie doesn't have a sister.\" Sammy snarled. \"I know this is strange, but this is between us.\" Maisy said before explaining what happened at summer camp between Annie and Hallie while Chessy went inside with Darla and Annie. \"This house is amazing.\" Darla smiled. \"Okay, kiddo,\" Chessy said as she came into the room. \"Whatya wanna do first, girls? You wanna eat and then unpack, or, uh, we could unpack and then eat, or we could eat while we unpack.\" \"You mean I can eat in my room?\" Annie asked as though she never heard of such a thing. \"I'd say it's a definite possibility.\" Chessy chuckled. \"Cool.\" Darla smiled. \"Hey, Hal, when you're done, come in the back,\" Nick came by with a bowl in his hands as he ate the food already. \"There's someone I want you to meet.\" \"Okay, Dad.\" Annie smiled. \"Okay, Hal.\" Nick smiled back and went back outside. There was a young woman with blonde hair, a floppy black hat, and a white gown who was in the backyard with Nick. \"Who is that?\" Darla asked. Annie shrugged obviously, luckily she didn't need to right now. Chessy and Annie went up to Hallie's room to unpack. \"She looks familiar, and yet, so unfamiliar...\" Darla wondered about the blonde woman. \"Do you think she's a family member you never met?\" Maisy asked. \"I'm not sure...\" Darla replied. \"Um, Chessy, who's that lady that's with Hallie's dad?\" she then asked. \"Her name's Meredith Blake,\" Chessy replied. \"She's a publicist from San Francisco. Hallie's dad hired her at the beginning of the summer to do some publicity for the vineyard and if you ask me, she's done a better job selling herself than the grapes.\" \"You think she's interested in getting married to him?\" Darla asked. \"Well, I'll tell you one thing, she's got Nick eating out of the palm of her hand,\" Chessy replied metaphorically. \"She could give Sharon Stone femme fatal lessons.\" \"I guess they do everything together then.\" Darla put her hands together. \"Yeah.\" Annie said in agreement. \"They ride together, they swim together, they're out to dinner every night.\" Chessy told them. Annie took out a camera and began to spy on Meredith and Nick. \"Sounds like they're dating.\" Darla said as she spied on Nick and Meredith as well. \"You both can go down and meet her for yourself,\" Chessy replied. \"Don't let me influence you.\" \"Why do you think Meredith is dating Hallie's father?\" Darla asked. \"That I can't answer, something about her bothers me though.\" Chessy replied. \"She must be evil then.\" Darla said. \"Oh, I wouldn't say evil...\" Chessy said. \"I would.\" Maisy said under her breath. \"How rich is Hallie's father?\" Darla asked. \"You have a lot of questions for a guest.\" Chessy chuckled. \"Oh, I'm just curious...\" Darla smiled sheepishly. Chessy then remembered something about Nick. Darla stood with Annie before narrowing her eyes slightly. \"Actually, Meredith just might be only after Hallie's fathers money.\" Chessy said. \"You think so?\" Darla asked. \"I've seen people like her before...\" Chessy nodded. \"What should we do?\" Annie asked Darla. \"Go swimming.\" Darla suggested, wanting to confront Meredith. \"Agreed and get her the wrong idea of Dad.\" Annie said. Darla nodded as she then shook hands with Annie. Chessy continued to help the girls unpack and they then decided to go the pool.[Chapter 9] After getting on their swimsuits... Annie wore a T-Shirt over her swimsuit as they came outside while Maisy obviously stayed inside to avoid the water. \"Girls, this is Meredith Blake.\" Nick introduced the woman to his daughter and her friend. \"Hello, Miss Blake.\" Darla greeted. \"Hi, wow, I can't believe I'm finally meeting the famous Hallie,\" Meredith smiled to Hallie. \"I've looked forward to this all summer and this must be your friend.\" \"Darla Fudo.\" Darla held out her tiny hand. \"It's so nice to meet you.\" Meredith said while shaking her hand. Darla shook her hand back as she looked into the woman's grey-blue eyes. Meredith then smiled to Annie. \"Oh, Nicky, she's adorable.\" Annie forced herself to smile. \"You know, the way your father talked about you, I expected to meet a little girl, but you and your friend are so grown-up.\" Meredith cooed. \"I'll be twelve soon,\" Annie replied. \"How old are you?\" Meredith chuckled before answering. \"26.\" \"Impressive.\" Darla said. \"Only fifteen years older than me,\" Annie said. \"How old are you again, Dad?\" \"Wow, suddenly you're so interested in Math,\" Nick smiled nervously. \"Look, I'm gonna go inside, I'm gonna get some more chili and maybe a bottle of champagne to celebrate.\" \"What are we celebrating?\" Darla asked. Meredith looked to her. \"Why, Hallie's homecoming of course.\" she then said like it was obvious. \"Be right back.\" Nick smiled as he then went to get that chili and champagne. Meredith's cell phone then started to ring and she answered it. Darla and Annie soon got in the pool. Annie took off the T-Shirt and stuck her feet into the water as Meredith talked with Reverend Moseby, but she seemed to be lying about Nick over the phone. \"She sounds like she's lying,\" Darla said to herself as she was a little nervous about swimming in the water, but put one foot in and settled down as she got used to it quickly and her legs didn't change since this wasn't ocean water. \"Whew.\" Annie looked to her curiously. \"Uh, this water has purified chlorine.\" Darla smiled sheepishly. \"Yeah.\" Annie said, slightly confused. \"Oh, yes, I am writing it all down...\" Meredith said on the phone, but wasn't even doing anything like she said she was. \"Okay, while it all sounds very worthwhile, but unfortunately, I see Mr. Parker is going to be out of the country on those days. Yes, absolutely, I will be there to mention it to him. Thank you!\" she then hung up and smiled to the girls. \"So, how was camp, girls? Was it fabulous?\" \"Hallie's dad is going out of the country?\" Darla asked. \"Oh, no,\" Meredith replied with a small giggle. \"I just had to tell a little white lie to get him out of something.\" \"Ohh.\" Darla smiled. \"You know, Hallie,\" Meredith then said to Annie. \"I've never met a man who talks about his daughter the way Nicky talks about you. You two are obviously, incredibly close.\" \"Well, you know, we're closer than close,\" Annie stood up with a small smirk. \"We're all each other has...\" she then jumped into the pool to purposely splash the blonde woman. \"Oops, did she splash you?\" Darla acted. \"Just a little...\" Meredith forced herself to smile as she took off her hat and dried herself off. Darla hid a giggle at Meredith's misfortune as she then slid into the pool to come beside Annie. \"This is a nice pool.\" she then smiled. \"Hey,\" Meredith walked over to talk directly to Annie. \"Guess what? I went riding with your daddy the other day and he let me ride your horse, I hope that's okay with you.\" \"Oh, sure!\" Annie replied as Darla helped her into the inner tube. \"Sprout's used to strange women riding her. Not that you're strange or anything. Actually, compared to the others, you're relatively normal.\" \"Others?\" Meredith replied. \"What others?\" \"Oh, surely you know...\" Darla played along with Annie. \"Hal's told me everything. I couldn't blame you for wondering if I were number... What was it?\" she then looked to Annie. \"28 or 29?\" \"I believe 29 if you count Meredith.\" Annie nodded. \"Ohh, yeah.\" Darla nodded. \"I'm number 29?\" Meredith asked them. \"Yeah...\" Annie sighed. \"It's always the same routine. Horseback riding, the vineyards, romantic dinners with his special reserved labeled wine, moonlight swims...\" \"Yep.\" Darla nodded in agreement. \"Well, here we are,\" Nick walked by with two glasses and a bottle. \"A bottle of my special reserve label. So, did you girls find something to talk about while I was gone?\" Darla and Annie soon went underwater. \"Does that mean 'yes'?\" Nick asked. \"It most certainly does.\" Meredith said. Darla and Annie did not trust Meredith one bit. Not one bit at all.[Chapter 10] After a while... \"We have to tell Hallie.\" Darla said as she was in her pajamas and it was night now in California. \"Agreed.\" Annie nodded. Darla then dried her hair as it dripped water on the floor. After drying off, they soon called Annie's house. In London... It was about time for breakfast. \"You sleep okay?\" Amber asked Hallie when it was just the two of them. \"Yeah, Cubby really helps.\" Hallie smiled. \"Well, I'm happy that you got to sleep okay.\" Amber smiled back. \"James residence...\" Martin answered the phone as the girls walked by. \"Annie?\" \"Yes, Mawtin?\" Hallie replied, using her accent then. \"Oh, dear, it sounded just like you on the phone.\" Martin replied, looking to her in surprise. 'Must be Annie calling for Hallie.' Amber thought to herself. \"A Mildred Plotka for you,\" Martin handed the phone. \"Sounds like your twin.\" \"My twin? Very funny!\" Hallie forced a laugh as she took the phone. \"Her twin, oh, please, Martin; Annie doesn't have a twin.\" Amber smiled nervously. Martin then shrugged and went off. Hallie held out the phone a little so she and Amber could both talk to Annie and Darla on the phone. \"We can't do that,\" Amber warned Hallie. \"Someone might see us.\" Hallie looked behind them. \"Let's go in the closet!\" \"Yeah.\" Amber nodded. Halie and Amber then went in the closet, taking the phone with them. \"Okay, now we can talk.\" Hallie then said, using her American accent. \"Girls, you won't believe how amazing she is.\" Amber smiled. \"Oh, my God, Mom's incredible,\" Hallie added in. \"I can not believe I've lived my. entire life without knowing her. She's beautiful and fun and smart and I love the gowns she designs and I got her talking about how she and Dad first met and what happened between them and if you ask me-\" \"Hallie, stop; change in plans, you're gonna have to bring your mom here right away.\" Darla said. \"Right away?\" Hallie repeated. \"Are you nuts? I've had one day with her. I'm just getting to know her. I can't. I refuse.\" \"But your dad's in love!\" Darla replied like that was a bad thing. \"Get out of here,\" Hallie laughed. \"Dad doesn't fall in love.\" \"Oh, trust me, Hal, she's serious.\" Annie said. \"He's always holding her hand, kissing her neck, and waiting on her hand and foot.\" Darla added in. \"She is?\" Amber and Hallie asked. \"It's disgusting...\" Darla and Annie grunted. Hallie soon found a candy wrapper and knew what to do with it. \"Come on, guys, we need your help.\" Darla begged and pleaded. \"We'll you guys will just have to break them up...\" Hallie shrugged. \"Sabotage them, do whatever you have to do.\" \"Yeah.\" Amber nodded. \"We're trying, but we're at a slight disadvantage; I only met the man twelve hours ago,\" Annie warned. \"You've got to get back here to help me.\" \"Guys, we can't,\" Hallie said before wrinkling the candy wrapped over the phone to make it sound like static. \"I want to spend more time with Mom and Amber wants to spend more time with her aunt.\" \"What's that sound?\" Darla asked as she heard something over the phone. \"Guys, are you still there?\" Hallie pretended she couldn't hear them. \"I can barely hear you guys!\" \"Hallie, what're you doing?!\" Amber's eyes widened. \"Operator, operator!\" Hallie replied. \"Sorry, I think we lost ya guys.\" \"Hallie!\" Amber glared. \"Thanks for your help, Hal.\" Annie firmly pouted before hanging up the phone with Darla. \"Hallie, why did you do that?\" Amber asked. \"It's just business, Amber...\" Hallie shrugged innocently before coming out of the closet with her. And where they saw Elizabeth and the others outside of the closet. \"Heh... Had a phone call...\" Hallie smiled nervously. \"It's an old camp tradition...Talk to your best friend from inside a closet... Kinda stupid, I know but...\" Amber then took the phone and put it back on the stand with a nervous smile. \"Breakfast, anyone?\" Patch glanced at them, then looked out the window before beaming and then ran out the front door. \"Patch!\" Pongo and Perdita cried out. Patch ran down the street and ran into a familiar young puppy. \"Uncle Patch?!\" Oddball smiled. \"Oddball.\" Patch smiled back. Oddball and Patch nuzzled. \"What're you doing here?\" Patch asked. \"Visiting Domino.\" Oddball smiled, then looked to her brother who was at the end with Dottie and Dipstick who were now talking with Coco and Beamer while Domino looked bored of the adult dogs talking. \"Looks like your brother could use some excitement.\" Patch said. \"Domino, over here!\" Oddball called. Domino turned over and 'escaped' his parents and great-aunt and great-uncle. He then looked up to Patch with an excited smile. \"Uncle Patch!\" \"Hey there, Domino.\" Patch smiled. \"Long time no see, Uncle Patch.\" Domino smiled back. \"How's your parents?\" Patch asked since Dipstick was his brother after all and Dottie was his cousin. \"Oh, same old, same old...\" Domino shrugged. \"A little lonely though since I'm the only puppy in the house.\" \"Well, maybe Annie could adopt you.\" Patch said. \"Annie?\" Domino tilted his head. \"Patch, where'd you go?\" Amber's voice called out. \"It's time for breakfast!\" \"I'm coming, Amber!\" Patch called out. Oddball and Domino pouted. Patch nuzzled against his niece and nephew. \"Stay out of trouble.\" \"We will.\" Oddball and Domino promised. Domino decided to follow Patch however, without him noticing. Oddball was about to go back to their parents and great-aunt and great-uncle until she saw her brother. \"Dom-\" \"Shh.\" Domino shushed her. Domino soon went up to one of the windows to see a nice family inside. Back in California... It was time for breakfast there and Chessy served Hallie's favorite: Sunny side up eggs, bacon, toast, and a stack of humongous chocolate chip pancakes. \"Mm.\" Darla smiled. \"Thanks, Chessy.\" Annie replied, though didn't sound too interested in eating the breakfast. \"How are you not interested in this food?\" Darla whispered. \"It's too much and not like home...\" Annie replied with a frown. Chessy got worried about Annie not eating since Hallie had a big appetite. \"Not hungry again? You hardly ate your chili, your favorite food and now you're not eating your breakfast,\" she then put her hand on the redheaded girl's forehead. \"You're not sick, are you?\" \"I'm fine, I promise.\" Annie replied. \"She just doesn't seem to be hungry.\" Darla said. \"Hmm...\" Chessy hummed. \"Where's Dad?\" Annie changed the subject. \"He and Miss 'I'll-Just-Have-Half-A-Grapefruit-Thank-You' left about an hour ago,\" Chessy replied. \"You guys overslept and he didn't wanna wake you. Of course, I'd oversleep too if I was up at midnight making mysterious phone calls from my bathroom.\" 'Oh, crud.' Darla thought to herself. \"Oh, that,\" Annie replied nervously. \"We were calling an old friend from camp, Mildred. She lives in New York.\" \"Oh, I see and you wanted to call Mildred at a time that was convenient for her because of the time difference.\" Chessy replied. \"Precisely!\" Darla smiled nervously. \"Uh-huh, so you guys waited until it was 3:00 in the morning her time,\" Chessy folded her arms then. \"That makes perfect sense.\" 'Uh-oh...' Darla thought to herself. \"Actually, it was 7:00 at night her time,\" Annie quickly covered up. \"You see she lives in New York, but she was on vacation with her family in Bora Bora...\" she then took a bite of the bacon with a nervous smile. \"Very smooth,\" Chessy replied. \"Hallie, your dad wants you to go over to his office as soon as you're done with breakfast.\" \"Mind if I join them?\" Darla asked. \"It's up to him, but I'm sure he'd like the company.\" Chessy shrugged. Darla was about to eat the chocolate pancakes since Annie wasn't going to, but shoved the bacon in her mouth and grabbed the blonde girl by the hand. \"Done!\" Annie called. \"Wait!\" Darla yelped as she was actually quite hungry. Sammy growled at Annie, unable to resist since he didn't know her. \"Sammy, will you please calm down?\" Maisy said. \"That dog has gotten so weird! Bye, Chessy, thanks again for breakfast. It was great.\" Annie said nervously. \"Speak for yourself.\" Darla deadpanned. Annie then tried to pull on the door, but it wouldn't open which only made Darla face-palm. \"Push, Hal!\" Chessy called. Annie then pushed on the door and it opened. \"Right... I forgot...\" she smiled nervously before going off with Darla to meet Nick. \"You couldn't have waited for me to get something to eat first?\" Darla asked. \"She was making me nervous, what could I do?\" Annie replied. \"Let me eat!\" Darla pouted as she held her stomach. \"Thanks to you, I'm starving.\" \"Sorry.\" Annie said. Darla narrowed her eyes. \"I am not pleasant when I'm hungry...\" \"Come on, let's just go see Dad.\" Annie walked ahead of her. Maisy came by with a plastic bag filled with the breakfast leftovers. Darla smiled to her, petted her, and ate it. \"Thanks, girl.\" \"No problem.\" Maisy smiled. Darla then munched on the breakfast as she followed Annie to the vineyards. \"Hopefully Hallie's dad doesn't mind the company.\" Maisy whispered.[Chapter 11] \"I'm gonna ask Dad after my mum.\" Annie said to Darla. \"Great.\" Darla said. Annie nodded as they walked along. Darla popped her fingers in her mouth as she had bacon grease leftover. \"Mm, delicious.\" Darla smiled. \"Wow, you were hungry.\" Annie said. \"Uh, duh...\" Darla smirked. \"This isn't baby fat ya know.\" \"Oh, right.\" Annie said. Darla kept eating the breakfast leftovers as they were on the way to see Nick. And where Nick would have something to tell Annie who he thought was Hallie. \"Honey, I'm glad you're here, there's something really important I want to talk to you about.\" Nick hugged his daughter. \"Well, there is something really important I want to talk to you about.\" Annie said. \"Okay, you go first.\" Nick replied. \"Uh, no you...\" Annie replied back. \"Yeah.\" Darla agreed. \"Okay, I want to talk to you about Meredith.\" Nick said. \"And I want to talk to you about my mother,\" Annie replied, but then stopped once she realized what he said. \"What about Meredith?\" \"W-W-What about your mother?\" Nick then asked, surprised of that request. \"Well, she's just curious.\" Darla said. \"Dad, I'm almost twelve, how long do you expect me to buy that story that The Stork dropped me on your doorstep?\" Annie continued. \"I was adopted,\" Darla spoke up. \"I usually think about my natural family even though I really love my new family.\" \"That's great that you love them, Darla.\" Nick said. \"So, about my mother?\" Annie reminded. \"Oh, Hal...\" Nick sighed. \"We've talked about your mother.\" \"No we haven't,\" Annie replied \"Not really. A girl needs more in life than half of a crumpled old photograph. Dad, I'm almost a teenager, face it, I need a mother.\" \"Yeah and she means a real mother one that loves her and understands her.\" Darla said. \"You know what? You're both right,\" Nick nodded. \"You're both absolutely right. Which brings me to-\" Meredith was in a black gown this time and was riding in a golf cart with a sharply dressed man. \"Meredith!\" Nick smiled. \"It's as if she came here right on cue.\" Darla said with narrowed eyes. \"Of course.\" Annie nearly deadpanned. \"Hello there, girls,\" Meredith smiled. \"Girls, this is my assistant, Richard. Richard, this is Nick's daughter, the one I've been telling you so much about, and this is her friend from camp, I think, Dolly.\" \"Darla.\" Darla narrowed her eyes even more. \"Hello there.\" Richard smiled to the girls. \"Hi.\" Darla and Annie forced smiles back. 'I can't believe that she had to be here.' Darla thought to herself. \"Hey, if you're free later, why don't we all have lunch on the terrace?\" Meredith asked Nick. \"Actually, I promised Hal we'd hang out together this afternoon.\" Nick said as he put his arm around his daughter who then smiled in return. \"Uh, shoo shoo.\" Darla smirked while waving her tiny hand away. \"I'm going, I'm going.\" Meredith said. She then promised to see them later at dinner. \"You don't mind if we have some alone time together, do you?\" Nick asked Darla. \"No, no, I'll just catch up with my family and spend some time with Maisy.\" Darla replied. \"See Dad? She doesn't mind.\" Annie said. \"Well, okay.\" Nick smiled. 'Anything than being with that woman...' Darla rolled her eyes about Meredith. Nick and Annie soon went horse-back riding while Darla was in the living room with her kitten. \"I think Chessy is catching on,\" Maisy said. \"She seems really suspicious of Hallie.\" \"Uh-oh...\" Darla frowned. \"What do we do?\" Maisy asked. Darla sighed. \"I'd hate to get Annie in trouble, but... I think Chessy needs to find out the truth.\" \"Yeah, but how?\" Maisy asked. \"I'm not sure...\" Darla sighed, she then heard the phone ring. Chessy answered it and then gave it to Darla as it was for her. \"Hello?\" Darla answered the phone. 'Darla, is something wrong?' Atticus's voice asked which made Darla instantly nervous. 'Because my big brother senses feel trouble.' \"Um, well...\" Darla said. 'If you need me; I can be there in a flash.' Atticus's voice said. Darla sighed. \"It's a long story.\" Atticus could tell something was wrong then. 'Darla, tell your big brother what you need.' \"Can you keep a secret?\" Darla asked nervously. 'Yes,' Atticus said. 'And I'll be there right away.' \"No, wait, you don't have to come-\" Darla started. Atticus put the phone down and looked to Mo and Cherry. \"You guys wanna go to California?\" \"As long as I'm out of the sun.\" Cherry said. \"I just love your big brother instincts~\" Mo purred. \"It's so sexy~\" \"Mo, I'm right here!\" Cherry cringed. Atticus soon teleported himself Mo and Cherry to California and they appeared in the Parker residence. Darla blinked as she looked to them with a nervous smile. Cherry then took the phone and hung it up. \"How's it going, Dimples?\" \"What's wrong, Darla; is there anything going on that you need our help?\" Mo asked. Darla sighed before taking a deep breath and telling them everything that had happened since summer camp up until this point. \"Sounds like you only need one of us then, well, I'll be going then, see ya.\" Cherry said. \"Gee thanks for helping my little sister, Cherry...\" Atticus deadpanned. \"She doesn't like me...\" Darla pouted. Cherry groaned before stopping and then going back over to them. Atticus hugged Darla. \"This is a grown up move, but you shouldn't have lied.\" \"I know...\" Darla sighed. \"Young lady, are you gonna have to be visited by the Lie Fairy?\" Cherry smirked. \"Lie Fairy?\" Mo asked. \"'When little boys and girls tell little white lies, the Lie Fairy comes'.\" Cherry recited. \"What was that?\" Darla asked. \"You heard me.\" Cherry replied. Darla looked lost. \"We heard it somewhere growing up...\" Atticus shrugged. \"I've never heard of such a fairy.\" Darla said. \"It's okay, kid, same with me.\" Mo soothed. \"Chessy is getting suspicious already,\" Maisy said. \"I've tried to calm Sammy down, but he refuses to believe that Annie is Hallie.\" \"Looks like he'll need to be told that Annie is Hallie's twin sister.\" Atticus said. \"We can't!\" Darla frowned. \"Not now! Not yet!\" \"Darla, what have we always taught you?\" Atticus prompted. Darla sighed. \"The truth will set you free.\" \"So we have to tell Sammy and Chessy.\" Mo said. Darla soon saw Annie running back to the house. \"This can't be good...\" she said, then went to see her friend. \"She'll be right back.\" Maisy said to the others for Darla. Annie ran right inside. \"Annie, what's wrong?\" Darla asked. \"I just can't...\" Annie sighed, speaking in her English accent. \"I'm in so over my head here. I can't handle this alone. I just can't. I'm only one kid.\" \"Well, you won't have to worry about doing this on your own.\" Atticus said. \"You all want to clear me up on what's going on?\" Chessy asked as she appeared to be sitting in one of the chairs. Annie gasped and put her hand on her chest. \"Oh, Chessy, you gave me a fright.\" \"I gave you a fright?\" Chessy eyed Annie strangely for that choice of words. \"She means you startled her.\" Mo said. \"You're sure there's nothing you wanna talk to me about, Hal?\" Chessy quizzed Annie as she sounded like an interrogator now. \"Like maybe why Sammy never comes near you anymore or why your appetite's suddenly changed or why all of a sudden you're neat as a pin and using expressions like, 'You gave me a fright'...\" \"Chessy, I just changed a lot this summer, that's all.\" Annie replied, trying to hide her accent now. \"If I didn't know better, I'd say it's almost as if you were-\" Chessy was about to say until she then shook it off. \"Oh, never mind, that's impossible.\" \"As if she was who?\" Cherry asked. \"Nobody... Nobody...\" Chessy ignored the new company as she was overwhelmed right now. \"Forget I even mentioned it.\" \"Almost as if she were Annie?\" Darla spoke up then, unable to hold it in any much longer. Chessy then stopped suddenly as goosebumps dotted her skin and she turned to the group. \"How do you know about Annie?\" \"Because I told her and where she told them and the reason why I know Annie is because I am Annie.\" Annie said in her English accent. Chessy looked in shock then, unsure what else to say. Atticus hid a smile as he was proud that both girls did tell the truth this time. Nick soon came into the house. \"Why did you take off like this?\" he asked his daughter while trying to catch his breath. \"I told you I wanted to talk to you about something?\" he then noticed how his friend looked emotional towards Annie and Darla. \"Chessy, why are you looking at Hallie like that?\" 'It's because she hasn't seen Annie in years.' Darla thought to herself. Chessy looked broken and she then hugged Annie since she hadn't hugged Annie in eleven years. Cherry, Atticus, Mo, and Darla then gestured for Chessy not to say anything just yet. Chessy nodded, understanding. She then went off to make something Annie would like to eat and maybe not as much since Annie didn't eat as much as Hallie. \"So, what did you need to talk to Hallie about, sir?\" Darla asked. \"I want to know what she thinks about making Meredith a part of this family.\" Nick replied. \"Part of our family?\" Annie's face paled. \"Yes.\" Nick nodded. \"Totally, it's like a dream come true,\" Annie agreed. \"I've always wanted a big sister.\" \"Um, I don't think that's what he means.\" Atticus said. \"No, I'm not,\" Annie replied. \"Dad's going to adopt Meredith. That's so sweet.\" \"I'm not going to adopt her, I'm going to marry her.\" Nick replied. \"And her reaction in three... Two... One.\" Mo counted. \"Marry her?!\" Annie yelped. \"Right on cue.\" Mo hid a smirk. Darla pouted for her friend. Poor Annie. Annie started to rant and then started to speak French. Cherry put her hands over her ears, somehow understanding exactly what Annie said. \"Hal, calm down,\" Nick said at first before then realizing what was being said. \"Now you can speak French?!\" \"I taught her.\" Darla quickly input. \"It's true.\" Annie said. Nick looked to her so they could talk about this father to daughter. \"Atticus, my stomach feels funny about this whole trying to trick Mr. Parker...\" Darla said to her big brother. \"It's called guilt, Darla,\" Atticus replied. \"And the only way to get rid of it is to get the pressure off your chest.\" \"But if I tell him the truth then he'll know that Annie isn't Hallie.\" Darla said. \"It's up to you...\" Cherry said. \"That's not fair.\" Darla frowned. \"No one ever said life was gonna be fair.\" Cherry shrugged. Darla sighed as she was learning the hard part of life. \"Why are you doing this to me?\" \"Because we love you, sweetheart...\" Atticus replied. \"You're my little sister and it's my job to make sure you learn what you need to learn to avoid getting hurt.\" \"Fine.\" Darla sighed. Mo patted her on the head gently. \"How do you handle life, Cherry?\" Darla asked the perky goth curiously. \"I always felt like I did something horrible in a past life and this new life is my eternal punishment...\" Cherry narrowed her eyes. \"Seriously?\" Darla asked. \"Can I die now?\" Cherry asked, almost hopefully. \"No.\" Atticus said. \"I hate you...\" Cherry glanced. \"Oh, please, without me, you would be nothing.\" Atticus replied. \"Excuse me?!\" Cherry glared. \"Oh, no...\" Mo gulped. \"Hey, nothing personal, but you wouldn't be the person you are today if it wasn't for me...\" Atticus put his hands up in defense. \"Atticus, please stop talking.\" Mo sighed. \"It's true.\" Atticus said. Cherry roared and lunged out for him and whacked him in the face with a pillow. Darla glanced at the sight oddly. Cherry continued to attack him with the pillow even though the pillow didn't do much damage. Atticus yawned as Cherry kept swatting him with a pillow. Nick was a little worried about 'Hallie's' reaction about him marrying Meredith. \"I don't think she wants you to marry anyone else, sir.\" Darla said. Nick sighed as he then went outside to sulk and Meredith was there to comfort him. \"Atticus, Cherry, I'm sorry, but I just don't trust Meredith Blake.\" Darla told the others. \"It's okay, we don't like her either, she's a gold digger.\" Cherry said. \"Yeah, she's only interested in money.\" Atticus said. \"Gold digger?\" Darla asked. \"It's when a woman only marries a man for his money.\" Mo said. \"Something about that woman seems familiar to me though...\" Darla said. \"I just can't think of from where. My life's a blur up until I was first adopted and became a movie star.\" \"Hmm...\" Atticus hummed before he used his magic and brought out a computer and used it to got some information on Meredith Blake. Cherry and Mo sat on both sides of him. Atticus looked up after seeing one result which would impact Darla's life. \"Apparently, she used to date LB Mammoth.\" \"Wow.\" Mo said. \"Hmm...\" Darla hummed. \"Used for money... Blah blah blah...\" Atticus said, then his eyes widened. \"It says here she's planning on sending Hallie to boarding school.\" \"What?!\" Mo exclaimed. Darla leaned in to see for herself. \"Basically anything to get 'Nicky dear' to herself...\" Atticus rolled his eyes until more info was blocked. \"Cherry, what's your sister's password?\" \"1199.\" Cherry told him. Atticus typed that in and was allowed to gain more access. \"Great, thanks.\" Atticus said. Cherry gave a thumb's up. \"Now let us see how we can get rid of her.\" Atticus said. \"There must be something...\" Darla crossed her arms. \"Even if I have to sabotage.\" \"I think we should talk to her.\" Mo said. \"It's true.\" Atticus said. \"Are we going to be evil?\" Mo smirked eagerly. \"Possibly.\" Cherry said. Mo smirked to Atticus. \"We'll see.\" Atticus smiled. \"Yes!\" Mo grinned darkly. \"Should I be concerned?\" Maisy asked. \"I know I am.\" Darla told her.[Chapter 12] Later on, Meredith and Nick had some alone time and even Chessy was starting to get annoyed by the blonde woman. \"Time to get evil.\" Cherry said. The others nodded. \"Let's get dangerous.\" Cherry smiled viciously. \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded in agreement. Annie sighed as she sulked in her room about her father marrying Meredith which meant her plan with Hallie to reunite their parents had failed and had no chances of getting back together. Darla decided to tell Annie about what Atticus and the others were going to do. \"You would do that?\" Annie asked. \"Of course,\" Darla smiled. \"My brother and his friends are amazing when it comes to making things right in the end.\" \"Well then, I'm happy that they came.\" Annie said. \"So am I,\" Darla smiled. \"They're the best... Especially Atticus, he's a great big brother, I don't know what I'd do without him.\" \"Shall we listen into their conversation with Meredith?\" Annie asked. \"Oh, but eavesdropping is wrong...\" Darla pouted before smirking darkly. \"Let's do it.\" They soon snuck out of Hallie's room and to where Atticus, Cherry, and Mo were going to talk to Meredith at. They listened in as Meredith came in the back to see Nick. Nick was of course worried about his daughter and wondered why she was acting so strange, but Meredith just wanted him to move on and get over it which of course, a true loving and caring father would not do to his own daughter. 'Time to get this woman away from him.' Mo thought to herself. Meredith rang a bell which summoned Chessy. \"You rang?\" Chessy deadpanned. \"Two martinis, please,\" Meredith smiled as she cuddled against Nick. \"And make Mr. Parker's a double.\" \"Ches, please, I'm getting a migraine.\" Nick replied. Chessy hid an eye roll as she then went to get them drinks while Nick told Meredith about him marrying her to 'Hallie'. 'Okay, now should be a good time.' Mo thought to herself. Cherry walked over which made Nick and Meredith yelp once she spoke since they didn't know she was there. \"Hi.\" \"Um, hello, who are you?\" Meredith asked. \"What's going on?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, Hallie's having a tough time...\" Nick sighed. \"Maybe you should just call it off...\" Cherry replied mysteriously. \"There's other fish in the sea.\" \"Excuse me?\" Meredith looked insulted. \"I mean she could be having a hard time accepting Meredith because she has a bad feeling about her.\" Cherry said. Meredith walked up to Cherry and looked her dead in the eye. \"I'm starting to feel like you don't trust me.\" \"That's the nicest thing I do with someone.\" Cherry blinked emotionlessly. \"You don't smile much, do you?\" Meredith asked. \"Why waste facial muscles while you use Botox?\" Cherry retorted. Atticus winced at that, then mimicked a burn sound as Cherry had said that. \"May I please speak to these three for a moment?\" Meredith asked Nick. \"That sounds fine...\" Nick replied. Meredith nodded and then grabbed Cherry's hand and pulled her inside. \"Ooh, nice grip, is this before or after plastic surgery?\" Cherry continued. Atticus and Mo soon went with them. Annie sat with Darla as she continued to sulk about this whole thing of her father marrying Meredith who clearly didn't love him. She soon saw Cherry, Atticus, and Mo with Meredith. \"Can we talk?\" Meredith asked. \"If you have anything to say to An-Erm... Hallie, you can say to me.\" Darla glared. \"No, Darla, it's okay.\" Annie said in her American accent. Darla looked over and decided to let the two have some privacy, though not really as she would eavesdrop. 'Time for Annie to get to know more about Meredith.' Mo thought to herself. \"Guess the news of the engagement came as a bit of a shock, huh?\" Meredith smiled to Annie. \"Basically,\" Annie whispered. \"It would become quite a surprise for anyone.\" \"You know, I remember what it was like to be eleven,\" Meredith said to Annie. \"I had my first beau at eleven. It's a wonderful age. You're starting to feel like a woman and believe it or not, soon, you'll understand what it's like to be in love.\" \"Me?\" Annie scoffed. \"I don't think so. I don't even have my twelve-year-old molars yet.\" \"She's right.\" Darla said. \"Well, take it from someone who got their molars very early in life... Being in love is a fantastic mystery that takes a man and woman on-\" Meredith smiled. 'Is she really going to try to explain about love?' Mo thought to herself. \"I don't mean to be jerky when you're trying to be all mushy and everything, but I know what mystery my dad sees in you.\" Annie interjected. \"You do?\" Meredith asked. \"You're young and beautiful and sexy and hey, the guy's only human,\" Annie replied. But if you ask me, marriage is supposed to be based on something more than just sex, right?\" \"Boy,\" Meredith leaned back, crossing her legs. \"Your father underestimates you.\" \"But you won't,\" Annie folded her arms and crossed her legs with a smirk. \"Will you, Meredith?\" \"And we know more about who you are, Meredith Blake.\" Atticus smirked. \"Oh, and is being beautiful and young a crime?\" Meredith replied. \"And for your '411', I adore Hallie's father. He's exactly the kind of man I always planned on marrying. This is the real deal, honey and nothing you do is going to come between as. The reality is, angel, you are no longer the only girl in Nick Parker's life,\" she then mocked Annie. \"Get over it.\" \"That's it, she dies!\" Cherry growled, but Atticus and Mo held her back. \"So then I guess his money has nothing to do with you wanting to marry him?\" Atticus smirked at Meredith. \"Okay, brats,\" Meredith glared as she leaned forward, not even acting nice and sweet this time which was clearly fake. \"You all listen and you listen good, I am marrying Hallie's father in two weeks whether you all like it or not. So I suggest you all don't tangle with me anymore. You're all in way over your heads, is that clear?\" \"Crystal.\" Atticus, Mo, Cherry, and Darla said. Annie then nodded in agreement. Later on, Annie and Darla were going to send a fax to London. Speaking of which, meanwhile... Pongo and Perdita smiled as they were meeting their grandpups. \"Grandmama!\" Oddball beamed. \"Oh, look at you, aren't you just the sweetest little thing?\" Perdita cooed as she held Oddball. \"Our grandfather's the legendary Pongo?\" Domino asked with a big smile \"Awwwesome!\" \"Oh, I wouldn't say legendary.\" Pongo smiled bashfully. Martin was pouring wine for Charles and Elizabeth as they talked with Hallie and Amber. \"May we have a sip?\" Hallie asked, using her English accent. \"I don't think you're gonna like it.\" Elizabeth smirked, but allowed Hallie to have a sample of the wine, but only a small one since she wasn't 21 yet. \"I wonder how it will taste?\" Amber said. Hallie took the glass and sampled the wine. \"Remember, darling, just a little.\" Anita warned her niece. \"Yes, Aunt Anita, thank you.\" Amber smiled as she then tested the wine herself. Patch and everyone in the room soon waited to here their reaction. \"If you ask me, the bouquet is a little too robust for a Merlot, but then again, I'm partial to the softer California grape.\" Hallie told Charles and Elizabeth after she swished the wine in her mouth like at a wine tasting party. \"Uh... Ditto.\" Amber shrugged sheepishly. \"You have no idea what I just said, do you?\" Hallie whispered. \"Not really.\" Amber whispered back. Charles and Elizabeth chuckled with Hallie's answer. Hallie then looked over to see a fax in Martin's arm and she tried to take a look until she then fell flat on the floor. \"Oh, Annie, are you all right?\" Roger asked in concern. \"I had one sip too many, I guess,\" Hallie smiled nervously. \"You know, Mother, Amber and I feel like we could use a bit of fresh air. Would it be okay if we stepped outside for a moment?\" \"Yeah and I think Patch needs a walk.\" Amber smiled nervously as well. Patch glanced at them until he could see a certain look in Amber's eyes, he then whined and scratched at the door. \"Do you want us to come with you girls?\" Anita asked. \"No, no, no, we're fine,\" Hallie smiled nervously. \"Just got a touch woozy, that's all.\" \"I've seen you and Uncle Roger this all the time, we'll be fine.\" Amber smiled as she hooked the leash onto Patch's collar. Roger, Anita, and Charles soon got suspicious as Amber, Hallie, and Patch left. \"Woozy, huh?\" Charles replied. Roger and Anita nodded in agreement with the elder man. Amber and Hallie rushed outside with their coats as they walked with Patch on his leash. \"This must be an emergency.\" Patch whispered as they made their way to a phone booth. \"It is...\" Amber said as she showed him the fax which had a drawing of a dog with 9-1-1 on it. \"Um, yes, I'd like to place a collect call to America, please?\" Hallie spoke over the phone as soon as she dialed the number. Darla and Annie and Patch soon started to wait for Hallie and Amber and Maisy. As soon as the phone rang, Annie answered the phone instantly. \"Hello?\" \"What's up?\" Hallie greeted in her American accent. \"Hal, we're desperate!\" Annie replied in her English accent. \"Dad's getting married!\" \"Wait, what?!\" Amber and Patch asked out of shock once they overheard what Annie said. \"We mean black tie, white gown, the whole enchilada!\" Darla replied. \"The wedding's in two weeks,\" Annie added in. \"If there's any hope of Mum and Dad getting back together, we've got to do it fast and I mean really fast!\" \"Any ideas, Hal?\" Patch asked. \"Look, we're going to the theater with Mom tonight,\" Hal spoke up. \"I-I'll drop the bomb on her first thing in the morning.\" \"Okay, thanks,\" Annie sounded relieved. \"And Hallie?\" \" HURRY! \" Annie and Darla then said together urgently. \"We will.\" Amber and Hallie promised. Hallie then hung up the phone and opened the door until she saw she had bumped into someone. \"Oh, excuse us, sir.\" They soon saw that it was Charles along with Roger, Anita, Pongo, and Perdita. \"Uh-oh...\" Hallie, Amber, and Patch gulped. \"Uh-oh, yes...\" Charles chuckled. \"Now, let's say we take a stroll in the park, eh, young ladies?\" \"Okay.\" Hallie and Amber agreed nervously. Patch looked nervous to his parents. This was going to be a long explanation. \"It's a long story...\" Amber sighed. \"Well, if you recall, this is a very big park,\" Roger replied. \"I'm sure we'll have plenty of time.\" \"This is the park where we first met.\" Anita added in. \"I know, Mum and Dad have told me the story many times.\" Patch said. \"I'm sorry, Aunt Anita... Uncle Roger...\" Amber bit her lip. Hallie, Amber, and Patch started to explain everything to Charles, Roger, Anita, Pongo, and Perdita.[Chapter 13] After the explanation... \"Interesting...\" Anita replied. \"I hardly remember Nick Parker, but that makes sense now that you say it like that.\" \"So now, we have to get them back together before he gets married to an evil woman.\" Amber said. \"You sure she's evil?\" Perdita asked. \"She reminds me of Cruella.\" Patch replied. \"This lady that's going to marry him is only after his money.\" Amber said. \"And Annie's told you this?\" Roger then asked. \"Yes, Uncle Roger,\" Amber nodded. \"Darla too and I know it's true because Darla said it and she's my best friend in the whole wide world, she would never ever do anything to hurt me.\" \"And Maisy is there with them.\" Patch said. \"We see...\" Roger replied. \"How do you propose to tell Elizabeth?\" \"We'll have to have Hallie tell her.\" Patch said. \"The truth will set you free.\" Anita recited. \"Yes, Aunt Anita...\" Amber nodded. \"I know that very well.\" \"Of course you do, you're a very good girl.\" Roger smiled to his niece by marriage. Once they got home, Hallie began to pace around, trying to think how she should tell her mother. She had Cubby at hand since he was her stuffed animal and she always clung to him for support despite her bad girl attitude at camp. Elizabeth was on the phone with someone and was speaking in mostly French. \"Just get it over with.\" Amber whispered. \"Just do it, sweet pea.\" Charles agreed. Hallie took a deep breath and came into her mother's bedroom to spill out the truth to her to get it over with and off her chest. The truth would set her free. \"Oh, Annie, come in,\" Elizabeth said after hanging up. \"I just have to get this sketch finished and sent to Paris. Now how about you and I go out to lunch and spend the rest of the day getting lost in Harrods, hmm?\" \"I can't.\" Hallie said. Elizabeth curiously looked to her daughter. \"I'm sorry, I have to go out of town today.\" Hallie continued as she hugged Cubby. \"You have to go out of town?\" Elizabeth looked to her. \"And where may I ask are you going?\" Hallie hid under the covers, feeling too nervous to tell the truth right now. \"Annie? Annie...\" Elizabeth laughed a little, finding this funny. \"But I have to go, I have to go see Annie!\" Hallie yelped under the covers. \"I see,\" Elizabeth smirked, thinking this was a little game. \"And where might Annie be?\" \"In Napa with her father, Nick Parker.\" Hallie said in her normal accent with her voice breaking. Elizabeth soon frowned, now finding this not a game, but Hallie telling her the truth; she looked to Amber, Charles, Roger, Anita, Patch, Pongo, and Perdita. The others nodded to the blonde woman to confirm that this was really happening. Elizabeth then pulled back to covers to look to her long-lost daughter from California. \"You're not Annie...\" she then whispered in shock. \"That would be correct.\" Hallie nodded. \"You're Hallie?\" Elizabeth smiled. \"I am...\" Hallie said as she sat up in the bed, sounding like she was going to cry. Elizabeth put her hand to her mouth in total shock. \"Annie and I met at camp with Darla and Amber and w-we decided to switch places,\" Hallie confessed. \"I'm sorry, but I'd never seen you and I'd dreamt of meeting you my whole life and Annie felt the exact same way about Dad, so we sorta just switched lives. I hope you're not mad because I love you so much and I just hope one day you can love me as me and not as Annie.\" 'I know that she does.' Anita thought to herself. Elizabeth hugged Hallie nice and tight. \"Oh, honey, I've loved you your whole life.\" Roger sniffled as he sounded like he was going to cry. Anita soon gave him a box of tissues. Roger took the tissues as he let out a cry. \"Oh, come here, dear...\" Anita hugged her husband as tears poured out of his eyes. Martin seemed to be in the same position. Hallie and Elizabeth hid smiles of amusement as Martin joined in on the tear-jerking/heartwarming moment between the mother and daughter. And where Charles soon closed the doors, leaving the two alone. \"We'll let Hallie take it from here.\" Amber told the others. Patch firmly nodded in agreement. \"Smart decision.\" Anita said. \"Well, I am a smart girl...\" Amber smiled to her aunt. \"It's true she is.\" Patch smiled. Roger and Anita chuckled. Anita then hugged her aunt and uncle. Hallie and Elizabeth soon agreed to meet Annie and Nick so then Hallie and Annie could be switched back. \"So, the plan worked in some ways...\" Amber said as she sat on the guest bed with Patch. \"Yeah, it did.\" Patch agreed. \"Can I come with you both to meet the real Annie?\" Domino asked as he entered the room. \"Domino.\" Amber and Patch greeted. \"Oh, please,\" Domino begged. \"I barely get out of the house anymore... Oddball lives with Jessica and you guys go out all the time.\" \"Well, I'm sure that would be okay,\" Patch smiled to his nephew. \"Can you promise to be a good boy?\" \"Scout's Honor!\" Domino saluted. \"Alright then, you can come.\" Patch said. \"Yes!\" Domino cheered. \"Don't get me wrong, I love Mum, Dad, Aunt Coco and Uncle Beamer, but...\" \"I understand,\" Patch knew how he felt. \"You wanna get out of the house and see the world for yourself.\" \"Precisely.\" Domino nodded. \"You remind me of myself when I was your age.\" Patch chuckled. \"That means I'm cool then.\" Domino smirked. \"Oh, cheeky, aren't we?\" Patch ruffled up the top of his nephew's head with his paw. \"Hey!\" Domino laughed. Patch laughed with him. Amber smiled at the bonding. Hallie came to see Amber after a while. \"Well, we're going to meet Annie and Dad.\" \"Great.\" Amber smiled. \"Uncle Patch, I wish I could wrestle with you without getting hurt.\" Domino said. \"Well luckily for you, I know how to make your wish come true, but we'll talk about that later after breakfast.\" Patch said. Domino pouted, but then nodded. Everyone was then eating a quick breakfast and after they were done, they were going to meet with Annie and Nick and Amber and Hallie were hoping that the plan would work and Nick and Elizabeth would become a couple again and live happily ever after. \"Now?\" Domino smiled. \"All right, come here.\" Patch smiled back. Domino and Patch then went to a space while the humans went to get ready for their trip. \"Okay, give me your paw.\" Patch told his nephew. Domino soon gave him his right paw. Patch then took the paw and massaged it. \"Uh, Uncle Patch, no offense, this seems nice and all, but-\" Domino spoke up. \"Patience, my dear nephew, patience.\" Patch replied as he continued. Domino soon sighed as he needed to wait. After a while, he was soon muscular as Tripod when he was a pup and was now as strong as Patch. Patch then let go with a smile. Domino looked around and pouted. \"I don't feel any different.\" \"Wanna bet?\" Patch smirked before pouncing on top of Domino to playfully wrestle him. Domino soon started to wrestle with Patch as he was now as strong as him. Patch and Domino laughed as they were living up to Domino's wishes. Patch soon used his magic to make a mirror appear so then Domino could see his new physique. \"Wow... I'm amazing...\" Domino smiled, he then rushed up to the top of a bench. \"I can do anything. I CAN FLY!\" he then jumped off the bench. \"Uh, well...\" Patch looked nervous. Domino then fell flat on the ground. Once he fell flat on the floor, the ground shook. \"Okay, so I can't fly.\" Domino muffled. Patch then helped Domino up. \"You okay?\" \"Yeah...\" Domino sighed. \"At least you're as strong as me now.\" Patch said. \"That is awesome!\" Domino beamed. \"Did I ever tell you that you're my favorite uncle?\" Patch laughed. \"Yeah, your sister says the same thing.\" \"Well, you are.\" Domino smiled. \"Well, you are my favorite nephew.\" Patch smiled back. Domino laughed and hugged his uncle. Path soon hugged him back. Domino nuzzled against him. Patch then carried Domino on his back as they went back to the house as everyone was almost ready to go. Elizabeth was a bit anxious about seeing Nick for the first time in twelve years. \"What should we do?\" Amber whispered. \"What a drama queen.\" Paprika huffed. \"She hasn't seen her husband in twelve years, what do you expect?\" Patch asked. \"Hmm...\" Paprika merely hummed. Martin decided to help Elizabeth out in this situation. Hallie decided to tell her mother a little white lie. \"Hallie...?\" Amber glanced to her friend in concern. Hallie gave a simple thumb's up. Amber then shrugged and let her go on as Elizabeth was in distress about seeing Nick for the first time in years. Hallie nodded before going in. \"So, Hallie said he was a hunk?\" Elizabeth then said after a while. \"He was rawther dishy. He had a smile that could make me weak at the knees if you could imagine that.\" Martin rolled his eyes to that briefly. 'Any girl would feel that when they are in love.' Amber thought to herself. \"We're all set, Mom.\" Hallie said as she came in with Amber. \"Great,\" Elizabeth smiled as she was dressed, but her suitcase was empty. \"Me too... Almost...\" \"Don't worry, everything will be fine.\" Amber said. \"Uh, did you speak to your father, dear?\" Elizabeth asked Hallie. \"Uh, yeah, yeah, I just hung up with him actually,\" Hallie replied. \"He said he's really anxious to see you.\" \"Anxious excited like he can't wait to see me or anxious nervous like he's already regretting it?\" Elizabeth asked. \"Anxious excited,\" Hallie smiled. \"Definitely.\" \"Oh... Okay...\" Elizabeth replied. \"He said he'll meet us tomorrow at noon at the Stanford Hotel in San Francisco.\" Hallie smiled. 'She's really doing this?' Amber thought to herself. \"My, my, my, that seems incredibly soon, doesn't it?\" Elizabeth replied. \"Well, honey, why don't you run downstairs and gather our tickets from your grandfather and Amber's aunt and uncle while I finish up here?\" \"Alright, Mom.\" Hallie said. \"Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire~\" Martin whispered to Hallie. Hallie then flashed him a 'shut up' look. \"Oh, Martin, I have a really ridiculous, somewhat childish request to make,\" Elizabeth came to the butler's side. \"Martin, you know you're more than a butler to me, more like a lovable brother who happens to wait on us, so, anyway, I was wondering if you could-\" \"I'll accompany you, make it a bit easier on you.\" Martin finished for her with a smile. 'Wow, he was happy to accept her offer just like that.' Amber thought to herself. \"So, Paprika, you wanna come with us?\" Patch asked his snooty niece. \"No thanks,\" Paprika curled up into a ball with a smile. \"I better catch up on my beauty rest.\" \"Okay.\" Patch smiled. Paprika then turned over and went to get some sleep. \"I don't have any idea where she could get that from...\" Patch said to himself. \"Tripod is athletic while Cadpig is energetic and eccentric. Maybe she spends too much time with Aunt Coco.\" \"Yes, yes, she does.\" Domino nodded. \"You coming, Domino?\" Patch smiled. \"Yes, Uncle Patch.\" Domino smiled back. \"Great, because I don't want you to miss a thing.\" Patch said. \"I don't wanna miss a thing either.\" Domino agreed, bravely and full of adventure. \"Oh, man, you remind me so much of me at your age.\" Patch smiled in admiration. This made Domino smiled out of excitement. Patch smiled back.[Chapter 14] Martin dressed in a leather jacket and looked like a bad boy as he was going to go to San Francisco with the others. \"Going with the bad boy look.\" Patch said. \"Showtime.\" Martin said as he slid on a pair of sunglasses. \"Come on, come on, let's get going.\" Domino smiled. \"Patience, Domino.\" Patch chuckled to his nephew. Elizabeth was cuddling her father goodbye. \"I'd better go with Amber just to make sure she's safe.\" Anita told her husband since Amber was her niece biologically. \"That sounds safe.\" Roger said. Anita hugged her husband. \"Take care.\"' \"I will, darling.\" Roger hugged his wife back. \"Come on, let's get going.\" Amber said. \"Wish me luck.\" Elizabeth said as she went off. \"Oh, good luck!\" Charles smiled to his daughter, he then went to the house and gave Hallie a nice, tight hug. \"Bye, Pop.\" Hallie said softly. \"Goodbye, Hal.\" Charles smiled to her. 'This plan is going to work.' Patch thought to himself. \"Remember, you're visiting Hallie and Annie in Napa for Thanksgiving.\" Amber told the elder man. \"I wouldn't miss it for the world.\" Charles smiled. \"Bye...\" Hallie whispered as it was then time to go. \"Come along, dears.\" Anita called. \"We're coming, Aunt Anita.\" Amber smiled. \"Oh, and say hello to your father for me!\" Charles told Hallie. \"I will!\" Hallie promised with a smile. Charles then closed the gate and gave a thumb's up as he stood beside Roger, Pongo, Perdita, and Paprika. Hallie crossed her fingers as she then went in the car with Amber and the others. \"So brave and daring, like her ancestor Merida from Scotland.\" Charles smiled in admiration. \"Oh, your family's Scottish?\" Roger asked in surprised. \"Me wife was Scottish...\" Charles nodded. \"I hope someday to tell Hallie and Annie that they are descended from Princess Merida.\" \"I'm sure you will.\" Roger said. Hallie and Amber then got into the car with Elizabeth and Anita, and then they were off. They then drove to the airport and flew on British Airways to visit San Francisco. \"This is so exciting.\" Domino smiled. \"Be good now.\" Patch reminded. \"Yes, sir.\" Domino nodded. Meanwhile at the airport... Anne-Marie appeared to be with David, Sasha, and Charlie as they all ended up in San Francisco, though the two kids were alone. \"So, have you considered having a boyfriend?\" David asked. \"Sometimes...\" Anne-Marie blushed. \"When I was younger, I always wanted my own Prince Charming.\" \"Really?\" David smiled. \"Yeah...\" Anne-Marie shuffled her foot. Charlie hid a smirk. \"Uh, excuse me...\" Anne-Marie walked away for a moment which made Charlie go after her. \"Come on, Squeaker, he obviously likes ya...\" Charlie said to the formerly orphaned girl. \"Really?\" Anne-Marie asked. \"I'm sure of it...\" Charlie smiled back. \"Oh, Charlie...\" Anne-Marie hugged the German Shepherd she had known who saved her from being a slave to Carface and sacrificed himself to save her which allowed him to go to Heaven instead of Hell. \"I don't think she likes me, Sasha...\" David hung his head sadly. \"Of course she does, David.\" Sasha smiled. David and Anne-Marie sighed as they were unsure if the other liked them which was actually true, but Charlie and Sasha had to help them see that. \"Hey, guys, long time no see.\" Mo smiled to David and Anne-Marie. \"Hey there, you two.\" Atticus also smiled. \"Hi, Atticus...\" Anne-Marie greeted. \"Hey, Mo.\" David smiled back. Charlie and Sasha then came over to see Atticus and Mo. \"What're you guys doing in the airport?\" Mo asked the younger kids. \"Dad's coming back from out of town and Anne-Marie wanted to come too,\" David explained. \"Mom's back home with Anne-Marie's parents, she thinks the baby could be born any day now.\" \"That's great.\" Atticus smiled. \"Are you guys okay?\" Mo asked. \"Fine...\" David and Anne-Marie whispered shyly while Charlie and Sasha were encouraging them to tell each other how they felt about each other. 'I can sense that these two like each other, but are too shy to tell the other.' Atticus thought to himself. Charlie and Sasha then went to one window together and smiled to each other. \"Something about Sasha seems different...\" Mo said. \"She's going to have puppies sometime soon.\" David told her. \"Really?\" Mo smiled. David nodded. \"At least that's what we heard from Flo.\" Anne-Marie then said about Charlie's old female border collie friend who took care of orphaned puppies. \"That's great.\" Atticus said. \"By the way, are you two together?\" Mo asked the two younger kids which made them blush. \"I'll take that as an almost.\" Atticus smirked. Mo giggled with him as David and Anne-Marie looked to each other shyly. \"Um, so why are you guys here?\" David asked. \"We're waiting for someone with a friend of ours.\" Atticus replied. \"Yeah, it's a special surprise.\" Mo smiled. \"Ooh.\" Anne-Marie said. \"You can trust us.\" David smiled. Atticus and Mo smiled back as they hoped this would work out just fine for Hallie and Annie. Eventually, everything came together at the airport and it was now time to meet at the hotel as Meredith was with her parents. \"Oh, great, the Cruella deVil look a like is here.\" Mo groaned. \"Okay, be nice, Daddy,\" Meredith said to her father. \"It's everything you ever wanted for your little girl. Plus millions more.\" \"Then you know I'll be nice.\" Mr. Blake smirked which made his wife chuckle. \"We can see where she gets her greediness from.\" Atticus whispered. \"She's a real b-\" Cherry was about to say but then tried something else. \"Witch with a captain B.\" \"Yes, she is.\" Mo nodded. \"Totally...\" Atticus agreed with the girls. Nick was now coming with Chessy, Annie, and Sammy. \"Oh, there he is,\" Meredith told her parents before grumbling. \"With the whole Motley Crew...\" \"Hello.\" Darla smirked. \"Hi, darling...\" Meredith smiled to Nick, taking his hand. Annie and Chessy hid flinches as the two kissed on the lips. \"Hallie... Chessy... Darla and her family...\" Meredith forced a smile to them. \"And Sammy, what in the world are you doing here? Honey, a dog at the Stanford?\" \"The girls begged me to bring him.\" Nick replied. \"As well as Maisy.\" Darla said as she brought out her kitten. \"You're such a softy...\" Meredith said to Nick before reaching out to the pets. Maisy hissed and nearly swatted a clawed paw while Sammy barked aggressively to the blonde woman. \"Good girl.\" Darla whispered. \"Good dog.\" Chessy whispered to Sammy. Maisy and Sammy both smiled to Darla and Chessy then. \"So these two must be your parents.\" Darla said. \"Yes,\" Meredith replied. \"Mom, Daddy, this is my fiancee, the love of my life: Nicholas Parker.\" Nick smiled politely and shook hands with Mr. Blake. \"Love of her life, yeah right.\" Cherry whispered. \"I'm so pleased to meet you,\" Mrs. Blake smiled to Nick. \"I'm Vicky.\" \"That fits.\" Darla said under her breath as the woman seemed to share a name with a certain evil babysitter she knew. \"By any chance, do you have a niece by the same name?\" Atticus asked. \"No, I'm sorry, but my brother Reed owns Callum Dairy.\" Vicky replied. \"Good to know.\" Mo said. \"Yes, I'm afraid my only nieces are Taylor and Courtney.\" Vicky nodded. 'I have a feeling we'll meet those two someday in the future.' Cherry thought to herself. \"And this is Nicholas's daughter Hallie,\" Meredith told her parents. \"This whole prenuptial meeting agreement was all her idea.\" \"How are you, young lady?\" Mr. Blake smiled. \"We've heard nothing but wonderful things about you and your friend, Daisy.\" \"Darla.\" Darla corrected, narrowing her eyes slightly. \"Hello, pets,\" Vicky smiled. \"You may both call me 'Aunt Vicky'.\" \"I think we'll pass.\" Darla said. Annie recoiled in disgust with the older woman since she was Meredith's mother and she seemed even worse than her daughter. Meanwhile, outside... Annie, Elizabeth, Anita, Amber, and the others pulled up by limo and Martin went to let them out after driving them to the hotel entrance. And where after their car door was opened, Elizabeth was going to be coming out first, drunk. Anita face-palmed her friend slightly as Martin helped her out. \"Oh, brother...\" Amber sighed. Elizabeth finished her bottle and tossed it in the air. \"That was a great flight, was it? I mean, it was so quick!\" \"I've never seen you quite so thirsty before, Madam.\" Martin commented. \"Same here.\" Anita agreed. \"Oh, Martin, would you believe I never tasted vodka before this trip?\" Elizabeth replied as she slipped on her shoes. \"I would believe it.\" Amber said. \"Could've fooled me, ma'am.\" Martin replied. \"Come on, let's rock and roll.\" Elizabeth said. \"I am in such major danger here.\" Hallie said to Amber. \"You have no idea.\" Amber sighed. Meredith was then walking with the others in the hotel as they were planning on what to do for the wedding. Sammy caught a familiar scent as they walked along. \"Sammy, what's up?\" Maisy whispered. \"I smell... I smell... I smell...\" Sammy muttered before running off. \"It has to be her!\" \"Sammy!\" Annie cried out as she ran with the dog. \"Uh-oh, looks like she's here.\" Maisy whispered to Darla. \"Sammy, easy!\" Darla called out, worried of the dog. Hallie and the others were on their way into the elevator. Elizabeth stopped the door from closing. \"Whoops, forgot my bag!\" she then went to get her bag. \" HALLIE! \" Sammy barked happily. \"Sammy!\" Hallie smiled. Annie and Chessy gasped. Sammy ran out of Annie's control, taking the leash with him as he raced over to Hallie to finally reunite with her. Domino soon saw Annie and decided to rush over to her to get to know her. Sammy jumped over a luggage cart and ran into Hallie's open arms. \" SAMMY! \" Hallie squealed as she hugged her dog for the first time in ages. Amber smiled to that. Domino did the same thing as he made his way to Annie. Annie looked down and bent down with a smile. \"Who are you?~\" \"My name's Domino!\" Domino smiled up to her. \"You can talk too?\" Annie smiled. \"Uh-huh...\" Domino nodded. \"My uncle says it's because of Puppy Power, and he should know, 'cuz he's a Pound Puppy.\" \"You sure are a handsome puppy.\" Annie smiled. Domino smiled bashfully in response. Annie smiled back as she then looked up to Elizabeth in shock. \"Mum!\" \"Darling, you didn't have to wait for me,\" Elizabeth smiled, thinking she was still Hallie. \"I could've found the room by myself.\" Annie then waved the air in front of her once she took notice that her mother had been drinking. \"Listen, I need to get a little fresh air,\" Elizabeth continued. \"Go on, sweetie, I'll meet you upstairs.\" \"She's been drinking.\" Domino said. Annie nodded in agreement. \"I like that jacket by the way,\" Elizabeth said as she stumbled away. \"Did you wear that on the way over here?\" \"Mum, look out!\" Annie yelped as her mother nearly ran into a man carrying a potted plant. \"I take it she doesn't always get drunk.\" Domino said. \"She's never had more than one glass of wine in her entire life,\" Annie shook her head. \"And she chooses today to show up totally zonked!\" \"Yeah, well, we'll do as she says, we'll meet her upstairs.\" Chessy suggested. \"I agree.\" Domino said. \"Come here, boy.\" Annie allowed him to come with them. Domino then followed the girl and woman. \"Looks like Domino has met Annie.\" Atticus smiled. \"Oh, nice,\" Cherry deadpanned. \"Another dumb dog.\" Atticus narrowed his eyes. \"Dogs arent' dumb.\" \"Uh, yes, they are,\" Cherry laughed. \"And nothing will change my mind.\" She soon heard Patch's growling behind her. Atticus turned his head away. Cherry looked down. \"What do you want?\" Patch started to bark as he started chasing her. Cherry yelped as she then ran. Patch continued to chase her. \"Oh, please don't bite me!\" Cherry begged. \"This is why I like cats, they don't chase you or make scary loud noises!\" \"Why is Patch chasing Cherry?\" Mo asked. \"Cherry dissed dogs.\" Atticus replied. \"Ohh.\" Mo said. \"Atticus, stop this crazy thing!\" Cherry begged. \"Nope.\" Atticus smirked. \"Oh, I hate you right now...\" Cherry groaned. She soon rushed into an elevator. Patch growled as he came to the elevator. Cherry tapped the button over and over to close the doors. And where the doors soon closed and where she soon forgot about one thing about Patch. Cherry smiled and leaned back in relief with her eyes closed. The elevator then seemed to jolt and the doors cracked open while Patch glared as he opened the doors with his paws. \"Oh, darn...\" Cherry muttered. \"Forget I'm super strong?\" Patch growled. Cherry smiled nervously. The doors then slowly closed on the two. \"I wonder how the elevator will handle those two?\" Mo said. \"Same here.\" Atticus agreed. The elevator soon started to shake. The elevator came back to the lobby. Cherry yelped and ran as Patch continued to chase her. \"Take back of what you said!\" Patch barked. \"Okay, okay, I'm sorry!\" Cherry yelped nervously. \"Just let me liiiive! Dogs aren't dumb animals!\" Patch soon stopped chasing her and went back to Atticus. Cherry shivered slightly. Atticus bent down and pet his puppy before giving him a treat. \"Really missed ya, boy.\" \"I missed you too.\" Patch said before begging for the treat in order to have it. Atticus chuckled before he gave Patch the treat. Patch accepted the treat and licked his muzzle. \"Liver?\" \"Bacon.\" Atticus smiled. \"Even better.\" Patch smiled back. They soon saw Nick and Meredith arriving to an elevator. Cherry walked by shakily which made them glance to her slightly. \"Do you suppose she's okay?\" Nick asked. \"Oh, who cares?\" Meredith sounded uncaring towards Cherry's well-being. \"Seriously?\" Atticus whispered as he tried his hardest not to hit Meredith with a fist. Mo narrowed her eyes. \"You okay, Cherry?\" Atticus asked. \"I'll be fine... I just need a glass of water.\" Cherry replied. Atticus soon gave Cherry a bottle of water. Cherry took it and drank it right away and cleared her throat. \"Ah, much better.\"[Chapter 15] Unfortunately, Elizabeth came back to see Nick with another woman. Nick looked in shock to see Elizabeth and wanted to see her then, but the door then closed on him and Meredith. Elizabeth weakly waved before becoming angry. \"Uh-oh, looks like she found out.\" Patch whispered. \"Hallie Parker!\" Elizabeth stormed down the hallway. Annie and Hallie both came out with Darla and Amber. \"I'm not in the mood for this.\" Elizabeth said. \"It's me, Mum, Annie.\" Annie said as she stood beside Darla. \"Annie!\" Elizabeth smiled and hugged her daughter. \"You look wonderful!\" Hallie then smiled and went to hug Elizabeth as well. \"Aw!\" Maisy smiled. \"I can't believe you're together.\" Elizabeth smiled to the twins. \"But how could you do this to me?\" \"Uh, excuse me, I'd hate to interrupt, but might I suggest we continue this little pow-wow inside?\" Chessy came over with an apologetic smile. \"Hi, you probably don't remember me...\" \"Chessy!\" Elizabeth beamed and kissed the cheeks of the woman. \"So she does remember you.\" Darla smiled. \"I knew I always liked her.\" Chessy smiled back. Darla, Amber, and Maisy soon got inside. Hallie and Annie were made to sit on a couch and they both felt nervous as Elizabeth looked firm with them. Domino stayed by Annie's side. \"Now, one of you, I'm not sure which at the moment, but one of you told me your father knew I was arriving here today,\" Elizabeth sharply said to the twins. \"And I'm here to tell you that my way to the elevator had absolutely no idea we were on the same pallet! Let alone, in the same hotel.\" \"You already saw Dad?\" Annie asked. \"I did,\" Elizabeth said before collapsing onto the couch. \"The man looked at me like I was the bloody Ghost of Christmas Past! Could one of you get something cold for my head?\" Annie then decided to get something for her poor mother. \"Looks like he wasn't expecting you.\" Domino said. \"Are you talking to me?\" Elizabeth asked the puppy. \"Yes, ma'am,\" Domino smiled. \"My Uncle Patch taught me and my brother and sister all about Puppy Power.\" \"Amazing.\" Elizabeth said. Domino smiled. \"Anyway,\" Elizabeth then got back on topic. \"Annie, have you wondered what it would be like to see your father after all these years? Well, let me tell you... Me waving like a mindless idiot while Nick Parker's wrapped around another woman's arms, snogging in such a scenario act in such a way.\" \"Snogging? \"Darla whispered to Amber. \"Kissing.\" Amber whispered back. \"Oh.\" Darla then said. \"Wow.\" Maisy said. Martin then walked by in a blue speedo with a towel around his shoulders as he whistled a tune to himself on his way out of the room. \" MARTIN! \" Elizabeth gasped wildly at him. \"What are you doing?!\" \"Going for a dip, ma'am, do you mind?\" Martin replied. \"Wow...\" Amber said. \"Oh, no, no, that's p-perfectly fine...\" Elizabeth told Martin as Hallie and Annie looked like they were going to laugh. \"Someone ought to-\" Chessy walked by and smirked to Martin. \"Hello.\" \"Hello, hello to you.\" Martin smiled back. 'I can sense love about to blossom.' Darla thought to herself. \"Chessy, this is our butler, Martin.\" Elizabeth introduced. \"How do you do?\" Chessy smiled shyly. \"I'm her butler.\" \"Enchante, mademoiselle.\" Martin took the back of her hand and kissed it like a gentleman. \"Gee, the pleasure's all mine, Monsieur.\" Chessy smiled. \"Yep, definitely love at first sight.\" Darla smiled. Amber giggled. \"It reminds me of when Aunt Anita met Uncle Roger.\" \"Aw!\" Darla smiled. \"Girls, you are going to tell me why you lied and brought me here without telling your father!\" Elizabeth demanded to Hallie and Annie. \"Were they? Oh, well, that's okay, I'll just go back to my room and Darla can come too if she wants...\" Chessy said uneasily. \"Check out the old Meat Bar situation.\" \"Allow me to assist you!\" Martin quickly volunteered. \"Wait for me.\" Amber said. \"Martin! Wait!\" Elizabeth called. \"Does everyone here know something I don't know?\" \"You might as well tell her, Annie.\" Darla said. \"Mum...\" Annie took a deep breath. \"Dad's getting married.\" Elizabeth then shot down quickly in shock and discomfort. \"To Cruella deVil.\" Hallie added in, referring to Meredith and not the real Cruella. \"She's awful, Mum, we can't let him go through with it.\" Annie told their mother. \"She's only going to marry him for his money.\" Darla said. \"And the only way he won't do it is if he sees you again.\" Amber urged Elizabeth. \"Wait, you're not trying to set me up with Nick...\" Elizabeth then looked at the four girls. \"Actually, we are.\" Darla said. Martin and Chessy then tried to sneak out. \"You're perfect for each other!\" Amber agreed. \"Hold it!\" Elizabeth replied before looking to her butler and Nick's housekeeper. \"You two knew about this?\" Martin and Chessy then stammered nervously to get out of the mess. Elizabeth was waiting for them to confess. Darla and Amber bit their lips worriedly. Domino began to look a bit nervous himself. Elizabeth pulled a face which then made Chessy and Martin confess that they had known all about this. Hallie and Annie sighed as they were now busted. \"Gee, thanks for keeping it a secret, you two.\" Domino sighed. \"Okay, okay,\" Elizabeth said as she walked over to them. \"Let me say this loud and clear. Nick Parker and I have absolutely nothing in common!... Anymore. Plus, in case you haven't noticed; he seems extremely content with his kitty, tight-skirted, barebacked fiancee! And I want the two of you to explain with your friends to your father that I am here for one purpose and one purpose only: And that is, to switch the two of you back. Now, let's do what we have to do and be done with it! Understood?\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" Darla nodded. Annie and Hallie then agreed to split up and go see Nick as soon as possible. Domino shivered nervously from Elizabeth's strictness. He soon rushed over to Annie. Annie smiled down to Domino. \"I like you.\" Domino smiled back up to Annie. \"I like you too, boy.\" Annie smiled back down to the puppy. Domino nuzzled up against her. Annie then bent down and picked him up in her arms. \"Ooh, you're really strong for a puppy.\" \"Thanks, my uncle helped me get strong.\" Domino smiled. Annie smiled back down. Nick was wandering down the hallway. \"Uh-oh, I better hide.\" Domino said. Annie then tried to hide Domino away as Nick was on his way around and seemed to mistake her for Hallie as he was too nervous to notice. 'What does he need?' Domino thought to himself. \"How do I look? Great?\" Nick smiled nervously. \"You look fab, Dad, definitely fab!\" Annie replied, using an American accent. \"Does he really?\" Domino whispered. \"I don't know...\" Annie muttered as she held Domino close. \"Good to know.\" Domino whispered. Nick came down the elevator. \"Dad!\" Hallie greeted. Nick was confused because he thought he saw Hallie upstairs. Hallie then went to the elevator and Meredith came in front of her. \"Have you seen your father?\" Meredith asked. \"You talking to me?\" Hallie asked in confusion. \"Who are you, Robert DeNiro?\" Meredith rolled her eyes. \"Yes, I am talking to you.\" \"Ohh, Meredith,\" Hallie nodded once she saw that this was the lady that her twin told her about. \"Yeah, I just did.\" \"Well, hello?!\" Meredith replied. \"Where was he?\" \"Uh, he went thataway, I think.\" Hallie replied, pointing down the hallway. Meredith soon looked into the direction she pointed. Hallie then looked up and down to Meredith. Meredith looked back in mild annoyance. \"What are you staring at?\" \"Oh, nothing, nothing,\" Hallie shook her head with a smile. \"You're just very, very pretty, that's all.\" Meredith simply scoffed at this attempt of buttering up to her. \"Don't make me think you're gonna break your rotten streak and say something nice to me... If you see your father, tell him he's late and I'm waiting...\" she then walked off down the hall. \"Whatever you say, Cruella.\" Hallie muttered. Meredith seemed to walk into a bar. \"Here you go, this will cure anything you got,\" the bartender came over to Elizabeth with a drink which appeared to be a Bloody Mary. \"Just don't ask what's in it.\" \"Okay...\" Elizabeth then sat up and took her drink right away. \"Here's to...\" she then saw Meredith next to her. \"Here's to you, and your life which is less complicated than mine.\" she then gulped down her drink right away. Meredith soon ordered a drink for herself. \"Martini dry, please.\" Elizabeth let out a loud belch after taking her drink. Meredith then gaped to her. \"Beg your pardon, I think I just drank alcohol.\" Elizabeth muttered before drinking more. The bartender soon gave Elizabeth her check. \"And your bill, Ms. James.\" Elizabeth signed her name as Meredith then took the olives out of her drink. And where the name seemed to catch Meredith's attention. \"You're Elizabeth James?\" \"Guilty.\" Elizabeth replied. Meredith soon got excited as she had ordered a wedding dress designed from her. Elizabeth smiled as she talked with Meredith. Domino wandered around and overheard this as his left ear went up. \"Sounds like they are getting along.\" he then said.[Chapter 16] Cherry groaned and took a pill since they were near the water and boats. \"What's wrong, Cherry?\" Mo asked. \"Seasickness.\" Atticus told Cherry. Cherry nodded as she took a deep breath to adjust her pill inside her digestive tract. \"Should we go to the pool?\" Mo asked. \"Here, let me teach you how to swim.\" Atticus said. \"What about your... Situation?\" Mo asked. \"This isn't ocean water, it'll be fine.\" Atticus smiled. \"Oh, right.\" Mo said. Atticus then took off his shirt as he sat on the edge of the pool and stuck his bare feet into the water. Mo blushed as she saw him shirtless. \"Oh, my~\" \"Wanna come into the pool?\" Atticus asked. \"Sure...\" Mo turned as red as her bandanna as she sat next to him. Atticus soon got in the pool. Mo then joined him, sliding into the pool next to him. Atticus then taught Mo how to swim in a pool. Nick was then wandering around, passing people and the pool area. \"Looks like he's trying to see if he's not just imagining his ex-wife being here.\" Atticus said. \"I can't blame him.\" Mo said as she waded in the water next to him. Cherry slowly shut her eyes as she sat on the edge of the pool with only her feet in the water. Mo soon playfully decided to act like she was drowning so her boyfriend could save her. Atticus then did a backstroke in the water. Cherry looked over and rolled her eyes. \"Your girlfriend's drowning.\" Atticus soon stopped before he dived in to save Mo. \"Help, Atticus, help!\" Mo called out as she splashed herself. Atticus soon came up from under her and scooped her up into a bridal style. \"Oh, Atticus, you're so brave and strong...\" Mo smiled. \"You okay?\" Atticus asked as he carried her. \"Yeah.\" Mo smiled. Atticus smiled back. \"How about a kiss for my hero?\" Mo offered before puckering her lips. \"Sure.\" Atticus shrugged before he kissed her. Mo smiled as she received the kiss while turning bright pink in her face. Cherry smirked as she saw what Mo did. Atticus and Mo then held each other close. 'So strong.' Mo thought to herself. Cherry gagged at the display between Atticus and Mo while she lounged. Nick continued to look around and where at first it seemed like what he saw in the lobby was just his imagination. Cherry looked up to Nick. \"He looks so lost.\" Meredith's parents soon came over to him. Elizabeth was in Nick's eyes as he walked along and looked confused once he spotted her. \"Mr. Parker, watch out!\" Domino yelped out. Nick ran into a waiter and he ended up slipping and falling into the pool. SPLASH! \"That's gotta hurt.\" Maisy winced. \"I'm sure he's fine.\" Darla said before cringing as Amber nodded in hope. Cherry shook a little as the splash mostly soaked her. \"You okay?\" Atticus asked. \"I'll live...\" Cherry shrugged as she waved her hair. Nick soon got out of the pool, stunned to see Elizabeth. Elizabeth smiled and looked down to Nick curiously. \"Hello, Nick.\" Elizabeth smiled. Martin took a picture from his camera which made Domino give him a 'Really?' look on his face. \"Hello, Liz.\" Nick smiled back once he knew for sure that she was really there. And where he was confused of why she wasn't stunned to see him. The two shared a talk. Elizabeth was clearly still in love with Nick however. \"I'm stunned to see you, but somehow; you're not so stunned to see me.\" Nick said. Elizabeth looked to him. \"I mean, I haven't seen or heard from you for, what? Ten? Eleven years?\" Nick replied. \"All the sudden, on the very day, I-\" \"Dad, I can explain why she's here.\" Annie came beside Elizabeth. \"Hallie, you know who this is?\" Nick asked. \"Actually yes, and actually, I'm not Hallie.\" Annie then said, removing her sunglasses and used her English accent. \"Actually, I am.\" Hallie came beside her twin. \"Ta-da.\" Darla said. Nick was in shock and amazement and smiled to the English twin. \"Annie? Hallie?\" \"I guess you and Mum kind of think alike because you sent us both to the same camp and we met there with Darla and Amber,\" Annie replied. \"And it sort of... Spilled out.\" \"Yep.\" Amber nodded. \"They switched places on us, Nick.\" Elizabeth told her ex-lover. \"You mean I had Annie with me all this time?\" Nick asked. \"Well, I wanted to know what you were like and Hallie wanted to know Mum... Are you angry?\" Annie replied. \"Oh, honey, of course not,\" Nick smiled to his long-lost daughter before hugging her. \"I just can't believe it's you.\" 'This is going great.' Darla thought to herself. Cherry turned her head and sniffled. \"Cherry, are you crying?\" Amber asked. \"Some of the chlorine went up my nose...\" Cherry replied. \"Ohh.\" Atticus said. Cherry was really crying, but she kept her face away so no one would see her crying, but Domino could see her. \"Are you crying?\" Domino asked. \"I don't cry.\" Cherry replied. Domino nuzzled against her. \"It's okay to cry, you know.\" \"Get off of me!\" Cherry picked him up and moved him. \"Okay, okay.\" Domino said. Cherry wiped her eyes. \"Yep, she's crying.\" Domino said before walking off on his own back to where Annie and Hallie were. \"The last time I saw you, you had diaper rash.\" Nick chuckled to Annie. \"Aw!\" Amber smiled. Annie and Nick hugged each other nice and tight. Domino smiled at the sight as he stood beside Annie's feet. \"Domino.\" Amber picked him up with a giggle. Domino whined to be put back down so he could be with Annie. Amber could see who Domino wanted to be with. \"Domino...?\" she asked as she put him back down on the floor. Domino then went beside Annie and smiled up to her. Amber then smiled. \"I think Domino found his true home away from his parents... Oddball has Atticus's sister and Little Dipper is gone on his own...\" Domino soon went up to Annie and started to lick her. Annie giggled as she then sat down and held the puppy. Nick flinched at first, but then smiled once he saw the dog wasn't dangerous. \"Well, this is a better welcome from a dog than from Sammy.\" Annie giggled as Domino licked her face. \"Uh, girls, why don't you give your father and me a moment alone to talk?\" Elizabeth suggested. Annie and Hallie were a little nervous of that, but they agreed. Domino then followed Annie around like, well, what else? A lost puppy. 'I wonder what they'll talk about.' Darla thought to herself. Soon enough, Meredith came by. \"Oh, great...\" Atticus and Mo grumbled once they saw the blonde woman. \"I think we might be actually happy to see her since she's going to be in for a surprise.\" Cherry said. The others looked to her, wondering what she could mean by that. \"Just wait for it.\" Cherry smirked. Meredith soon came over to Nick. She then looked confused once she saw Nick with Elizabeth. \"But I don't understand, how did you two meet and Nicky, why are you all wet?\" \"You're making my fiancee's wedding gown.\" Nick smiled to Elizabeth. \"I-I didn't know she was your fiancee.\" Elizabeth smiled apologetically. \"Ohh.\" Atticus and Mo smirked. They all then wondered how they all met which made everyone else smirk while Hallie and Annie looked concerned. \"You know, this is one small world.\" Nick said. \"How small?\" Meredith asked. Hallie and Annie then both came to Meredith's sides to give her the shock of her life. \"Hi, Mer.\" Annie greeted in her American accent. \"Hello.\" Meredith greeted. \"How you doing?\" Hallie greeted her in her normal accent. Meredith screamed once she saw there were two redheaded girls. \"Honey, did I ever mention to you that Hallie was a twin?\" Nick spoke up. \"No, I'm afraid you forgot that little detail.\" Meredith replied shakily. \"Worth the wait.\" Cherry smirked. Atticus and Mo agreed with her there. \"Don't feel bad, Mer, he didn't mention it to be either.\" Hallie smirked. \"By the way, I'm the real Hallie, this Annie. She was pretending to be me while I was pretending to be her. And this, is our mother: Elizabeth James.\" \"This is your mother?\" Meredith asked in surprise, but tried to hide it. \"Yes.\" Hallie and Annie nodded. \"You were married to him?\" Meredith asked Elizabeth while trying to hold back her anger. Nick and Elizabeth chuckled and approved of that question to be true. \"Amber's aunt was my bridesmaid, she caught the bouquet.\" Elizabeth spoke up shyly. \"Well, this is a small world...\" Meredith said with clenched teeth. \"I'm loving this.\" Cherry smirked. \"You don't like Meredith, huh?\" Mo asked. \"Nope...\" Cherry replied. \"She just has that feel.\" Atticus nodded in agreement. Domino came beside Meredith's legs and lifted his back hind leg before his tongue dangled out in relief. Meredith soon felt something wet on her feet. Annie cupped her mouth once she saw what Domino did. Domino whistled innocently and then walked over closer to the twins and their parents. \"Oh, what a cute puppy!\" Meredith said through her teeth, trying not to lose her temper around Nick. 'Looks like that wasn't enough to bring out her true nature.' Domino thought to himself. Chessy and Martin hid snickers about Meredith's misfortune.[Chapter 17] Later that night... Annie and Amber sat together with Anita as they had some tea together while Domino came in and looked like he wanted to join in. \"Oh, how cute, he's like a little person~\" Anita cooed with a giggle as Domino sat in an empty chair at the table with them. \"Good evening, Domino, would you like some tea?\" Annie asked. Domino nodded with a smile. Anita then poured a small cup of tea for the puppy. Domino then lapped it up which made Amber and Annie giggle. \"What?\" Domino asked. Annie pet Domino. \"Oh, I love this puppy.\" \"He seems to like you too.\" Anita smiled in agreement. \"Do you think Mum would let me keep him?\" Annie asked Amber. \"I don't know, you'll have to ask your mother.\" Anita said. \"I hope she says yes...\" Annie said as she really liked Domino and the feeling was mutual. Elizabeth came out in a black dress. \"Oh, you look lovely, Lizzie!\" Anita beamed. \"Thank you, Annie says there's a surprise for me later tonight.\" Elizabeth replied. \"Indeed there is.\" Annie smiled. \"Amber, don't you have something to ask you mom?\" Amber asked. \"Oh, um... Mum...?\" Annie looked over. \"I know you have a lot on your mind, but... Could I maybe have a puppy of my very own?\" \"You mean one like Domino?\" Elizabeth smirked playfully. \"Erm... Yes, Mum...\" Annie smiled. \"I really like him and he really likes me.\" \"Well, I guess you can keep him.\" Elizabeth smiled. \"Yay!\" Annie and Domino cheered. \"He'll be your responsibility though.\" Elizabeth reminded. \"Oh, yes, Mum, I understand.\" Annie nodded as she hugged the puppy. Domino soon licked her. Annie giggled from the licking. Later on, Annie wore a blue and white dress with a blue headband with her mother as Nick was coming in his suit while Hallie wore her hair up and had a glossy pink dress. Domino soon came as well. He had on a bow tie around his collar to look like a 'gentlepup'. 'This is going to be a great night.' Domino thought to himself. \"Hello.\" Elizabeth greeted. Nick looked over and saw her. \"Hey.\" The pairs then walked toward each other with their respective daughters. \"So, do you know where they're taking us?\" Elizabeth whispered to Nick. \"Not a clue.\" Nick whispered back. \"I can tell you where.\" Domino smiled. Nick and Elizabeth then looked down to Domino. \"It has something to do with how you two first met.\" Domino said. Nick and Elizabeth then looked to each other. It was a beautiful night as Hallie and Annie led their parents to recreate their first night together. Domino soon pointed out to an ocean liner they were going to eat at. Nick and Elizabeth looked in amazement as they then went up the stairs. \"So, how exactly are we paying for this?\" Nick asked. \"Well, we pulled our allowances.\" Annie replied. \"Yeah right, Annie.\" Nick said. \"Okay, Grandfather chipped in a bit...\" Annie then admitted. \"Annie...\" Elizabeth looked to her. \"Okay, he chipped in a lot.\" Annie then confessed. \"Come on, you guys are gonna love it.\" Hallie gestured for them to follow her. \"Yeah, it'll be a night to remember.\" Domino smiled. \"Pretty snazzy.\" Nick commented. \"Elizabeth and Nick, your dinner awaits you.\" Hallie smiled before opening the door. \"Please enter.\" Domino said. Elizabeth and Nick smiled as they came in and saw a nicely set table with flowers and candlesticks. \"Ta-da.\" Domino smiled. \"The table's only set for two.\" Nick pointed out. \"Oh! That's the other part of the surprise,\" Annie smiled. \"We're not joining you.\" \"Yeah.\" Domino smiled. \"You're not?\" Elizabeth asked. \"No, but I am,\" Chessy smiled as she walked in with a silver tray. \"Good evening, I'm Chessy, and I'll be your server this evening. No icebergs included.\" Domino nodded to confirm this. \"And I'm Martin, your tender, shall I get you a bubbly?\" Martin came with a bottle of champagne. 'I don't know what bubbly means.' Domino thought to himself. Nick and Elizabeth took their seats while Annie and Hallie sat farther away. Annie took out a remote and played the song that Nick and Elizabeth first heard when they first saw each other. \"Nice.\" Domino whispered. There was a floating ring that said Queen Elizabeth 2 1986. Nick and Elizabeth found it very charming that their daughters would do this for them. \"We'll leave you two alone.\" Domino smiled. Annie then picked up Domino again and walked with Hallie to a table away from their parents. \"They're recreating the night we met.\" Nick smiled. Elizabeth smiled back. \"The boat, the music...\" Nick listed. \"The help.\" Chessy added in with a smirk. Everything was just like how Elizabeth and Nick met except that Martin and Chessy weren't there when they met. \"Martin, I think I'll take that drink.\" Nick called to the butler. Martin smiled and walked over with two glasses of champagne. Nick and Elizabeth soon started to enjoy their meal. Annie, Hallie, and Domino smiled as this seemed to be working out just nicely. Oddball came aboard and spotted Domino. \"There you are, Bro, Mum and Dad are worried about ya, it's time to go home,\" She soon saw that Domino was happy with Annie. \"Domino...\" she then smiled softly. \"You are home...\" \"Mm-hmm...\" Domino smiled back and looked up to Annie. \"We should tell Mum and Dad though.\" Oddball suggested. \"I agree.\" Domino nodded back. Oddball and Domino then shared a sibling hug. The rest of the night went well. Later on, Nick and Elizabeth decided to share some news with their twins. And where they knew the twins might not like it. Domino had a pleasant night's sleep with Annie and he knew from then that she was the right human for him and before they would leave home, he would get his Uncle Patch to say goodbye to his parents so he could have a whole new life. Annie and Hallie had a suspicion that their parents would want to split apart again. They then reminded Nick of the camping trip that Hallie and he would go on before she would go back to school and Annie wanted to come too. 'This is going to work perfectly.' Domino thought to himself. Annie and Hallie then tricked Elizabeth to find out which twin was which. \"Girls, this is totally unfunny, you're going to make your mother miss your airplane.\" Nick told the twins. \"Well, you two being unfair by splitting them up as you two are going back to England and California.\" Domino said. \"We'll pack up for home as soon as it's over.\" Hallie suggested. \"The four of us.\" Annie agreed as she held Domino. \"The four of us?\" Elizabeth replied. \"And when you bring them back, we'll tell you who's Annie and who's Hallie.\" Domino then smirked as Nick and Elizabeth had a hard time telling their twin daughters apart. \"Or you three tell us right now, whether you like it or not.\" Elizabeth said. It was then settled. Regardless of what just happened, they were going on their camping trip. \"Maybe we should get going home, Roger, dear,\" Anita said on the phone before they were hitting the road. \"I'm sure the puppies are anxious without Pongo and Perdy.\" \"I agree.\" Roger nodded. Anita then got off the phone and came to Elizabeth. \"Thank you for this time, but we're going to head home.\" \"Okay, Anita,\" Elizabeth hugged her friend goodbye. \"You and Roger have a safe trip back home.\" Anita and Roger hugged her back before hugging Amber as she wanted to go on the trip with Annie, Hallie, and Darla. \"Bye, Mother, bye, Dad.\" Patch hugged his parents. \"Bye, Patch.\" Pongo and Perdita hugged him back. \"Get home safe.\" Patch smiled to them. Pongo and Perdita smiled back and then joined Roger and Anita to go back to the farm. \"This is going to be one fun trip.\" Domino smiled. \"Yeah!\" Oddball agreed. \"Too bad the Buddies can't be here.\" \"The Buddies?\" Domino asked, then realized. \"Oh! Those are Air Bud's puppies that you're friends with, right?\" he then asked his sister. \"Yeah, we go on all sorts of adventures, especially with Uncle Patch.\" Oddball smiled. \"Yep, who knows? Maybe one time, we will go into space.\" Patch said. \"Didn't you guys already do that?\" Oddball asked. \"Oh, no, no,\" Patch shook his head. \"We played a space game before I told them that they had to get adopted.\" \"Oh... Yeah...\" Oddball chuckled sheepishly. \"I hope we see them again soon... Especially Budderball.\" \"Ooh, sounds like someone is in love.\" Domino smirked. Oddball blushed. \"What?!\" Patch cupped his muzzle with a small smirk. \"Nuh-uh!\" Oddball glared. \"Yuh-huh!\" Domino retorted. \"This could be a while.\" Patch sighed. Soon enough, they were all packed up and ready to go on the camping trip.[Chapter 18] \"And what am I supposed to do for three days?\" Meredith complained to Nick about the camping trip. \"Just stay home and knit?\" \"Honey, we do have kind of a sticky situation.\" Nick replied as he packed up the back with Atticus's help. \"Yeah, a twin kind of sticky situation.\" Atticus said. Elizabeth hummed as she didn't seem very fond of Meredith herself. \"Excuse me, what is she doing here?\" Meredith asked Nick about his ex. \"You see, that's part of the deal,\" Nick replied. \"The four of us and that new puppy, we, go together.\" \"Along with me and Amber and Atticus and Mo.\" Darla said as she came out with her duffel bag packed. \"What about Little Miss Duchess of Darkness?\" Meredith asked. Atticus held out his phone to show Cherry on his Skype. 'I'll be there in spirit.' Cherry replied. \"Oh, that makes sense.\" Meredith said. \"Hello, everything all right?\" Elizabeth walked over with a smile. \"Well, no actually it isn't,\" Meredith replied. \"I didn't realize you and these others were going to this little outing. And to tell you the truth, I'm not so sure if I'm okay with it.\" \"Oh, but didn't Hallie's dad tell you that he and Hallie does this camping trip every year before she has to go back to school?\" Darla smirked. \"Oh, Meredith, I absolutely insist you come along with us,\" Elizabeth then said which seemed to shock Meredith instantly. \"Really.\" \"That sounds like a great idea.\" Atticus smirked. \"Liz...\" Nick chuckled. \"Now honestly, Nick, I've messed up your entire weekend, the least I can do... Really, please...\" Elizabeth insisted. \"Great, so she'll be joining along; great, this way we can see how she reacts to the wilderness.\" Mo smirked as she came out with her own duffel bag. \"Okay, Cherry, we're about to hit the road, I'll send you some pictures in a few hours.\" Atticus said. 'Ten four.' Cherry replied before signing off of Skype. \"Oh and Annie's mother, I hope you will still join us.\" Mo said, having a suspicion that she'll try to get herself out of this. Elizabeth smiled nervously. \"Oh, of course...\" \"Truthfully.\" Mo said. Domino walked up to Meredith with a smirk. \"I'm going camping too~\" \"Oh, joy.\" Meredith said through her teeth. Domino chuckled. Meredith knelt down and looked dead into his eyes. \"You ruined my pumps, you little brat!\" she growled quietly. \"Oh, and I might do worse for you for scolding a puppy.\" Domino glared. \"Oh, yeah? Like what?\" Meredith smirked. \"If you hurt me, Mr. Parker might think you're not fit enough to be a new mother to Hallie or a good woman to have with me around.\" Domino smirked back. \"Oh, why, you little-!\" Meredith glared. \"Ah, ah, ah...\" Domino warned. Meredith growled and she decided to just grin and bear it. \"This is going to be enjoyable.\" Mo smirked. \"Very much.\" Atticus chuckled as he texted what was going on to Cherry. In Cherry's bedroom... Cherry's phone vibrated and she saw what Atticus had texted her. \"HA!\" And where she read Atticus's plan that he had texted her. Back at the Parker's... \"What did she say?\" Mo asked. \"LMBO.\" Atticus replied. \"In English?\" Mo asked. \"Laughing My Butt Off.\" Atticus translated. \"Ohh.\" Mo smiled. \"Guess she's happy now.\" Atticus said as he put his phone back in his pocket. Mo nodded as Nick then came to see if they were ready to go. \"We're ready.\" Atticus said. \"All right, guys, let's hit the road.\" Nick said. \"Owch.\" Domino and Annie cringed as they were not familiar with that metaphor. \"It means let's get going.\" Atticus told them. \"Oh...\" Annie and Domino then smiled in understanding. They were then saddled up and they were on the road for the camping trip which was part of Hallie and Nick's tradition. The only thing the twins didn't count on was Meredith. \"You think Annie and Hallie are gonna cook up a scheme?\" Mo asked Atticus as she lay her head on his shoulder throughout the long ride to the camping ground. \"Possibly.\" Atticus said. \"What is Meredith doing here?\" Hallie asked. \"She's coming with us...\" Mo replied as she helped Domino come up to sit in Annie's lap on the ride over to the camping site. \"I thought her name was Cruella?\" Domino asked, confused. \"Then again, she's changed.\" \"No, no, no, that's just what we call her,\" Annie explained to the puppy. \"You're safe from that devil woman, but right now, we have to worry about this devil woman.\" \"Can I pee on her again?\" Domino then smirked. \"I don't think that would be wise.\" Mo said. \"Aww...\" Domino pouted. Elizabeth still decided to stay out of the camping trip while Meredith seemed forced to go along. \"Are you serious?\" Mo asked. Elizabeth and Chessy smirked though as they had a sneaky plan about Meredith going along on the trip. Hallie and Annie then looked to each other and decided to come up with plans themselves about the trip with their new step-mother to get her out of the picture. Atticus drove behind Nick and they were on the way to the camping grounds. \"This will be interesting.\" Mo said. \"Totally...\" Atticus said as she rested against his chest while he drove with his other hand as his free hand was wrapped around her. \"Too bad Cherry can't see this, she might actually love it.\" \"Thanks for letting me come too,\" Patch smiled as he put his head out the window and his tongue dangled out. \"I'd like to see how well the twins and my nephew get along.\" \"No problem, Patch; besides, I don't want you to miss what they do to make Meredith lose it.\" Atticus said. \"I'm looking forward to it.\" Patch nodded. Mo then yawned and fell asleep while snuggling into Atticus's chest. It took a while, but they finally made it.[Chapter 19] Atticus smirked as Mo was against him. \"Good morning, Sleeping Beauty~\" Mo then slowly woke up and looked up while blushing and pulled back once she realized she had been snuggling against him. \"We're here.\" Atticus said. Mo smiled. \"Great.\" Annie and Hallie came to the teenagers. \"You guys wanna go on a hike?\" Hallie asked with a smile. \"Dad and I know the best trail.\" \"We're coming along anyways.\" Atticus said. \"Great!\" Hallie smiled. \"Come on, Annie, I'll show ya.\" \"Come on, Domino.\" Annie smiled down to her new puppy friend. Domino then hopped out of the car and went behind the twins. \"Coming, Meredith?\" Atticus smirked. \"I'm coming... I'm coming...\" Meredith replied as she was being extra careful while the others ha no problem going through the trail, especially Hallie, Annie, and Domino. \"Having problems?\" Mo smirked. \"Oh, I am gonna kill my trainer...\" Meredith grumbled before sitting down on a rock. \"Come on, keep walking.\" Patch said. Hallie picked up one rock and smirked as she had an idea. \"There is no way I'm letting a mutt tell me what to do.\" Meredith groaned as she sat down. \"You don't get out much, do you?\" Mo asked. \"Man, and I thought Cherry wasn't the outdoors type...\" Atticus scoffed about Meredith. \"Same here.\" Patch said. \"Why aren't we moving?\" Domino complained. \"Meredith needs to stop for a water break.\" Nick said. \"My trainer says I'm in great shape...\" Meredith complained as Annie secretly filled her bags with rocks. \"I can't believe people actually do this for fun.\" \"Dad, we can't stop again, at this rate, it'll take us three years to get to the lake.\" Hallie complained. \"I agree.\" Mo said. \"Meredith just isn't used to the altitude, everybody just chill, okay?\" Nick told the others. \"Fine.\" Patch said. \"I'm in serious pain...\" Meredith pouted while Hallie and Annie hid smirks to each other. \"We can see that.\" Atticus said. \"Wah, wah, wah.\" Mo whispered which made Patch and Domino laugh. \"Need some water, Mer?\" Atticus smirked. \"Somebody hand me my Evian, I can't move.\" Meredith replied. \"What's Evian?\" Domino asked his uncle. \"It's like her drink to keep her hydrated.\" Patch said. \"Ah...\" Domino then said in understanding. Annie was about to give the bottle to Meredith until she spotted a lizard which made her smirk. \"Brilliant...\" Hallie snickered once she saw that, but kept it quiet so Nick or Meredith wouldn't bust them. \"Here you go, Mer.\" Annie handed the bottle to the blonde woman with the lizard on the edge. \"This is going to be entertaining.\" Patch smirked. Meredith took the cap off and didn't even say thank you which made Domino mad, but he then laughed once he saw the blonde woman's reaction to the lizard. Meredith's reaction not only made Domino laugh, but also Patch. \"Honey, you okay?\" Nick walked over as he heard Meredith scream. \"What happened?\" \"This little guy was on her Evian bottle.\" Annie smiled as she picked up the lizard. \"Yeah, such a cutie.\" Mo smiled in agreement. \"Oh, he won't hurt you, Meredith.\" Nick also smiled. \"Oh, right, right, right, right, I know...\" Meredith replied. \"You, uh, go ahead... I'll be fine right here.\" Mo then let the lizard walk on her arms and it then looked at Meredith at the end of Mo's hands. \" GET THAT THING AWAY FROM ME! \" Meredith screamed. \"I hate things that crawl! How can you all touch that?! Just put it down.\" \"Oh, you poor thing, so scared to death.\" Mo cooed. The lizard seemed to really like Mo. \"You bet I am!\" Meredith glared. \"I was talking to the lizard...\" Mo glared back as she held the lizard. \"Oh, you poor baby... Let's put you down somewhere nice and soft, yes...?\" she then smirked as she put the lizard on Meredith's head. The lizard soon winked at Mo, having an idea why she put him there. Mo winked back to the lizard. \"Girls.\" Nick called to his daughters. \"What?\" Hallie and Annie replied. \"I'm going to take the lead with some of the others, the rest of you help Meredith.\" Nick replied. \"Oh, we will.\" Domino nodded. Meredith muttered about the others helping her. \"Need some help?\" Amber smirked at Meredith. \"Just what I need, you all helping me.\" Meredith glared. \"Hey, we're just wanting to help.\" Darla said innocently. \"Yeah... Right over a cliff...\" Meredith scoffed as she then stood up and stormed off. \"Not a bad idea.\" Hallie whispered. \"Yeah, see any cliffs?\" Annie whispered back in agreement. \"This bag is killng me.\" Meredith groaned. \"Need a hand, Mer?\" Darla offered. \"Not from any of you, thank you,\" Meredith sharply turned to them. \"Don't think I can't see right past those angelic faces. One more trick from you brats and I promise I will make your lives miserable from the day I say 'I do'. Got it?\" \"Got it.\" Annie said. \"Cruella.\" Hallie muttered. Meredith stopped again and sharply turned. \" What did you call me?\" \"Nothing, nothing, not a thing... Cruella.\" Hallie replied as she walked with Annie, Darla, and Amber before muttering the name again. Patch and Domino then followed the girls. \"Oh, by the way, Meredith; you have something in your hair.\" Darla said. Meredith touched her hair until she then felt the lizard and she screamed out. The lizard then slid down her face and went inside her mouth. Meredith shook her head with a whimper and spit out the lizard as she suffered. 'Sounds like she got her surprise.' Patch thought to himself. \"Are you all right?\" Nick rushed back over then looked to Meredith as Mo picked up the 'poor lizard'. \"What happened?\" \"Ask them!\" Meredith gagged as she pointed to the four girls. \"Oh, sure, blame the little girls.\" Mo glared. \"What did we do, Dad?\" Hallie asked innocently. \"We were right behind you.\" \"That's right.\" Darla smiled innocently. \"Poor thing...\" Mo pouted to the lizard. \"I bet my little brother could take much better care of you than her.\" The lizard nodded in agreement, looking scared. \"Oh, you poor thing...\" Mo cooed. \"I'll find you a much better home.\" The lizard smiled at that once they were at a safe distance from Nick and Meredith, the lizard gave Mo a thumb's up as it was only acting scared. Mo gave a thumb's up back with a giggle. \"Such a clever little reptile.\" \"I know.\" The lizard smirked. \"Oh, very funny...\" Mo chuckled as she then put the lizard in one of her vest pockets. The lizard then slid in and poked its head out once it had enough space. \"Ah, I love the view from up here.\" \"I thought you would.\" Mo smiled. The lizard smiled back to Mo, feeling attached to her already. Later that night, Atticus made a campfire and they were all eating trout to give it a try. That and S'Mores contained chocolate which meant that Patch and Domino would be left out of the evening meal. \"Dang it.\" Domino pouted. \"Don't worry, we'll be having trout so you and Patch can eat too.\" Atticus told them. \"Oh...\" Domino then said. \"Um... I don't think I like trout.\" \"Have you tried it?\" Patch prompted. \"Well, no, but it's fish, right?\" Domino pouted. \"I don't think I like fish.\" \"You won't know until you try it.\" Patch said. \"But what if I don't like it?\" Domino frowned. \"I always tell your sister to try new things...\" Patch encouraged. \"If you don't like it, I'll get you something, but please try it... For me...\" Domino sighed. \"Okay, I'll try some of it.\" \"Thanks.\" Patch smiled. Domino smiled back to his uncle. They all began to eat the trout, Atticus was unsure at first due to his connection to Atlantica and wasn't that crazy about eating seafood most of the time, but he did agree to the trout to give it a try as Mo was. The only one who didn't eat trout was Meredith. And where everyone enjoyed the trout. \"Now, aren't you glad you tried it?\" Patch prompted his nephew. \"Oh, yes!\" Domino beamed as he loved the trout. \"Want some?\" Mo asked Meredith. Meredith wrinkled her nose at the trout. \"It's good and good for you~\" Amber pried. \"Oh, yes, it very much is~\" Darla added. Atticus smiled once Darla tried and liked the fish despite being disgusted by it at first, reminding her of broccoli. \"No, thank you.\" Meredith said. \"Suit yourself...\" Mo shrugged as she ate the trout. \"Mm~\" Domino really enjoyed the trout and then put his paws over his belly as he was now full. \"Uh-oh... I think someone is full.\" Annie laughed. Domino let out a burp and cupped his muzzle. \"'Scuse me.\" \"You're so cute.\" Annie smiled. Domino smiled up to him. \"Isn't he, Mom?\" Hallie then asked Meredith. \"If that's okay if we can call you 'Mom'.\" \"Have some trout, Mom.\" Annie added in. \"I think your mother would prefer if you called me Meredith,\" Meredith replied as she tried to warm up by the fire. \"And no thank you, I do not eat trout, for the thousandth time. I will wait until breakfast. What're we having?\" \"Trout.\" Hallie, Annie, and Nick said together. \"That's basically what we'll be having on this trip.\" Mo said. \"Come on, it's part of the experience.\" Nick encouraged Meredith to give it a try. \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. \"Mm-hmm, and what's the other part?\" Meredith complained. \"Getting eaten alive by mosquitoes?\" \"Have you tried to use bug repellent?\" Mo asked. \"Yeah, but it's not working.\" Meredith said as she showed her bottle. Nick soon tried it out himself. Meredith watched him. Patch sniffed Nick and licked the substance. \"Tastes more like sugar and water to me, no wonder she's a mosquito buffet.\" \"Where'd you get this?\" Nick asked Meredith. Meredith then gave a long and cold look over to the twins who then ate their trout to avoid conversation. \"You wanna get some sleep?\" Mo suggested. \"You know, I think I will,\" Meredith replied. \"I am taking one large sleeping pill and going to bed.\" she then took two sticks and clanked them together with every step she took. \"Uncle Patch, what's she doing?\" Domino asked Patch. \"She's trying to scare off mountain lions.\" Patch laughed quietly. \"Meredith, there aren't any mountain lions here.\" Atticus said. Darla and Amber snickered to that. \"There aren't?\" Meredith asked. Nick shook his head with a smile. \"No.\" \"We're not even close to any mountains.\" Atticus said. Meredith threw the sticks down and then came in front of Nick and kissed him right on the mouth. Hallie and Annie merely rolled their eyes. Nick normally would've enjoyed the kiss, but for some reason now, he didn't feel a thing. \"You didn't feel a spark of love, did you?\" Mo whispered to Nick. Nick looked to her and shook his head when Meredith wasn't looking. \"It's because your true love is Elizabeth.\" Atticus whispered to him. Nick wasn't too sure about that. \"Good night...\" Meredith told the others as she came inside the tent. \"Night.\" Mo and Atticus said. \"Cruella.\" Domino muttered. Meredith didn't reply as she had already gotten into her tent. \"Girls, I'm telling you, lay off,\" Nick warned the others as he went back to eating his trout. \"This isn't her thing, okay? I'm not marrying her because she's Annie Oakley.\" \"Who's Annie Oakley?\" Annie asked. Darla and Amber shrugged. \"Just cool it.\" Nick replied. The full moon rose as the crickets chirped as the others were going to sleep. Patch and Domino went to a space together so they could howl. Hallie and Annie were going to do something that would surprise Meredith in a bad way. \"Don't stay up too late now, Domino.\" Patch said before yawning as he went into Atticus and Mo's tent. Domino nodded and was on his way to the other tent until the girls had an idea and needed his help. \"Hey, Domino, can you come over here?\" Annie whispered. Domino looked over and came over. \"She's really heavy, do you mind lending a paw?\" Hallie asked quietly. \"No problem.\" Domino smiled as he was super strong now like his uncle. He soon lifted up Meredith. \"Easy...\" Hallie and Annie told him. Domino nodded as he carried Meredith on her air mattress. \"I really hope that sleeping pill worked.\" Hallie said to herself. Once the air mattress was placed in the lake, Meredith floated along. Domino gently kicked the air mattress as it drifted out to the water. Hallie and Annie cheered before hugging each other to get rid of who could've been their wicked step-mother. \"She's going to have quite a morning when she wakes up.\" Domino whispered. Hallie and Annie giggled quietly as they then went back into the tent, now able to sleep peacefully. Domino joined them and mostly slept next to Annie more than Hallie.[Chapter 20] The next day came faster than anyone knew and where Meredith woke up and saw something that wasn't her husband to be. It was a bird and she screamed out once she realized she was stranded before she fell into the water. \" NICKY! \" \"Sounds like someone is scared.\" Mo said. Domino and Patch whined, Meredith's voice was so high and screechy, it could rival dog whistles. Everyone looked out to see her in the middle of the lake. \"Oh, man...\" Nick frowned once he saw Meredith before she fell into the water and sent a look to Annie and Hallie, knowing they had something to do with this. Meredith soon stormed out of the lake and towards Nick. \"She's mad...\" Darla shivered. \"Surely now Mr. Parker will see Miss Blake's not the woman for her.\" Amber hoped and prayed. Meredith was so mad that she kicked the kettle out of the way as she came to the man she 'loved'. \"What's goin' on?\" Nick asked. \"Here's what's going on, buddy!\" Meredith scowled. \"The day we get married is the day I ship those redheaded brats off to Switzerland! Get the picture? I don't care if I have to send their friends with them and lock those mutts off to a Dog Pound! It's me or them! Take your pick.\" Nick looked to his daughters and then smiled. \"Them.\" \"Excuse me?!\" Meredith glared. \"T-H-E-M, them,\" Nick replied. \"And I'd love to have the puppy with Annie be apart of our family, they seem like best friends like Hallie is with Sammy. \"I don't care about those brats or their animals, all I care about is the money!\" Meredith gasped once she realized she just spilled the beans of why she was going out with him and was wanting to marry him. \"Oh, is that right?\" Nick replied. \"I didn't mean that, I...\" Meredith trembled. \"I may not be human, but I am disgusted...\" Domino huffed as he stood by Annie's foot. \"Stay out of this, mutt.\" Meredith glared. Domino glared back. \"Meredith, I'm sorry, but I chose them,\" Nick replied. \"Get the picture?\" Meredith shook slightly and screamed at the top of her lungs. Atticus soon took a picture of Meredith screaming before texting the photo to Cherry. Mo snickered at Meredith's misery. \"I guess you need to leave now.\" Darla smirked to Meredith. \"Why you little brat!\" Meredith glared. \"Hey, I might've been a brat, but at least I changed.\" Darla glared back. Meredith growled. \"Leave my best friend alone!\" Amber glared as she showed a rare sign of anger. Nick, Atticus, Mo, Darla, Amber, Hallie, Annie, Patch, and Domino soon made their way back. \"You'd really take me in as your own?\" Domino asked Nick. \"You seem to get along nicely with Annie like when I adopted Sammy for Hallie,\" Nick smiled down to the puppy. \"Welcome to the family, Domino.\" \"I'm happy to be apart of the family.\" Domino smiled. Patch smiled as well as his nephew was very happy right now and it made him happy. He just hoped Dottie and Dipstick wouldn't miss him too much. \"Did we really have to be punished, Dad?\" Hallie asked. \"We'll talk about this later, girls.\" Nick said. Soon enough, they were pulling up to the driveway. \"Hallie's home!\" Sammy barked in excitement. \"Hey, Sammy!\" Domino smiled. Patch joined his nephew to see Sammy and they all instantly became friends. \"Back so soon?\" Elizabeth asked as they pulled up. \"Did you have fun?\" \"Well, I wouldn't go right for fun...\" Hallie replied. \"You wouldn't?\" Elizabeth asked. \"We've been punished to the end of the century.\" Annie replied. \"Starting now, GO!\" Nick firmly told his daughters. \"At least you didn't get to marry that horrible woman.\" Mo said. \"Take Darla and Amber home.\" Nick told Atticus. \"Aww...\" Darla and Amber frowned. \"Okay.\" Atticus said. Darla and Amber pouted, but then gave goodbye hugs to Hallie and Annie, wishing them luck. Darla and Amber stared out the car window as they were going back home while the twins would stay with Elizabeth and Nick. \"Are we in trouble too?\" Darla asked Atticus on the way home. \"No, you're fine,\" Atticus said before chuckling. \"Besides, something deep down is telling me that Nick will realize he' still in love with Elizabeth.\" \"Same here.\" Mo agreed. \"But then why do I have a feeling he'll realize that only after Elizabeth, Annie, and Domino leave?\" Cherry asked. \"There has to be something we can do...\" Darla said as she waved as Amber's mom picked her up and drove her back home. \"We can be in London when they are together.\" Atticus said. \"I just want this to be a happy ending.\" Darla pouted. \"Oh... Come here...\" Mo said before giving Darla a warm and comforting hug. \"Oh, trust me, it will.\" Atticus said as he brought out tickets for a flight to London. Darla then looked from the hug and saw the tickets. \"When the time is right, we'll use these.\" Atticus smiled to his little sister. \"And is the time right?\" Darla asked. \"Give it a day, we just came back home.\" Atticus said. Darla then nodded and yawned as she went to get as much sleep as she could get until it would be time to go. The next day came soon and where it seemed to be raining. The rain seemed to fit with the doomy and gloomy mood with Hallie and Annie's future with their parents still split up. \"We better go now.\" Atticus said. \"But it's such a beautiful day...\" Cherry pouted. \"Still.\" Atticus said. Darla was sound asleep in her bed. \"Darla, wake up, we're going to London...\" Atticus gently shook her awake. Darla sat up and yawned while rubbing her eyes. \"Okay.\" After she got dressed, they rushed to the airport. Darla fell asleep on the way, curled up into her blanket and nuzzled against the pillow. Atticus then helped her out once they had to start walking again. Once they arrived at the airport, Darla could see Annie and Domino feeling sad. Coco, Beamer, Dottie, and Dipstick did the best they could to comfort Domino as he looked rather miserable. \"This is just not fair.\" Domino frowned. \"Oh, it'll be all right, sport...\" Beamer attempted to soothe. \"Yes, all will be well...\" Coco cooed. Dottie and Dipstick comforted their son the best that they could. \"Thanks for letting me stay with Annie and her mum...\" Domino told his parents. \"If she makes you happy, we're happy.\" Dottie smiled. \"Thanks...\" Domino smiled back. \"I'll be sure to visit when I can.\" \"No rush,\" Dipstick patted him on the head gently. \"We sure will miss you, but it is time for you to leave the nest... Oh, wait, that's birds.\" \"I think it's a metaphor.\" Domino said. \"Your father was always the simple one.\" Dottie chuckled. Domino hugged his parents with a small sniffle. Elizabeth and Annie waited under an umbrella so they could go back home now. Domino then joined them and followed them home. Once he got over to them, the three of them could now get home. \"Come along, Domino.\" Annie told the puppy. \"I'm coming.\" Domino said. Domino ran into the house and gently shook himself dry once they came back into the house. \"Hello, we're home!\" Elizabeth called. \"Grandfather?\" Annie also called, but there was no answer. \"I'll check the study.\" Elizabeth told her daughter and new puppy. Domino was still sad but then he smelled some familiar scents one of which was Hallie's scent and another scent was his favorite uncle's. Annie looked miserable as she then sat down and put her bag down. \"I have some good news~\" Domino smiled to her. \"Oh?\" Annie replied. \"Yeah and it's in the study.\" Domino said as he rushed to the study. Annie then followed him. Elizabeth came in, thinking her father was with his newspaper. \"Hey, stranger.\" \"Hey, Mom,\" Hallie smiled as she put the newspaper down. \"Did you know that Cherry's sister knows a Concorde that can get you here in half the time?\" \"It's true.\" Cherry said as she appeared next to Hallie. \"Yes, I-I've heard that...\" Elizabeth said, still shocked to see them. Domino came running in and where Annie followed after him and where she soon saw her twin. \"Hey, what're you doing here?\" Annie smiled to her twin. \"It took us thirty seconds after you guys left for us to realize we didn't want to lose you two again.\" Hallie said, standing up from behind the desk. \"We?\" Elizabeth asked. Then, as if on cue, Nick walked into the room with a smile to her. \"We.\" Domino soon went past him as he went to his favorite uncle. Patch then hugged his nephew. \"Hey, Domino.\" \"Hi, Uncle Patch!\" Domino beamed. \"Let's listen to what Nick has to say.\" Patch whispered to his nephew. Domino nodded and they then watched Nick as he approached Elizabeth. \"I made the mistake of not coming after you once, Lizzy,\" Nick said as he approached his ex-wife. \"I'm not going to do that again no matter how brave you are.\" \"And I suppose you just expect me to go weak at the knees and fall into your arms and cry hysterically,\" Elizabeth replied. \"And say we'll just figure this whole thing out, a bicontinental relationship with our daughters being raised here a-and there and you and I just... Picking up where we left off, and... Growing old together, and... And...\" she then sighed. \"Come on, Nick, what do you expect? To live happily ever after?\" \"Yes, to all of the above,\" Nick replied as he cupped her face into his hands. \"Except you don't have to cry hysterically.\" \"Oh, yes, I do.\" Elizabeth slowly nodded and the two then kissed on the lips. And where they both felt the spark of love when they kissed. Annie and Hallie smiled warmly as their dreams had become reality. \"Aw!\" Darla smiled. Annie smiled and fell backwards into a chair. \"We actually did it.\" Hallie squealed. \"I knew it would end happily.\" Atticus said. \"Must you always be right?\" Cherry deadpanned to her best friend. \"He always is.\" Mo said. Cherry fluttered her lips while Atticus only chuckled and ruffled up her hair. Before everyone knew it, Nick and Elizabeth were remarried and made everyone that made this possible as guests to their new wedding and while they shared their dance together, Martin had proposed to Chessy and she of course agreed. More importantly, Hallie and Annie got to live with each other as sisters. They were then curious about their grandmother and Charles decided to tell them about her when he would get the chance as he had something very important to share with them about her which would lead to them having a new adventure together with their new friends. The End ","Summary":" \"Oh, Darla, you're almost a teenager...\" Jessica hugged her little sister. \"And you're off to sp"},{"Movie":"Shanghai Noon Night","Title":"Their Secret Ravel","Author":"V. C. Baskermoth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4838840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -1[ Summary :nWhile Chon Lin is engaged on her quest for honor and revenge - LordnRathbone searches for a way out of a very tangled web - Preferablynalive.'] Anstory of change of heart, an exchange of trust and uncertain endings. TheirnSecret Ravel ~AnShanghai Knights Fan Fiction~ BynV. C. Baskermoth {Thisnwas pretty much a one-shot. The idea bubbled around for a short timenbefore I just sat down and wrote it. Reviews are appreciated! Also –nfor those who have seen the movie: there are a couple of detailsnchanged, just for a more historical accuracy for this tale. For thosenof you who have not yet seen the movie: SPOILERS ! You'venbeen warned.} [ Disclaimer :nI do not own the characters or any events, which appear in ShanghainKnights.] [Thanksnfor the reviews, they have been most helpful, and useful always!nThanks Auburn Red for keeping me motivated in getting the lastnchapters up. I may have chickened out otherwise.^.~][Chapter 2] -1 I ThenForbidden City Beneathnthe light of a full moon, Peking glowed beneath a blanket of snownwhile elegantly sloped rooftops cut into a dark sapphire sky. Quietnas it sat, the city never truly slept. At all hours guards remainednon a constant vigil to the temples. Fornmany weeks they had undergone preparations to carry out an effectivenraid on the city… Alreadynthe English diplomat to China had his luggage sent to the ship, andnalready the Forbidden City knew him to be gone. It was not so. LordnRathbone had lingered discreetly behind, with one more confidentialnmission to complete before he could return home. ThenBoxers lined the walls at their appointed lookouts. A select few keptnready their crossbows on one shoulder and their grappling hooks onnthe other while many of the other Boxers kept their swords at theirnsides, ready for whatever needed to be done. Withnsilent nods to one another, they signaled that the first wall wasnsafe to climb. With their ropes and hooks, the first four scaled thenwall and disappeared over the tops of the snowy stonewall. A momentnlater and the gate would be opened from inside, the imperial guardsnlying dead at the Boxer's feet. Anlarge number of boxers were needed, for their steps would be easilyntracked for miles afterwards. Among a sea of rebels, they swarmedninside the Forbidden City. Throughnthe elaborate labyrinth of buildings and gardens he allowed Lieu,nhead Boxer, to lead the way. Anrow of lanterns ahead signified an entrance to a portion of thenForbidden City that no one had been permitted to view, save the verynelite guardsmen and the family of the Keeper inside. Lieunstopped the band and signaled them without a word. Silently theynscattered into the shadows, taking immediately to climbing the walls.nAlarmed, Rathbone stayed behind in the shade with Lieu, concerned asnto what had brought them to a stop. They waited for a long time,nlooking about through the pillars and exterior hallways that werensheltered with only a rooftop. For long moments, Rathbone could seennothing but his breath on the wind and the occasional flicker of thentorchlight that lined the pathway to the temple building. Finally,na flicker of red and orange crossed the smooth surface of the coverednwalkway. A large decorative lantern hung by an extended hook,nlighting the way ahead for the hooded figure. Rathbonenlocked his gaze upon the figure and his eyes narrowed. The figure wasnwalking swiftly from the covered hall and down into the courtyard,ntoward their destination. A moment of uncertainty passed as henstudied the figure… it walked nothing like the old man Lieu hadndescribed. Thenfigure made it's way up the steps, the guards moved to open thendoor. When the doors were closed, Rathbone moved closer to Lieu andnwhispered silently, \"Is he alone?\" Lieunshook his head, \" His daughter .\" He informed in Chinese. Rathbonennodded, calculating the complication while they waited a momentnlonger. When it seemed the hooded figure would not be leaving thenconfines of the building anytime soon, Lieu waved the rooftop Boxersnon. Thenfour Imperial Guards stood dutifully at their task of watching thencourtyard at the base and the top of the stairs. Watched as thenBoxers stalked along the rooftops and began to lower a rope, rollingntheir wrists to cause the rope to curl into a twirl until theynlowered enough to snag sharply around the guardsmen's necks. Thenmen gagged, and with the many hands atop the rooftops, the guardsmennwere lifted from the ground. The remaining two guardsmen turned fromnthe foot of the stone stairway, only to find spears upon the ground.nPuzzled, and before the notion of alarm could set in there camenarrows, zipping through the icy air. The first was killed instantly,nfalling to the ground with a silent thud. The second stared withnshock, eyes opened wide as his knees buckled. He fell to the groundnas a shadow crept over him. Looking upward, his widened eyes shownnwith realization. Lieunglared down, his nostrils flared as he raised his sword high tonfinish the job. \" BOXERS !\"nThe guardsman cried with his last breath before a spray of bloodnspotted the snow-covered steps.[Chapter 3] -1 II ThenImperial Seal Linnstepped silently into the temple. The imperial guards silently closednthe doors behind her, shutting out the cold when she cleared thendoorway. The room, alight in crimson and ebony, reflected warmly offnthe polished surface of the floor. Setting the long handle of thenlantern into the placement on the wall, she removed her cloak andndraped it delicately onto the bar beside the door to dry. Annenvelope in her pocket, she overlooked the contents withnapprehension. Her father may not wish to show his appreciation fornthe news… Afternpreparing hot tea, she lifted the tray and stepped quietly down thendecorative hall, the envelope resting beneath the cups. One of thenmany duties of caring for the seal was to keep it clean, shined andnbrilliant. Lin had spied upon it before, but it was a rarity. A flashnof light peered through the dark archway as she approached. A glimmernlike no other diamond could offer held her gaze, and she took thenmoment to admire the colors it reflected from the lamps. Her father'snback to her, yet he paused, his ear being turned toward her approach. \" Younare not permitted to gaze upon the Imperial Seal .\" He firmlynreminded her. Linngasped, averting her eyes immediately, and waited. Withnthe seal nestled into the red velvet casing, he let the lid down andnlocked it safely inside. The golden key was replaced around his neck,ntucked into the folds of his clothing. Hernfather stepped around the archway, greeting his daughter with ansilent gesture to have her accompany him at their table nearby.nSeeing the tea, he gruffly muttered to himself how warm drinks werensuch a blessing in bitter weather. Anfaint smile set on her lips as she lowered the tray and then herself.nWith delicacy she poured their drinks, swiping the envelope andndropping it to her lap. Remaining silent as she continued to pondernhow to break the news to him, Lin lowered her cup to the table. \" We'vena letter from Wang …\" She said with stifled enthusiasm. Thenenvelope, letter and photograph were dropped carefully upon thentable. \" He sends his love .\" Hernfather peered through his glasses and shook his head at it, refusingnto touch it or regard it any further. \" You're brother is deadnto me .\" Discouraged,nLin frowned and lifted her tea, averting her eyes from both hernfather and brother's picture. Wang had left them for America on anquest, never to return. Her father claimed he had abandoned them…nangry that his only son would not return to follow in his footsteps.nMemories seemed to become bitter, and the mere mention of Wangnbrought her father into a cold silence each time since. \" BOXERS !\" Anraised voice muffled through the door, bringing their teacups tonlower. Both Lin and her father shot up from their seats. \" Hide,nLin !\" He ordered and moved from the cushioned seat. Linnscurried to the archways and climbed up high, lodging herself abovenand out of sight just in time. The door slammed open and the snowndrifted in with an icy wind. Shimmers of blades in the hands of thenintruders brought Lin's heart to skip. But it was the sight of thenman they made way for that brought her heart to sink. AnnEnglish diplomat she had spied on once fearlessly prowled inside,npenetrating the building with long strides until he came to the endnroom where their tea still sat steaming. Spotting this, he seemed tonignore it, and turned then to the second table where the seal'sngolden box lay. He knelt before it, running a gloved hand along thenback of it for any sign of the key. Itnwas then Lin's father stepped beside him, a thin blade coming tonsharply tap beneath the Englishman's chin. \"Notnone step further,\" Came her father's careful order in English. Slowly,nand at her father's command, the Englishman rose to his feet. Muchnto Lin's discomfort, the man smirked. \"The Keeper of the ImperialnSeal… Just the man I was looking for.\" Sensingndanger, and hearing no sign of approaching imperial guards, Linndropped from the ceiling to break up the boxers at the door. \"Anwoman?\" The man said, sounding quite amused, \"My you Chinese are productive.\" ThenBoxers recovered from their surprise and closed in on her. But Linnwas ready, she kept them at bay, knocking them down as best shencould. She'd learned from the best, she'd learned from hernfather, her brother, and in her brother's place she had made thenmost of it… her technique was paying off. Butnas she engaged in combat, Rathbone engaged himself in something morentactical. He locked his gaze onto the old man, who held the bladensteadily at his throat. Watched as his eyes wavered, straining tonkeep an eye on him instead of his daughter… And finally thenopportunity arose. Thenwoman let out a cry of pain, and the old man's eyes shifted in herndirection. Rathbone acted, pulling aside the sword and grasping thenold man's arm painfully, locking him in a hold while he removed annobject from his belt. Thenold man let out a cry of discomfort at the twist his arm was in, onlynsilencing at the sight of a strange dagger that was being raised upnhigh. Rathbonenstabbed the old man, the dagger thrusting into his side. The Keepernwinced, looking to his killer with shock and confusion. \"Angift from an old friend…\" Rathbone bitterly announced beforentaking hold of the chain that lay around the old man's neck. \"WunChow…\" The old man said, feeling the warmth of blood soaking downnhis side. Rathbone wrapped his gloved hand around the chain at thenKeeper's neck and yanked it off with a triumphant sneer. Seeingnher father collapse, Lin sat up on the cold floor. \"Father…\"nShe breathed and pushed herself to her feet. Closing in on Rathbonenshe instinctively swung her foot into his face, knocking him backnhard by the jaw. Rathbone stumbled clumsily and fell to his side,nhaving been knocked dizzy. Linnquickly huddled over her father, urgently speaking in Chinese. ThenBoxers flooded in behind her, taking her by her arms and holding hernaway from the dying man. Rathbonenwiped his lower lip from a trickle of blood. He sneered and rose tonstand straight. He regarded her with silence and a mocking smile. Butnhe was no longer amused. Glowering, he returned the favor with a kicknto her abdomen. Slipping from the Boxer's grasp, she collided withnthe floor, knocked into unconsciousness. Rathbonenreturned to the golden box, unraveling the golden chain from aroundnhis gloved hand to find the dragon key dangling at the end of it. Thenseal's golden container was opened for only a moment. Seeing it wasninside, he locked it away and tucked the key deep into his pocket.nThe gold box was heavy as he lifted it carefully from the table andnnestled it beneath an arm. ThenBoxers circled around the remaining two who groaned in pain upon thenfloor. \"Move out.\" He said to them. Uncertaintyncrossed their faces as they looked back to the moaning figure of Linnupon the ground. But, as ordered, they tore from the room and out ofnthe building. Linnwas dazed, her head lulling from side to side before she was strucknwith the realization of what truly just happened. Gasping, she lookednto the doorway as the cloaked figure of Lord Rathbone billowed fromnthe room, followed by the band of rebels. \" Father !\"nShe gasped and made her way to him, pulling herself along the smoothnsurface of the floor. He lay on his side, eyes half closed behind hisncrooked spectacles, \" Father …\" She whispered, taking hisnhand to her chin. A gut-wrenching feeling swelled up in her as henreached into his robe and removed a small ebony puzzle box. \" Giventhis … to your brother …\" Quiet, strained breaths.nWith effort, he gripped her hand, an attempt to make one last plea,n\" The seal … you must … get it back .\" Thensting of tears began to burn her eyes as she watched him and slowlynnodded. \" I promise .\"[Chapter 4] -1 III Returnnto England Theynescaped the Forbidden City as easily as they had invaded it. Ridingnhard beneath a moonlit sky and across the icy roads and bridges. Overnthe coarse of four days the band of Boxers escorted Lord Rathbonenthrough Tienstin and then to the harbor. There the schooner waited,nbobbing slightly in the winds that gusted through. Stoppingntheir horses beside the docks, Rathbone swung his leg over andndismounted. Boots crunched into the snow and slush, and he felt thenache of a long ride in his lower back. Ignoring it for the timenbeing, he turned and untied the golden box from the saddle, sensingnthe horse was glad to be rid of the extra weight. Tuckingnit beneath his arm, he turned to face Lieu, who approached him withncaution. \"Whyndi' we not kill the girl?\" He asked in horrid English. Sensingnsomething disquieting, Rathbone briefly turned his eyes to the Boxersnfar behind Lieu. They looked on with distractingly curious gazes asnthey moved to the task of boarding the schooner. \"Arenyou afraid of a woman?\" Lieunshook his head. \"She'snno more a threat once we're on that ship.\" Spoken with confidencenas he allowed another approaching Boxer to take the reigns of thenhorses. \"Is… it on the ship?\" Lieunnodded, \"Yes.\" Apprehensive,nhe nodded and moved to make his way up the flimsy ramp. The tigernroared and bellowed from the lower cabins, and Rathbone paused on thendeck, turning to the Boxers as they began to ready the sails andnraise the anchor. \"Lieu,\"nLieu appeared at the command, \"Have they started yet?\" Lieunnodded, \"Yes, today.\" \"Veryngood.\" Was all Rathbone would comment on before climbing below decknto settle the seal into his cabin. Itnwas a small room, cluttered and crowded by the little luggage he hadnbrought with him. The seal was set atop the dressing table. Takingnthe dressing chair, he seated himself and began the small task ofnfixing the chain that held the key. It was going to be a long voyage,nand he needed that key to stay safely hidden from any Boxers who maynfeel tempted to steal a look or the Imperial Seal itself. Onlynfifteen minutes passed before Rathbone cursed under his breath. Thenchain was yanked roughly out from the key and dropped to the table.nUnbuttoning the first few buttons of his lapels, he slipped the keyninto his vest pocket and refastened the buttons. Nauseanbegan to settle into the pit of his stomach, and he rose from hisnseat. The numbness from the coldness outside was beginning to thawnout, along with the sickness of what he had done hours earlier. Itnhad seemed so unreal… the hypnotizing glow of a full moon followednby the enticing crimson light of the temple's room. The events thatnunfolded began to replay in his mind as he looked down to the brokennchain on the tabletop. Anlight snort as he shook his head at himself for even second guessingnit. The old man would probably live… he was certain of it. Besides,nWu Chow never specified who was to die or live… With some newnresolve, Rathbone confidently reminded himself that if Wu Chow wasnunhappy with the results then it was a mistake on Wu Chow's part. Althoughnleaving witnesses never settled well with him, he'd become certainnthat with the twenty something white diplomats residing near thenForbidden City, and the hundreds of other Englishmen in Peking, andnthe fact he had not once been introduced to either the Keeper or hisndaughter, he was safe. As rumors have it, he left a week ago…nAlibis were abundant when you had nearly inexhaustible wealth. Nervousnessnor seasickness washed through him once more. Swooning, he pressed angloved hand to his forehead, urging it away before he turned on hisnheel and left his cabin behind. A violet glow shined down from thendeck and he stepped out into the crisp ocean air. Dawn wasnapproaching, setting a gentle hue of violet and blue over the harbornthey left behind. Gray and purple land fading out into the morningnmist. Somethingnmoved along the line of the docks. Stepping to the edge of the deck,nhe narrowed his eyes upon the figure on horseback. Turning around, henwaved for the crewmember to hand him a set of binoculars. Quicklynfocusing them upon the dockside, he found himself looking into a pairnof dark and determined eyes. The Keeper's daughter looked on,ngripping the reigns with frustration, knowing she had missed the lastnship out. Overtakennwith disbelief, Rathbone lowered the binoculars and shook his head, anstifled laugh under his breath. Raising them once again, he literallyncaught the tail end of a galloping horse as it rode out of sight. Lieu,nseeing Rathbone near a subtle snicker, stepped up beside him, lookingnquizzically. \"What…?\" HandingnLieu the binoculars, \"Nothing.\" He said, smirking again as henturned to patrol the deck. \"Nothing.\" Fornmany weeks they sailed with the tiger, a gift from Emperor of Chinanto the Queen of England. It was a tamed creature, docile and lazy…nHowever by the end of the voyage, the animal had transformed into anhorrible beast of claws and teeth. Presenting the creature any othernway would be unfitting for what Rathbone planned… Anferocious gift to Her Majesty, a symbol of Chinese warfare andnstrength, in honour of Victoria's fifty prosperous years on thenthrown would undoubtedly make a few old men scratch their heads.nHowever, once the rebellion in China would begin, and the peoplenwould appear unhappy with their Emperor bringing in outsiders toninterfere with their old world, surely the rest of the world wouldnbegin questioning the changes in both China and England. WunChow had always expressed an indifference to outsiders. He hadnadopted well the gentlemanly habits of the English. He spoke theirnlanguage quite well, even if not perfect… but since he was young henhad lived in the shadow of The Boy Emperor. Being the bastard brothernof the Emperor, Wu Chow had resided in the palace. But his life amongnluxury had proved to be more a cruel tease than the real respect henfelt he had the right to. Henwatched as his baby brother played with the Imperial Seal. The Sealnwas a symbol of Imperial power… a power that Wu Chow believednbelonged to him instead. WunChow lurked outside the Forbidden City. He still had devotednfollowers within the walls, keeping him updated on the happeningsninside the palace. After prying into the private lives of the Englishndiplomats, Wu Chow had pinpointed Lord Rathbone. Henapproached the man with caution, first bringing about casualnconversation. Lord Rathbone seemed impressed by his knowledge ofnEnglish culture and language, and welcomed him into his company, allnthe while expressing his own curiosities about the side of China thatnthe Emperor and the Dowager Empress seemed rather skiddish ofnmentioning. Boxers,na topic much avoided in court and even more frowned upon forninquiring. Wu Chow had satisfied Rathbone's curiosity of them, evennintroducing him to a few. Their first meeting had not gone smoothly.nThe Boxers were quite aggitated at Rathbone's arrival into theirnmidsts, even threatening to kill Wu Chow and send the Englishman backnto Peking in a box. But Wu Chow managed to gain their ear. \" Henhas influence !\" He argued in Chinese, and Lieu helped silencenthe rest of the rebels. \" His Lordship has the ear of QueennVictoria and the Emperor …\" ThenBoxers were listening. Rathbonentried to supress his alarm, and pulled Wu Chow aside. \" What are you saying?\" \"I'mnsaying you have influence.\" He translated for him. \"Inmean, why are you telling them this?\" WunChow looked to him carefully, \"Would you rather me tell them you'renunwilling to help in their cause after stepping into their camp? I donnot think you would return to your beloved England to see another,nwhat you call, Christmas.\" Rathbonentook a moment to think it over and released Wu Chow's arm, noddingnhis approval. Turningnto the Boxers, Wu Chow spoke again, \"He's agreed to help pull thenEnglish out of China.\" \" How ?\"nLieu asked, skeptically crossing his arms. WunChow grinned impishly, \"By taking the Imperial Seal.\" Anbuzz of voices roared up around the campsite. \"Impossible!\" Lieunargued. \"Improbable.\" Afterntelling the Boxers of the followers inside the palace and hisnrelation to the Emperor, they soon vowed their loyalty to him if hencould lead China into an age without outside influence. Naturallynthe Boxers expressed worry over Lord Rathbone's involvement, askingnwhat he was to gain from it. Wu Chow turned to regard his newnassociate with a thoughtful glare before he smiled back to Lieu. \"Hengets the English crown: complete control – absolute influence. Thatnwill insure both England and China's solitary safety.\" Rathbonenwas taken aback. The crown? He had remained silent thorughout thenentire ordeal, only speaking when Wu Chow was secretly returning himnto the Forbidden City after nightfall. \"Thencrown.\" He repeated with disbelief, \"You do realize that for mento inherit the throne there would need to be something enormouse tonrid off the nine other heirs who are lined up before I.\" WunChow continued to grin as he dismounted. \"I realize that.\" Henwaited a moment before dismounting next. \"And you really expect nonone will suspect that I'm involved in this plan.\" \"Yes.\" Rathbonengave an exhasperated laugh, \"You've been scheming all this up fornsome time haven't you?\" \"Yes.\"nHe quipped, turning to Rathbone outside the stables. \"You can takenyour horse from here alone I assume?\" \"Hownwould you actually plan this?\" \"Inknew you would not be wholly disgusted.\" Pausing a moment tonreconsider, Wu Chow finally gave in, \"If you happen to be missed innthe crossfire you will be regarded as a hero and welcomed with opennarms as the new king. And I, after the Emperor and Dowager Empressnare proven to be poison to China, will be praised at my timelynarrival to save China from a downfall. Treaties between us,npeacefulness and our worlds belong to us. No repeat of the OpiumnWars. No worry about what damage the Dowager Empress of QueennVictoria may cause for our future. Do you really prefer living in thenshadow of a woman…?\" Fallingnsilent, Rathbone looked to the darkened ground. The crown. The powernthat one was capable of… he could restore power to England throughnwhatever means he knew to be necessary, to have the final word… Finallynhe looked up to Wu Chow, who had been waiting, watching him like somenpanther. \"What would you have me do in turn?\" Hisngrin broadened, \"The Seal of course.\"[Chapter 5] IV LondonnHospitality Shenshivered at the memory… what she had left behind. She did not takenimmediate flight after the murderers, the rebels. By her father'snside as their doctor tended to him… but the wound that should notnhave been fatal was. \" Poison ,\"nThe doctor said with regret. Linnwas left to the horror of watching her father slowly succumb to thenpain of the poison in his system, and the slow bleeding from hisnwound. His last words, repeated again and again in her head. \" S-stop … them …\"nHe had said, crushing her hand in his own as he struggled against theninevitable. Finally, when the sun rose he ceased of all movement.nPrying her hand from his, she swore again through her tears that shenwould set things right. ThenImperial Guards had requested she see the Dowager Empress immediatelynin her court for a full assessment of the situation, but Lin arguednthat the Boxer's trail was growing colder. The insisted, and whennthey left her alone to freshen up to visit the Dowager Empress, shensnuck out to the palace stables. Fleeing the Forbidden City, shenwasted no time, taking shortcuts over the lands where the roads wouldnbend. She had caught up well, catching the sails in the distance asnshe finally reached them on the fourth day. But as she crossed thenrise of the coast, her heart dropped. The schooner carrying both thenrebels and the murderous Englishman had already left port. She rode,nnonetheless, to the dock… but she knew the water was too cold tonswim and the schooner far too swift to chase. Leftnwith dispair, she fell into sobs at the dockside. An old fishermanntook pity on her, and he and his wife took her in for a day utnil thennext ship arrived. Only then was she renewed with hope andndetermination to hunt down her father's killer. Someonencalled from the deck above. Lin was roused from her daydream,nscurrying to her feet to make her way to the deck. Pushing her waynthrough the crowd of English passengers, she found her way to thenedge and caught sight of gray docks and frosted rooftops. It wasn'tnthe most spectacular sight, nor was it close to the prettiness of thenwhite shores of the ocean coast… but the Thames certainly had it'snown flavor. England .nRathbone thought, looking upward through his frosted window. It wasngood to be home in London, beneath the mucky sky and the filthynstreets below. Though it hardly held the fragrance of blossoms andnspices like China, it had its own familiar aroma of chimney smoke,nand with the season, cider. Lettingnthe curtain drap back to cover the window, he turned to the rest ofnhis study. His steps muffled by the thick carpet, he paced, conjuringnand perfecting the last of his speech for Parliament. Leaning overnhis desk, he scribbled the last note onto his paper and crossed outnthe previous section. Droppingnthe pen to the desk, he rubbed his hands together and then claspednthem behind his back. Something still nagged him, gnawing at the backnof his mind. Pacing slowly upon the carpet, he closed his eyes,nallowing the source of his troubles to bring an image. Shenhad followed them all the way to the harbor. She would likely follownhim all the way to England… But the girl could not have known whonhe was, he was certain. Or was he so certain? He stopped pacing,nfrowning at himself as he realized he was thinking too much on it.nWith all of England for her to search, and being supressed by hernnationality and leniage, he should not have had anything to worrynabout. But it stuck to his mind like flypaper… and he wonderednwhere she was. Linnhad little with her: a small bag and a roll of a blanket upon hernback. She walked down the roped ramp into the crowded dock below,nnervous as there fell a few strange glances her direction. Peoplenpushed, people shouted, people waved their arms up high. Thenthickness of the crowd's airspace brought her to cough and gag, andnwhen she hit a cloud of cigar smoke it had been the last straw. Thenman bellowed out a deep chuckle, and the smoke poured from his brownnteeth before her, his arms lifted, widespread to greet the man whonwalked behind her. The smell from under his arms was worse. Linnclasped a hand over her mouth and nose and dropped to the floor,ncrawling her way out of the crowd and onto a more desolate portion ofnthe docks. Shenlooked back to the dissipating crowd as they took their friends andnloved ones from the docks with rosy, merry cheeks. Taking her firstnbreath of fresher air, she stifled a hiccup of sobs, wondering ifnWang would receive her letter anytime soon … Or if ever. Takingnher single bag and blanket, she pressed on down the street,nattempting to ignore the awkward and curious glances toward her. Shenturned down a less crowded street… or she thought it was. Thenalley was darker, and for a moment she stopped there, taking in hernsurroundings as she leaned against the wall, looping her thumbsnbeneath the bag on her shoulder. A ruckus caused her to look down thenalley in time to see a cat digging into a knocked over trash bin. Sighing,nLin pressed on, journeying down the alley in silence. \"Pleasantnmorning for a tour of Lud's town, isn't it?\" A croaky voicencalled. Linndidn't stop walking, keeping her face forward and her back to thenvoice. But the voice followed, growing closer to her ear. \"Care forna tour?\" Shenfrowned, casting a side-glance to the man and his yellow smile beforenpushing his hand away from her face and continued walking. Hentipped his top hat and scratched his rugged gray beard. \"I'llngive you a discount if you do something for me…\" He appeared onnher other shoulder, grinning ear to ear before a foul breath pourednout from his mouth, \"Come on, love. I don't want to play nasty.\"nA small blade snapped out, shimmering against the light before herneyes. Linnjumped to a standstill. Lin had enough. Without anymore warning, shenturned and slammed the ball of her palm into his jaw. He hit thenfloor with an, \" Oof !\" Knockednsilly, he rocked on his backside until his eyes straightened. But Linnhad vanished. \"I'llnget you… wait and see.\" He gruffly vowed, holding his jaw.[Chapter 6] -1 V ThenHouse of Lords \"Firstnorder of business My Lords,\" The Lord Great Chamberlain boomednthroughout the chamber, silencing the buzz of voices that filled thenroom. \"Is a report from our esteemed friend Lord Rathbone, whonrecently returned from a diplomatic mission to China.\" LordnRathbone rose from his seat, straightening the lapels of his alwaysnimmaculate, black suit. He stepped down to the center of thenauditorium. Confidence and clarity rang in his voice as he addressednthem, in an attempt to break the news gently and without annoverdramatic tone. The words, he knew, would be enough on their own. \"Mynfellow Lords.\" He started, \"I'm afraid I bring disturbing newsnfrom the Orient. The Opium Wars have ravaged the lands and thenEmperor's enemies are organizing. The most vicious are the Boxers.nA band of godless rebels who murder without discretion.\" The housenbecame unsettled with the murmur of nervous voices. Rathbone droppednthe confident note to a dire tone, \"China is not well.\" Whilenthe house was swept into another murmuring buzz, Rathbone waved tonthe doormen, who moved quickly to open the doors. A deep roarnthundered through the auditorium as a cage was rolled into sight.nWhat had once been a tamed tiger now swiped and hissed mostnferociously to those who carefully pulled it inside. Voicesnarose in alarm and many stood from their seats. \"Whatnthe devil!\" \"Is he mad?\" \"What on Earth?\" The voices rangndown like music to his ears… it was proving much easier than he hadnanticipated. The old men were shaken, startled and anxious… even ifnto just have the tiger removed from their sight. \"Givennto Her Majesty Queen Victoria by the Emperor Keung Hsu in recognitionnof the fifty glorious years on the throne.\" Fifty years too long,nas far as he was concerned… the thought would remain unspoken, butnhis contempt was soon directed toward the tiger. \"Long live thenQueen.\" Thentiger swiped one last time before they finally rolled it back out.nRathbone turned again to the house, \"I apologize for the dramaticndisplay… but as it was presented to me, I've presented it to you.nThat concludes my report, and I must apologize again for notnreturning with better news.\" Returningnto his seat, he took a long, quiet breath, sitting out the rest ofnthe meeting. When it was adjourned, the Lords rose from their seats,ngathering their cases and coats at the entrance. The halls werenflooded with the voices of old men, befuddled and uncertain. Rathbonentook his time, adjusting his coat and hat before he began a slow stepndown the hall… any moment he knew the most meddlesome of them allnwould come wandering up for off-the-record answers. \"Nelson!\"nHe called from behind. Rathbonensmirked, turning to greet the man with a friendly smile. \"JohnnGilroy. It's been a while.\" Quietlynthe man nodded, \"…Yes, it has. What was all that… hubbub about?nI mean, why drag that vicious beast in here?\" Rathbonenlowered his eyes and nodded, \"I'm afraid it's a little morencomplicated than I would like to admit. Naturally, I would not havenbrought the animal near here at all. I'd have it straight to thenzoo if it were not my only decision. However, I'll not lower myselfnto the level of a snitch and give anyone names for haggle targetnpractice.\" Gilroynbroke his serious disposition and relaxed, a faint nod. \"Inunderstand. Was it really so unnerving there? You look so… drainednnow.\" Rathbone'snbrows rose with mild surprise. \"Do I?\" He hadn't thought aboutnit. But his nights had been less than sound for sleep. Walking withnGilroy, they stepped down the hall and toward the exit, \"To benhonest Gilroy – and this is clearly off the record-,\" Knowing henhad the man's full attention now, he continued, \"I feelncomfortable in expressing to you that I sensed a threat long beforenthe tiger was revealed to me. Don't jump to ideas just yet, no, Inwas treated very well – considering. It was the fact that everyonenis a nervous wreck there that caused little for a feeling ofnsecurity.\" Gilroynsighed, nodding, \"I think I understand. Well, you can trust me thatnthis will go no further.\" Thentwo stepped out into the dismal overcast outdoors of London.nUnfolding their umbrellas, they shook hands. \"Nelson,\"nHe said with a nod and turned to make his way home… or more likelynto spread the news. Rathbone watched Gilroy step down toward thenstreet. Gilroy could never keep a secret… even his own.[Chapter 7] VI ThenConniving Accomplice Umbrella in hand,nhe stepped down to the street next, locating his provate coach on thenother side as it stirred to move closer to the curb. The drivernhopped down from his perch, quickly pulling the door, allowing hisnmaster inside, and then dutifully closed it. Nelson crawled intonthe darkened space of the carriage, folding his umbrella and leaningnit on the seat beside him self. A sudden movement brought him tonstart, nearly jumping right out of his skin. \"God!\" Hengasped, finding himself looking face to face with Wu Chow. An impish lookingnman in gentleman's clothing, Wu Chow draped his hands across thenhandle of his silver cane with unedning patience. Rathbone grit hisnteeth with aggitation, not liking the idea of being startled…nparticularly by a man of such underhanded character. \"Do you havenany notion what would happen if we were to be seen together?\" Hensnapped. Wu Chow remainedncalm, smug and proud as ever, as any Chinaman of remote noblenbreeding had the right to be. Rathbone withheld an obvious sneer atnhis dislike toward the man. He couldn't understand what Wu Chow hadnto be so smug over… excpept perhaps sneaking expertly up on him.nBeing exiled by your baby brother over a trinket and joining withnrebels hardly seemed worthy of smug exterior. \"Since you havenreturned I have yet to lay eyes on the seal.\" Pursing his lips tonthe side, Rathbone studied his companion. He knew the question wouldnarise sooner or later. Although being a known collector of artifacts,ncarrying around a 'trinket' such as the seal was hardly safe. \"I'm hosting anJubilee Ball at my country estate soon. Be in the stables atnmidnight, on that night and you will see your seal.\" Sensing WunChow was waiting for something more, Rathbone lifted his briefcase tonhis lap and opened it. Producing the sheathed dagger, he handed overnwith some grimace. \"As requested. A token of my esteem.\" Wu Chow took up thendagger, balancing his cane against his knee as he unsheathed thenweapon. Dried blood stained the creavices of the decorative blade,nbringing a malicious grin to slither to his face. The gears in hisnhead were turning, his eyes dancing with imagination as he lookednover the blade. \"I wonder…\"nHe said thoughtfully, unable to unlock his gaze from the blade, \"Didnthe old man scream?\" Rathbone feltnheated wave rise inside, making him both ill and tense. Wu Chow hadnalready lured him into a Boxer camp under false pretenses, Rathbonencould not imagine what other secrets the man was witholding. All thenwhile Wu Chow acted as though they were equal in partnership…nRathbone said nothing, but instead raised his umbrella to knocknfirmly on the rooftop. The coach moved to a rocky stop. Wu Chownlooked up from the blade, his eyes narrowing with some unspokennthought. \"This is wherenyou get out.\" He said in a firm and bitter tone. Courteously Wu Chownsheathed the dagger and tucked it into his waistcoat before gatheringnhis cane and bowler and climbed out. A chilled drizzle of an earlynspring misted down from outside. Before the door was closed, henturned to face Rathbone who remained seated in his carriage. \"Inhope there will be more trust between us when I am Emperor and younare the new king.\" Rathbone remainednsilent, biting his tongue from the many snide remarks that threatenednto escape. However, a sour expression could not be stopped fromnsurfacing. He reached out and pulled the door closed, shutting outnthe damp weather and the knowing expression of Wu Chow. The carriagenjerked into movement. Rathbone thought of the grin upon Wu Chow'snface. It brought a violent shiver down his spine and he cursed undernhis breath, knowing something was not as it seemed… and yet hencould not put a finger on it. One thought remainednclear… Trusting Wu Chow was as likely as Big Ben flying through midnair to land in Hong Kong… Impossible.[Chapter 8] VII CutnDown Gilroy had callednon Rathbone the first day of warmer weather. Spring had arrived, andnso had the invitations. The soiree, which Rathbone had been planningnsince his return to England, was still in preparation, but the eventnwas better off being announced sooner than later. Edinburge was anlong way for most to travel, and accomidations in the country wouldnneed to be given time to be arranged by those who would attend thenJubilee Ball. Rathbone adjustednthe blue cravat beneath his chin, frowning at his reflection as henstruggled to straighten it. Hearing the clopping of hooves outsidenthe window, he knew that Gilroy had finally arrived. A night at thenOpera with old friends promised some means of distraction to rest hisnmind of all things else. But his frusteration was heightened… notnby the cravat, but by his hair. With a pocket comb,nhe pushed it back…only to have it spike out again. It seemed thenmore fursterated he got the worse it looked. Finally he resorted tondunking his head into the basin and combed it back with macassre oil.nIt had a foreign scent, but not an unpleasant one… he would simplynneed to watch himself and make certain his hair would not touchnanything, else it be ruined. A gentle knocknsounded upon his door. \"Lord Gilroy hasnarrived, sir.\" The maid announced through the door. \"A moment.\" Hencalled through the door and reached for his evening coat. Brushing itnoff and smoothing it out, he lifted the pocketwatch from the dressingntable, and the dragon key beside it. Both were tucked safely into hisnwaistcoat before he stepped out into the hall. \"Sir?\" The maidncalled from behind. \"What Agatha.\" \"We've somenstrange goings on here, sir. I've just took inventory and nothingnis missing… except some… personal affects of the householdnstaff.\" Rathbone wasnhaulted by curiosity. \"Whatever is missing?\" Agatha's cheeksnflushed, \"Well, sir… underthings.\" Her eyes darted left, thennright before she whispered with utmost secrecy not to be overheard,n\"Knickers. Sir, we thought it very odd indeed…\" Intrigued andnsurprised, his brows raised high. \"Have Miles investigate then.\" \"Very good, sir!\"nShe squeaked and curtsied and then hobbled on her way. Down the thicklyncarpetted stairs he went, catching the faint murmer of voices in thenparlor. \"Well, that'snwhat I told him.\" \"Did you?\" \"Yes, I said,n'now look here Clancy!' I said that,\" \"Yes, you …saidnthat already.\" \"Well, as I said,nI said, 'not look here Clancy! You can't just parade around in anstriped, purple suit with your wrists rolling about, quoting OscarnWilde and think no one will think nothing of it.' And do you knownwhat he said?\" \"No, what?\" \"He said, 'bynJove, Gilroy, what on Earth do you think I am? Imbecillic? I knownexactly what I look like, and I always look how I wish to appear!'\" \"Unbelievable!\" \"Yes, quitenqueer.\" \"Quite.\" \"Ah! Nelson,\"nGilroy rose from his chair, cigar in hand, \"I say – that is anfine cravat.\" Harold rose fromnhis chair next, overlooking the cravat Gilroy pointed to, \"A bitnuneven, but it could do.\" Rathbone scoffed,n\"At least I have one.\" Harold cotninued annindifference attitude, \"I simply haven't put mine on yet.\" Gilroy chuckled,n\"He flicked an amber onto it and burned a hole right through on thenway here.\" Harold shot a glarento Gilroy, \"Can't you ever hold your tongue?\" Rathbone pulled hisnwatch from his waistcoat and sighed, \"We're running short onntime. You can borrow one of mine then…\" \"Thank you. I'llnput it on on the way.\" Gilroy snickered asnRathbone stepped out of the parlour and back up the stairs. When henwas certain Rathbone was out of hearing, he turned to Harold andnwhispered, \"Well, lets see how long that oil he's caked in hisnhair will hold up!\" \"I bet you anshiling he makes it through the intermission.\" \"Done!\" After Rathbonenfetched Harold the cravat and the three crawled into Gilroy'sncoach, Gilroy set to his rambling once again. \"Good Lord.nNelson, do you still only have those things washed by those…nChinese?\" Rathbone forced asnmuch a laugh as he could, \"You make it sound like a crime.\" \"Well it shouldnbe.\" Harold looked upnfrom his task of pinning the borrowed cravat, \"Why so, Gilroy?\" \"Because it reeksnof their soaps. I much prefer English soaps. You know! Nelson, younshould really find yourself a wife. Someone who knows her silks andnsoaps, and certainly someone who can tame that ridiculous hair ofnyours.\" Harold's stonynface cracked a small grin as he smoothed down his tie and looked tonRathbone, who was oddly silent. \"Nelson, are you listening?\" \"I heard younboth.\" He sighed, adjusting the fit of his top hat. \"I would muchnprefer if you both stayed clear out of my business. I'm in no moodnfor it tonight.\" \"Why ever not?\"nGilroy asked with befuddlement. Impatiently,nRathbone rolled his eyes, \"Because, Gilroy, if I ever suddenly haventhe desire for matramony I'll do my own hunting.\" \"Hunting,\"nHarold chuckled and looked to Gilroy, \"He makes it sound like antask!\" \"Or a game.\"nGilroy noted thoughtfully. \"Nelson, in all seriousness. My wife'snspeaking of nothing else, and she is hoping to bring along some ofnher own cousins to your Jubilee Ball. I know you are wary of things,nbut as a friend I felt inclined to warn you.\" Harold snorted,n\"Gilroy, we know the only reason why you're telling him isnbecause you know nothing of secrecy.\" \"True. But thatnis beside the point… In all the years I've known you,\" He saidnto Rathbone, \"Not once have I heard you speak of your thoughts orntime of the fairer sex.\" Rathbone shook hisnhead, \"Gilroy, that may be because the fact of the matter is therenis nothing worth telling. I find it a boring subject.\" \"What?\" Henblinked, \"I'm not comprehending. What's not interesting about anbound waist and a bustle?\" Harold thought onnit a moment as well, piping in his thoughts, \"Yes, now that younmention it. Nelson, what's so bad? Are you…\" He gasped, \"You'rennot in the same barrel as Clancy and Oscar Wilde are you?\" Gilroy's eyesnwidened as he looked from Harold to Rathbone, jaw unhinged. Rathbone wasnappauled, scoffing as obviously as he possibly could, \"That wouldnbe the first thing for you to think of, Harold. No, I simply find …nEnglish women boring. They're dull and docile without a singlennatural thing about them. Each one is the same mold as the next…ncommon. If you both must know, I've known my fair share of women tonknow what I'm talking about.\" \"So then…\"nGilroy's eyes narrowed, looking skyward to the ceiling of thencarriage, \"If I'm to, lets say, inform my wife of what sorts of…nwhat would I say?\" Silently, Rathbonenpursed his lips, glaring to his friend who seated across from him.nAfter a long beat, he finally spoke. \"You say nothing. It's mynconcern, if I choose to be so concerned about it.\" \"What about yournlegacy? Who will take on your title? You're the soul survivingnmember of the Rathbone line!\" \"I know that!\" Harold yawned,n\"Perhaps he has stayed in China for too long…\" \"Nonsense,\"nGilroy spat at Harold, \"Everyone knows Chinese women are delicatenblossoms who cater to a man at every need, whensoever. No, thatnsounds far too boring for our friend here. He obviously wants a…ndare I say it? Vixen!\" The carriagenfinally came to a slow stop as Harold gave into a hard laugh.nRathbone offered a mocking smile to Gilroy, \"CongradulationsnGilroy. You've stooped to a level of conversation all on your own,nwhich I do not want any part in. Now if you will care to drop thensubject until the end of tonights performance?\" Gilroy crossed hisnheart and stepped from the carriage as the door was opened. Haroldnand Rathbone followed suit, stepping into the London Opera House. Thenlights slowly rose and the theatre exploded into a long applause.nFinally the audience stood from their seats, taking an intermissionnof twenty minutes. Anpale light flooded from behind as the heavy drapes were pulled back.nA valet stepped forward, extending a small envelope to Rathbone as henstood from his seat. Tipping the boy, he turned the card over,nfinding no inscription. \"Fromnsomeone interesting I hope?\" Gilroy asked with a widenjesting grin. Rathbonenlifted a brow as he turned his back to his friends to open it innprivacy. A small card slid out from the envelope, and he read theninscription with puzzlement. 'Anspecial delivery waits for you at the gate.' \"I'llnnot be long.\" Rathbone said absently, tucking the card and envelopeninto his coat pocket. His cloak and hat were plucked from his seatnbefore he dashed out with hastey steps. \"Hownrude.\" Gilroy said. \"Younor he?\" Harold countered, \"You know, it's his message… hisnbusiness. You really should lay off him.\" Tyingnthe cloak around his neck and placing his hat over his oiled hair,nRathbone stepped out into the crisp cold night. The damp streetsnglimmered below the gaslight, blinking as the passers by andncarriages scrambled oderlessly about. He stayed besides the building,nstalking along the wall as he looked sharply about. Wu Chow, henexpected would arrive any moment. Setting his eyes across the street,nhe squinted his gaze in an attempt to focus on the faces there.nSuddenly Wu Chow's voice broke out beside him, bringing him to jumpnand turn. \"I'venalways enjoyed the opera.\" Lurkingnin the shadows, a lit cigar pinned between his fingers, the Chinamanngrinned again at having startled him. \"Therenwere so many things you could get away with while everyone's eyesnwere on the stage.\" Unamused,nRathbone collected himself, lips pursed to the side. \"You have anlot of nerve coming here at a time like this!\" He hissed, steppingninto the shadow of the wall as well, \"What do you want?\" \"I'vencome to give you the bill.\" Wu Chow pinned the cigar between hisnlarge teetch and reached into his coat pocket. A large fold of papernwas then handed to Rathbone, who quickly tucked it into his pocketnwithout a single glance. \"The fireworks arrived yesterday. We'venconjured blue fireworks this year, which should provide a usefulndistraction. I doubt anyone in London has seen blue sparks before.\" \"Yes,nthat's all very well indeed. Now can you go?\" ButnWu Chow did not move. Instead he exhaled, the smoke clouding out fromnthe shadow as he eyed Rathbone with caution. \"You had all the timenin the world. Why did you let the girl live?\" Frowning,nhe replied, \"Is it really so important to murder a woman? The girlnhas no power.\" \"Shensaw your face.\" \"Andnknows not who I am.\" \"Sonyou say.\" Wu Chow shrugged, \"The old man is dead. I supposenthat's all that matters.\" Thentone in his voice brought Rathbone to eye him carefully as he steppednfrom the shadow, \"I didn't exactly stay long enough to see hisnlast breath.\" \"Younshould have. I hear a last breath by poison is the most rewardingnwhen it is your own brew.\" Wu Chow turned, pretending to be mildlynsurprised by Rathbone's confusion. \"I'm sorry. I thought I toldnyou I'd poisoned the blade when I handed it to you. My apologies ifnI forgot to say so.\" Rathbonenstared at him, his mouth hanging open as Wu Chow bowed respectfullynand turned to walk away…grinning ear to ear. Wu Chow vanished intonthe crowded streets on the other side of the cobblestone drive,nleaving Rathbone in a state of quiet shock. Hisnfooting swayed as his back hit the wall of the opera house. His eyesnlowered to the filth upon the ground as he absorbed the newnknowledge. Feeling absolutely numb, he tightly sealed his lips. A mannstepped from the opera house and rang a bell loudly. \"Intermissionnover! Intermission over!\" He announced, drawing in the finelyndressed crowd back inside. Rathbone hypnotically stepped in sync withnthe crowd. The walk had been a daze, and he soon found himself backnin the box with his two friends… and two new faces. \"Thisnis Lady Francis of Serpentine and this is Miss Raphael of -… Arenyou leaving again? You can't leave, you just…\" Gilroy started,nwatching Rathbone turn back to the hall and vanish around the drape.nHe turned to the baffled women, \"Well, I never.\" Haroldnbowed his head to the ladies, \"Perhaps he's ill. I'll see himnhome if it's so. Please enjoy the opera!\" He urged beforenvanishing around the drape and closing it behind him. Rathbonenleaned heavily against the wall, his hat in hand and his forehead tonhis leaning arm. \"Arenyou sure I can't get you anything sir?\" The valet asked. SuddenlynRathbone turned and barked at him, \"No! Leave me be, damn it all!\" Haroldnfrowned as the valet scurried off in a huff. Stepping beside hisnfriend, he rocked on his heels, hands clasped behind his back.n\"Something the matter, Nelson?\" Straighteningnup, Rathbone reached into his pocket and pulled his handkerchiefnfree, \"No… I'm just not feeling very well.\" Haroldnstepped before him and blinked hard. \"Heavens, you do look white asna ghost. Shall I see you take a cab? I can ask Gilroy's man tondrive you home… the opera is a long one, he would be back by thentime-…\" \"No,nno, Harold. I'll find my own cab, but thank you. You go… enjoynthe opera for me then. I've seen it before. I just need rest.\" \"Right…nright…\" Sighing, Harold extended his hand to him and shook it,n\"See you again soon then I hope. Safe journey.\" \"Younas well. My apologies to the ladies and to Gilroy.\" Nodding,nHarold turned and entered the box once more.[Chapter 9] VIII ThenSeed of Doubt Linnfroze, ducking behind the shrubs and the wrought iron gate. Rathbonenwas not alone as he lingered outside the opera house… too manynwalked about, and she knew there was no chance of revenge. Not yet.nCuriosity took hold of her, and she soon slinked her way from thengarden and hitched a short ride across the cobblestone drive until anshaded gnitch besides the building was near enough to sneak to. Theirnwords were muffled for a long moment, and with careful stealth, shencrept along the ground until her ear could catch the rebound of theirnconversation off the wall. Thenwords brought a frown to her face as she pondered them over…nRathbone had spared her life. Wu Chow had poisoned the blade… whyndid Rathbone not quip some proud remark for Wu Chow's strategy?nWere they not working together? And what did fireworks have to donwith anything? Lin blinked, absolutely lost on what to think. Anshadow brushed past, and she melted back into the low nook of thenbuilding as Wu Chow passed her by. A gagging cloud of cigar smokenbrought her to hold her breath. When she thought her face might turnnblue and explode he finally stepped onto the street. Linntook a deep breath, waiting a moment only for Wu Chow to be gonenbefore she could steal a glimpse of the man she wanted so badly tonmurder. Wrapping an arm around the corner, she carefully brought herngaze around to find Lord Rathbone. But she was suddenly confused. Henlooked paler than usual, even sickly as he leaned against the wall…nruining his good evening cape. A hand pressed to his abdomen as henstared dumbly down to the ground. Shenrecognized shock, and the hypnotic state he was in. Even as the bellnwas rung and he looked up, she noted he was not seeing… As hendisappeared into the wave of the crowd, Lin fell into the conclusionnthat by murdering for revenge would not be satisfying enough. Shenneeded to know more. Linnremained in hidden as she became swept up in thoughts recyclingnthrough her mind. Finally she stirred, the sound of steps clickingnupon the dampened streets of a quieting night. A caped figure walkednsolemnly down the street. The man's gait was familiar, and it tooknonly a beat before she emerged from her hiding place to stalk him. Fornmany blocks he walked alone, his face hidden beneath the brim of antop hat. The walking stick in hand was twisted between his hands asnhe pondered… Lin knew it must have been concealing a blade. He wasna man of a guilty conscious, and only a brainless man would gonwandering about London unarmed. Slippersnpatted quietly along the street as she kept to the shadow, abruptlynpausing when he finally stopped walking. Slowly she sank into thenalley and pressed her back to the grimy wall. Faint steps grewnlouder. She held her breath. A shadow grew upon the ground and shenreadied herself for attack. Itnhappened so fast, a small gun aimed around the corner, and shengrabbed hold of his arm, the gun firing off beside her ear, sending anbullet to tear through the alley behind her. Rathbone swung his armnroughly, throwing Lin back into the alley. Havingnlost her balance momentarily, she popped back to her feet, ready forna fight when she realized he still had his pistol. Aimed and ready,nhe stared past the short barrel with narrowed eyes. \"Whonare you?\" He ordered, and she realized he could not see her in thenshadow. Saying nothing, she remained defiantly still. He repeated hisncommand, cocking back the hammer of the pistol, \"I said ' whonare you ?'\" Whennshe said nothing again, his aim hovered half an inch, firing justnover her left ear. She jumped, letting out a cry of surprise.nRathbone's face lengthened a moment before he asked fornclarification. \"Not the keeper's daughter…?\" \"ChonnLin.\" She corrected him. Ansilent beat passed before a police whistle broke the quiet. Bothntheir eyes turned to the street behind him. Lin turned on her heel,ndarting into the darkness. She gasped with surprise as an arm swungnaround her neck, pinning her against him. Cold metal pressed to hernjaw then as he haughtily whispered into her ear, \" Not a sound.nInto that door…\" He nudged her and they awkwardly walked tonthe doorway in the alley. Lin kicked it open, and Rathbone draggednher inside, kicking it closed behind them. Thenmetal against her cheek was growing warmer by the heat of fearnflushing to her cheeks. The sound of voices echoed through the alleynbefore they faded away… Lin winced with discomfort, being pinnednback against his shoulder for so long. Her eyes were beginning tonadjust, and she found the outline of the door and boarded window. Finallynhe moved, shuffling them both towards the door, where he pulled backnthe pistol to grab her shoulders and twist her around to face him. Anlivid look upon his face brought Lin to quiver against her will. Thenpistol at his side remained lowered as he put only a foot betweennthem. \"Sonyou've come for revenge.\" He dryly noted. Linnfelt a lump grow in her throat as she watched him study her. \"Verynwell.\" He said, turning to inspect his pistol, un-cocking thenhammer and then turned it around, nudging the butt of it into hernarm. \"Go on then. And make it fast. I don't like being keptnwaiting.\" Linnjumped at the bump of the pistol into her arm and instinctivelyngrabbed hold of it. Frustrated, she snatched it up and pushed thenbarrel into his chest. She hesitated, his frown deepened. Again shenjumped at the feeling of a hand fold over her own. Her eyes widenednas she heard him cock the gun for her. Hernhand began to shake. He stepped forward, pushing against the pistolnuntil it was pinned between them. Lin's eyes lowered as her hairnfell to curtain her face. She could see her father lying there undernthe shadow of the man before her. And no her father's murderer wasnassisting in her revenge. His face leered down to her until she couldnfeel the brush of his breath through her hair. Tears stung her eyes.n\" Pull the trigger .\" Shencould not hold her breath any longer and shakily gasped, releasingnthe pistol and fell into a sob, sinking against the door. Rathbonensnatched the pistol, pocketing it as he roughly grabbed her arm,nholding her from falling. \"Allnthis way for nothing,\" He quipped bitterly, yanking her up highernin an attempt to make her look at him. \"Why would you stop now?nStop that crying!\" His voice rose, though he was quick to hushnhimself once more, \"I'm interrogating you – look at me!\" Linnraised a hand to brush under her nose before she urged herself tonlook past her dark strands. Her breath shuddered out a single word.n\"…Why?\" \"Why what ?\" He snapped. \"Whyndid you have to kill him?\" Forna moment he said nothing, \"You wouldn't believe me if I said itnwas not exactly how I intended it.\" Lin'sncheeks flushed with anger, \"THEN HOW WAS IT SUPPOSED TO BE?\" \" Lowernyour voice !\" He hissed at her, digging his fingers into hernarm. She winced against the door, turning her face away as he spokenon. \"The dagger was poisoned was it not?\" Linndidn't answer. \"Wasnit not?\" He asked louder. Finally she nodded. \"If I intended tonkill I would have slit his throat from ear to ear. Quick. Effective. nI'd meant to give the man a chance because this was not my idea innthe first place. Wu Chow wanted his blood, and I obliged… He didn'tntell me the damned thing was dipped in some fatal solution!\" Linncould no longer see through the blur of tears, or the hair that stucknto her face. \" LIAR !\" She screamed out, moving to hit himnwith fists, only to be weakened and overcome with sobs. Hernknees buckled, and Rathbone looked down with disbelief as he onlynbarely held her from the ground. She sobbed into his sleeve, gaspingnand questioning unfinished thoughts in Chinese. Awkward.nRathbone looked around the empty room, noting it had once been somenstorage space for an out of business shop. \"Come on,\" He pullednher arms until she came back to her feet, \"Over here.\" Huffing,nhe shifted her toward a small crate and let her drop to a seat. \"Tellnme something truthfully.\" Lin made an effort to dry her face as henlet go of her arms and moved to kneel in front of her. His expressionnwas not soft. \"Are you here in the name of the Emperor?\" Linnshook her head. \"No…\" She said in a small voice. \"Butnthey know you're here.\" Shennodded, eyes lowered. Rathbonenpondered a moment, looking toward the doorway to the rest of thenbuilding. \"You'rennot working with Wu Chow?\" Hisnattention snapped back to her, as he immediately scoffed. \"What?nThat's absurd…\" With a defeated nod, his shoulders dropped.n\"Yes, but not for long if I can help it. The man has me in hisncoils and I'm…\" \"Trapped.\"nLin finished. Anstrange look crossed Rathbone as he looked to her and nodded. \"Inremember him many years ago. He used to blackmail many of the guards.nHe tricked many to try and steal the Imperial Seal. He would donanything to get it.\" \"ThennI suppose if it wasn't me it would have been some other he wouldnhave chosen.\" Linnlooked up, watching him stand and pace along the splintered floor.n\"What would you do?\" Runningna hand down his face, he shook his head, turning to continue hisnpace. \"I don't know yet.\" \"Whatndoes he plan to do?\" Henstopped, looking to her with impatience. \"If I tell you anymore younwill probably never go away.\" Linnfrowned, popping up to her feet with stubbornness. \"I will not gonaway until I know. I must get the Seal back and avenge my father.\" Studyingnher, he narrowed his dark eyes, \"You're really not going to giveninto any other alternative are you?\" \"Suchnas?\" \"Suchnas trusting someone else to return the seal?\" \"Suchnas you?\" She asked, \"I don't trust you.\" With that last said,nshe stepped past him and aimed for the door to the alley. Lin pullednat the handle, only to find the door slam closed before she couldnfully open it. A gloved hand firmly pressed against the flat of thendoor lingered over her shoulder. She frowned back to him, \"Let mengo.\" \"Notnyet.\" Linnsaid nothing, patiently waiting for him to continue. \"You'rena very odd woman to be taking on the job of revenge. In most cases,nit's a man's duty…\" A beat of silence passed as his eyesntrailed down her face, unspoken thoughts lingered in his eyes beforenhe spoke again in a resolved tone. \"Very well. If you really wantnto be rid of Wu Chow and retrieve the seal then you may meet me at mynhome in three days. You better arrive quietly, I don't want anscandal.\" Linnblinked at him with disbelief, \"You… you would help me? You knownwhere the seal is?\" Rathbonennodded, \"I have it.\" \"You…!\" Raisingnhis free hand, he silenced her and continued speaking, \" I have it, if that is any comfort to you. Consider yourself lucky WunChow does not have it yet or if ever. For this purpose, I believe itnis the only reason I am still alive. Once Wu Chow is forever gone, Inswear on my word as a gentleman, and I am a man of my word… thatnyou shall be the only one to take back the seal.\" Lin'snlips twitched up, threatening to grow into a smile when she suddenlynfrowned at him. He smirked at the change. \"Why should I trust you?\" \"Cannyou think of a more efficient way to get to Wu Chow?\" \"No…\" \"Neitherncan I. We're both in a mess, and this is the only way. I trust younknow where I live…\" His hand slipped free from the door as henstepped back, gesturing she was free to go. \"Three days now. I'llnbe waiting.\" Linntook a moment to watch him carefully, noting his almost pleased smilenbefore she yanked the door open and vanished into the alley.[Chapter 10] -1 IX ThenKeeper's Daughter Fornthree days Lin pondered over the request. It was foolish, she knew…nbut he gave her every opportunity for escape and victory. She couldnnot fathom why he would so suddenly wish the opposite. The third daynarrived, and Lin decided she had nothing else to lose. Wang had notncome for her. She had no one to return to China for… her onlyndirective was the seal and the truth. Middaynhad arrived, and the streets were bustling with English folk. Coachesnclattered down the lane, peddlers sang to their drink or roses fornsale and children giggled outside school grounds. Lin watched themnfrom the rooftop. It hadn't been easy tracing Rathbone in London,nbut his residence had been the first thing she had discovered.nAlready she had spied on him before… she had watched him leave tonthe opera house, watched him look from his window, watched as henfinished writing the millionth invitation at his desk. Linncrept along the house, arms out as she balanced along the shinglednroof. Taking hold of the brick chimney, she eased herself down to thenskylight of the attic. With very careful hands, she unlatched thenhandle and pulled it open with a loud creak. She'd only set onenfoot inside on the wooden ladder when she felt eyes upon her. Lookingnup, she froze. A ragged, soot covered fellow stared dumbly at hernwith black, circular bristles. Feeling awkward, she offered him anbright, sheepish smile and a half laugh. The man chuckled lightly andntipped his hat in return, making a cascade of ash fall to his nose.nTurning back to his own chimney, he continued his sweeping. Linnlowered into the attic, pulling the glass down above her. Wrinklingnher nose, she waved off the cobwebs that draped in her face, stiflingna sneeze against the rise of dust while she descended to the atticnfloor. Old trunks, a broken mirror, discarded furniture and manynboxes had been stashed carelessly about, leaving no clear path fromnthe ladder to the door. She froze on her first step from the ladder,nhearing the floor creak beneath her black slipper. Notnwishing to make any more sound than necessary, she looked around fornan alternative path. A beam spotted, she leapt up and latched ontonit, legs dangling below as she pulled herself across. Droppingnsoundlessly to the floor, she grabbed the handle and turned. Itndidn't budge. Lin tried to force it three times before shenconcluded it was locked. Trapped… Inna last attempt, Lin took the floor, laying flat on her belly as shenpressed an ear to the floorboards. Hearing nothing, she scooted a fewnmore feet. Again nothing, she scooted further… Finally a mufflednvoice vibrated through the floor. \"Tea,nsir?\" A high woman's voice rang. \"Yes,nthat'll be all.\" Linnblinked with recognition. She'd recognize that voice anywhere.nWaiting a moment, she listened for the inevitable latch of the door…nand then knocked. Nonsound in return. She rapped upon the floor again… and again.nFinally there came a light clatter of a teacup returning to thensaucer. Some rummaging through perhaps a trunk or drawer, and thennshort silence again. The door opened below, and she heard thendistinctive sound of muffled steps coming up the stairs. Lin moved tonher knees, crouching behind the trunk as she used the broken mirrornto watch the attic door, holding her breath. Finallynthe handle jiggled. Then clicked. The door slowly swung open, andnRathbone's oval face curiously peered through. He let the doornswing open and stepped inside, the attic key in hand. \"…Lin?\"nHe asked in a whisper while he tucked the key into his waistcoat andnbegan rolling up the sleeves of his white shirt. Seeing nothing, henreached behind and closed the door quietly behind himself. Thenmoment the door latched, Lin sat upright from behind the trunk,npeering over with the alertness of a cat hearing a mouse. Rathbonenalmost jumped out of his skin, taking a breath to gather him self. \"Inexpected you would come after dark.\" Sayingnnothing, she got to her feet, staying right where she stood. Now thatnshe was in his presence again, she half feared he would close innagain on her personal space. Henhad obviously expected some response. However, receiving none, henfinished tucking his sleeves up and began moving toward the skylight,nstepping past Lin at some distance. \"Right, on to business then. WunChow is preparing a fireworks display on the Thames. There is a setnof three barges beside a dock and storage house. He's surrounded bynat least twenty Boxers, except when he is meeting me…\" Linnwatched him, hearing his voice trail off. She was studying him anlittle more than she should have, watching his shoes as he turned tonreach to the skylight and push it open. How he squinted against thenfalling dust from the hinges, and shook it from his hair, only to setnthe black strands in more disarray. Brushing off his sleeves, henlooked toward her, \"Unless you have help, I suggest you do not takenhim on alone.\" Linnblinked out of her thoughts, feeling foolish. Her cheeks burned andnshe hoped they did not redden as well. Nodding, she forced her mindnto work properly, \"Do you expect him to come back soon?\" Shenasked in a tiny voice. Shakingnhis head, Rathbone said, \"Not until the Jubilee Ball… if I'mnlucky he will arrive alone. In order to keep him from stalking menI've agreed to let him see the seal. I'm going to need an excusenfor extra security to keep him from attempting to steal it. I'mnalso going to need to think of a way to keep you from getting in mynway.\" Crossing his arms, he looked at her, a smirk growing on hisnface as he watched her disapproval surface. \"Inthought you said I could help.\" She quietly argued, making fists atnher sides. \"Andnyou will.\" \"Indon't understand.\" \"Younwill.\" Thenknowing tone in his voice brought Lin to shake her head. She began tonstorm past him, aiming for the ladder, \"Forget it.\" Oncenagain he caught her by the arm and she sharply turned to glare atnhim. Catching her gaze, \"I've not permitted you to leave.\" \"Younare not my master!\" She snapped at him, yanking back her arm. Hengrabbed her shoulders, and she quickly reacted, swiping them away andnstepping backwards around the ladder. He followed her with his eyes.n\"You're going to have to get through me if you want out. I'mnnot letting you leave here without a proper escort.\" Linnfelt trapped behind the ladder, stepping left and then right, onlynfor him to follow her lead. He quietly chuckled at her agitation withnhim. Pressing her lips together, she turned to the pile of junk andnsnatched up an old umbrella. \"Ah,\"nHe remarked with interest, snatching up an old cane and readying forna duel through the ladder. But Lin was quick. Instead of rounding thenladder, she thrust the umbrella through the steps and opened it.nRathbone blinked at the speed, catching only a blur of red and black.nIn the blink of an eye Lin slipped between the steps and kicked asidenthe umbrella and Rathbone along with it. Rathbone fell with a loudnthump, the cane clattering alongside the umbrella. Lin was darting upnthe ladder to the open skylight. \"Ohnno you don't.\" He said, taking the umbrella, using it as annextension of his arm to snag her ankle and yank her back. Lin gasped,nholding tight to the outer frame of the skylight. With a last twistnand yank her hand slipped free, and she was suspended in mid air. Linnwas flying back toward him in slow motion. Dumbly he cringed, hisnface wrinkling as he prepared for impact. She thudded hard againstnhim and the two hit the floor. Dust puffed up from all around,nfilling the sun that beamed down through the skylight. Through coughsnand sneezes, the two tried to gather their rattled brains cells. Linnuntangled her leg from his and sat upright, \"You're crazy!\" Shenyelled, kicking him. Rathbonenwinced, propping himself on his elbows, \"What?\" \"Youndon't make any sense! You want my help and you hold me herencaptive!\" Sittingnupright, he gave her a malicious snarl. Lin's eyes rounded withnalarm. She darted for the ladder again, this time being snagged byntwo arms around her waist. Cursing in her native tongue, she kickednand flailed, elbowing him and then finally pushing against thenladder. The two slammed against both floor and the trunk she had hidnagainst, falling into a struggle. Rathbonenwrestled her to the floor, finding her wrists were much easier to pinndown than her legs. But Lin slowed her fighting, finding her legsnwere feeling more like dampened noodles than weapons. Everything hadncome to a standstill as Lin once again found his face just inchesnfrom her own. Their breaths mixed into the dust that drifted aboutnthem. She scraped her lower lip with her teeth, desperately trying tonstop the pounding in her chest, only to find the more she fought, thenharder it thundered. Slowlynhis lips began to lowered to hover an inch over her own, and remainednthere. His voice vibrated through his breath that washed over her innwarm puffs, \"You're not struggling.\" Lin'sncheeks went hot. Thenpounding in her heart had suddenly echoed elsewhere. She could hearnit, feel the thudding against the floor… Both their brows furrowednand their eyes drifted towards the door at the sound of the comingnservants. Lin gasped, squirming her wrists in his hands, \"Let menhide,\" She pleaded, but he steadied her wrists, looking to her withnsome teasing regret and made no effort or show of releasing her. Linntried to search his eyes, wondering what he could possibly gain bynbeing caught with her in such a manner. Thendoor soon opened, and a frantic maid and butler. The maid gasped atnthe scene, her hands coming to cover her cheeks at the sight ofnRathbone holding the Chinese woman to the dirty floor. Rathbonensighed, looking to the servants as though they had been just thenblessing he prayed for. \"Miles, get some rope – this woman isncompletely out of her mind!\" Lin'sneyes widened as she looked at him. He sounded so convincing itnstartled her. \"No!\" She began to squirm again, her legs startingnto kick hard at him. Miles,nthe butler jumped to search the attic, pausing only momentarily tonturn to the maid, \"Uh, A-Agatha, call the police!\" Inna scurry, the woman vanished from the doorway and down the stairs.nMiles rummaged around before he frantically called to Rathbone, \"Insee no rope!\" Retortingnso quickly he almost cut off the man's words, \"Then go getnsomething! Anything!\" \"I…nuh…\" He turned on his heel and dashed down the steps. Herneyes were glittering and red as she glared up at him, \"You…!\" Hisnfrantic act soon faded as he finally returned to make eye contact.n\"I'm very sorry. I can't have you running around lose. It'snthe safest place and you brought this upon yourself.\" Lin'snface lengthened… he was serious. At the sound of the butlernreturning, Lin cried out, kicking and screaming until Rathbone satnupright, yanking her off the floor by her wrists while the butlerntied down her legs first. \"Myngod… she is bloody insane!\" The butler noted, having tied andngagged her. \"Yes,\"nRathbone replied, standing to brush himself off, \"It's a goodnthing I heard her up here before it was too late…\" \"What?\"nMiles looked to him curiously. Rathbonenlooked to him, \"The woman obviously came here to kill me.\" Hengestured to the bruises, courtesy of her elbows. \"You'renvery lucky to be alive sir!\" Rathbonenturned to regard Lin one last time at the doorway. His face lacked innall expression. \"Perhaps.\" Refraining from adding anything more,nhe turned and stepped down the stairs to greet the oncoming wave ofnconstables.[Chapter 11] -1 X InspectornDoyle InspectornDoyle entered the home of Lord Rathbone with an endless curiosity. Henrefrained from asking about the numerous antiques and oddities thatnthe Lord had collected throughout his years as foreign diplomat tonconcentrate on the case at hand. With a pad of paper and a tinynpocket pencil in hand, he hunched over his booklet and looked tonRathbone, who stood no more than a head shorter than he. \"And,ncould you clarify exactly what you did when you first heard thenknocking on the ceiling?\" Rathbonennodded patiently, having already devised his story long before thenconstables arrived. \"I set aside my tea, thinking perhaps therenwere some rats or some other vermin. I removed my coat-\" \"-Tonavoid getting it dirty,\" Doyle finished the sentence while his eyesnwere alight with the delight over a new mystery. Rathbonenswallowed down his dislike of being interrupted and continued, \" Yes .nI took the key from my drawer, went to the door, unlocked it andnstepped in to find that the skylight had been opened. At first Inassumed one of the housekeepers had left it open and the sun wasnwarming the floorboards - thus causing the knocking. But as I crossednand began to crank it back down I wondered why it was locked andnforgotten. Mrs. Agatha Lindon had never forgotten it before. Well,nbefore I could think anymore I heard a noise, and this insane Chinese woman came out from God only knows where. We struggled some,nand she attacked me with an umbrella.\" He brushed the bruise uponnhis face to signify the evidence. \"Luckily we fell hard enough thatnMiles and Mrs. Lindon heard and came to my aid.\" \"Shenattacked you without a weapon?\" Doyle was flabbergasted. Rathbonenmerely nodded, \"Indeed.\" Anscurrying of steps came clamoring down the stairwell and past thenparlor entrance. A tied and gagged Lin was being suspended from thenfloor with the aid of three constables. Upon passing the doorway, shencaught sight of Rathbone. Her eyes widened with recognition beforenthey soon burned with some anger at his betrayal. She squirmed againnto get freed, but the constable's strongly dragged her to thenentrance hall and out the door where the wagon awaited. Doylenlifted a brow as he watched the scene unfold, \"Very odd. Very oddnindeed.\" He scribbled hastened notes into his booklet. Ancurious frown crossed Rathbone's features before he finally asked.n\"I assume you mean the woman being odd?\" \"Hm?\"nDoyle looked up from his writing, his concentration being broken,n\"Well that too, yes.\" He nodded and closed his booklet, tuckingnboth it and the pencil away. \"I find it most curious that she wouldnbrake into your attic. Obviously the items and furniture you'venstored away in there have been hidden for quite some time, correct?\" Hennodded. \"Inbelieve it is quite possible she was looking for something innparticular, and not actually here to assassinate you. On the othernhand, she could be just as crazed as everyone in this house seems tonthink she is.\" Pursingnhis lips, Rathbone let the idea simmer a beat before he replied withna thankful note. \"Well, whatever her reasons, inspector, I hope younwill see she receives a the fairest trial possible.\" \"Anforeign woman's trial is never fair.\" Doyle said direly. Rathbonenaverted his eyes to the floor. \"…If there is nothing more we neednto discuss, I have much packing to see to.\" \"Oh!nThe Jubilee Ball, is it?\" Doyle grinned, \"Yes, I've heardnsomething about that. I do hope you've thought about extransecurity. These circumstances are fishy to say the least, and if youndon't mind my suggesting, that your highly esteemed guests arenlikely to show some concern about attending your ball without somensort of assurance about their own safety. After all, we don't neednany thieves getting the idea that your residences are easilyninfiltrated.\" Rathbonenblinked at him, \"I'm quite impressed at your quick thinking. So,nimpressed as I am, would you do me the honor of seeing to thensecurity yourself? And as a guest by my thanks for your quicknresponse to today's little crises.\" Thentall man's jaw became unhinged in a most undignified way as henstared to Rathbone. \"Your lordship! I would be most honored - mostnhonored indeed!\" Faintlynsmiling, Rathbone shook the man's hand, \"Very good. I'll seenthat Miles gives you the address and information before you leavenhere. Good day inspector.\" Bowing his head graciously, Rathbonenturned on his heel and stepped silently from the room, presumably tonpack for his leave of London.[Chapter 12] -1 XI ThenChon Siblings Solitarynconfinement they called it. A cold, square room with gray walls and antiny barred window to the outside world. Not that the view of Londonnwas any more enticing than the view of the floor. Lin pulled herselfnto the window by a grip upon the bars. Brick walls and chimney smokednskies… an occasional passerby in the distance was probably the onlynexcitement she could find after her few days in the jail cell. Sighingnheavily, she dropped quietly back to her feet. It was quiet there.nToo quiet… her thoughts seemed louder than the distant clinking ofnmetal down the hall. He'dnlied to her while asking for her trust. He was truly responsible fornher father's death, and yet she had considered helping him. Linnfrowned, feeling her stomach churn as she realized how foolish shenhad been. She needed an escape if she was going to avenge her fathernand take back the seal he had lost his life defending. Andoor banged against the barren halls, bringing her to jump out of hernthoughts. Skirmish and shouts echoed past the large heavy door of herncell. Another cell door creaked open and slammed closed, the locknloudly clicking. Things were quiet again. Linncrept to the door and pressed her ear to it, listening for anynsounds, praying for an opportunity of escape. Suddenlyna voice rang out, \"This isn't a yard! It's a jail!\" Rathbonengazed out the window, watching the countryside of Edinburgh rushnpast, feeling the gnawing in his gut. An elbow rested against thenwindow frame, he rubbed thoughtfully at his chin… His thoughtsndelved against his will to the promise he had given Wu Chow. Stabbingnan old man was nothing to forgive, and stealing the Chinese ImperialnSeal was no less excusable. But that was past tense, and Wu Chownstill had plans to return the favor and earn the seal, which Rathbonenkept hidden and safe. It ate at his insides, the thought of what WunChow would do… The feeling was anything but unfamiliar. It wasnfear. It was guilt. It was uncertainty. Thenmuffled rippling of the tracks seemed to grow louder, drawing hisnattention to the door of the private cabin. His back straightened atnthe face that grinned down to him. It was not Doyle. Rathbonenfrowned, leaning forward with a hiss, \"Are you completely mad?\" WunChow shrugged, closing the door casually behind him as he took a seatnwithout an invitation. \"I've heard you were attacked by thenImperial Keeper's daughter.\" \"Wherendid you hear that?\" Rathbone asked with curiosity. WunChow removed a folded newspaper from his traveling coat and droppednit on Rathbone's lap. \"You should keep a better eye on yournservants. It's in almost every paper.\" Rathbonensnatched up the paper and unfolded it to the front page. His nosenwrinkled at the sight, \"Damn. I've knocked Jack the Ripper offnthe front page.\" Henslipped off his blue gray hat, setting it on the bench seat besidenhimself. Dark eyes looked to Rathbone, \"Pray tell, why you didn'tnkill her when you had the chance.\" Henlowered the paper at Wu Chow's hectoring. \"You cannot seriouslynthink I would compromise my reputation by murdering a woman within mynown house.\" WunChow frowned. \"And have you thought about what compromises thisnmight mean to our agenda if she escapes?\" Foldingnhis arms, Rathbone sat back in his seat. \"Lin is locked away in thenmost respected police force in the world. She cannot escapenunscathed.\" \"Inthink you should be aware that she is not an only child. There is anbrother. Chon Wang was an imperial guard in the Forbidden City. He'snhopelessly loyal to the Emperor, regardless of his new residence innAmerica.\" \"Ifnhe's so loyal, why is he on the other side of the world?\" \"Henabandoned his mission over there because he was a failure as anguardsman.\" \"Inthink you concern yourself with pointless details. I see no relevancento matters at hand.\" WunChow's frown deepened with annoyance. He snatched his hat from thenseat and clutched it tightly in his gloved hand. \"Do notnunderestimate this one. He's his father's son. Relentless andnresourceful… if Lin has any thought of honoring her father'sndeath she would have notified Chon Wang immediately. Make no mistake,nLin is the least of your problems if he arrives.\" Remainingnsilent, Rathbone watched as the Chinaman stood and moved to the cabinndoor. When the door was closed and he found himself alone again, henlet out a long breath. Wu Chow made him edgy. But if Chon Wang madenWu Chow nervous… Rathbone let out a stifled curse. The odds werenunforgiving as they piled higher against him… But if Chon Wang wasnrelentless and resourceful then Rathbone vowed to be more so. Englandnwas his home, his element… Beneathna wool blanket lay the pillows, placed and packed just right in annattempt to resemble someone sleeping beneath. Lin finished tuggingnthe blanket over the edge, giving it one last look. Many times shenand Wang had used the trick to play on the rooftops of their home innPeking as children… She prayed it would work now. Stepsnscrapped down the hall, mingled with the jangle of the prison keysnshe had come to familiarize herself with. Springing from the ground,nshe grabbed hold of the light fixture above and pulled herself up.nPinned between two beams with her limbs extended out, she waited. Thenlarge door opened beneath her feet. Three men stepped inside. Thenfirst man to step inside was Inspector Doyle, who held onto the doornas he rambled on about who occupied the cell. The second stepped innwith the third, a dark haired, stout man in a duster and hat Lin hadnonly seen once before. She recognized her brother immediately, eyeingnhim as he moved to the bed where her decoy of pillows lay. The blondenman who accompanied him lingered close by, curiously looking about. ChonnWang, the brother who ignored his duties and left her father alonenwithout a son to pass his work to, had finally arrived. Angry, Linndropped from the ceiling, whirling a sharp kick at the Inspector. Hernfoot flew to her brother's companion next, only for Wang to grabnher ankle inches from the man's stupefied face. Henstared past her slipper, gaping brainlessly for a long moment whilenshe returned a glare. \"Lin!\"nWang said with surprise. Hernanger subsided hearing her name from him, and her foot lowered. Ansmile grew as she finally looked to her brother. \"Wang!\" Wangnhugged her, and she him. \"I'llnjust…\" Doyle said with a wince as he got to his feet, rubbing atnthe bruise upon his jaw. Closing the door behind himself, he allowednthem their privacy. \"Chon.\"nThe blonde man hissed with excitement. \"Chon, introduce me…\" \"Roy,nthis is my baby sister, Lin.\" A rugged hand set to her hair as hengrinned proudly to his friend. Annoyed,nshe pushed his hand away, replying in Chinese, \" I'm not anbaby .\" \"Chon,nyou never told me that your sister was such a beautiful lotusnblossom.\" Linnfelt an amused grin upon her face to the compliment. Glancing tonChon, she would purposely comment in Chinese, \" You're friendnis very charming .\" \"Hey,nhey. No speaking in your native tongue about me while I'm around.\" Chonnfrowned this time with annoyance. Lin hid her triumphant. \"Lin, whynare you here?\" He asked sternly. Lin'snsmile faded. Averting her eyes, she quickly reasoned she could notntell Chon the entire truth. She would be shamed and dishonored forneven thinking about siding with their father's murderer. She neededna lie. \"I followed the murderer to here. I broke into his house…nand tried to kill him.\" The only lie already supplied had been fromnRathbone's own two lips. \"Lin,nthat duty is mine.\" \"Non– it is mine!\" She snapped. Her hands grew to shaken fists at hernsides. \"I promised father.\" \"Younshould have left it to me. I'm his son!\" Lin'sneyes glittered with tears, \"Yes, well you abandoned us for America.nFather said he had no son.\" Her face washed red as she stifled anbreath and looked away. Chonnstared dumbfounded, wounded.[Chapter 13] XII ThenTrain RathbonenHall, a pale fortress on a land of green. It had been the countrynhome for no less than four generations of his fathers. Along a longndirty lane, the castle could be spotted from the hillsides as thenspires and tower seemed to reach up high to catch the last rays ofnthe sunlight. Flags swayed gently in the warm breeze as the carriagenclopped down the hillside and to the iron gateway. Servants swiftlynmoved to pull open the gate before the four-carriage horse camentearing through. Through the gravel drive that divided both thengarden and the foot-high maze, Rathbone tugged the curtain of thenwindow aside with a finger, catching the glimpse of the servants whoncame to scurry out and greet their master. \"Wang,\"nShe had called him one last time as he stepped towards the cell door.n\"Have you opened father's box yet?\" Wangnheld the door, stoicly replying, \"No.\" Withnthe door still open, Lin darted to follow Chon and Roy's lead, onlynto have it closed in her face by Inspector Doyle. She paused there,nknowing now that she was not alone in her battle. A faint smile setnto her lips as she held onto the deck of playing cards in hand. Angift from Roy she should not have accepted… but as she looked downnto the naked women printed on them an idea began to boil. Thenhours ticked by quietly in the Yard, much to Doyle's delight. Whennthe hour struck three, he popped to his feet and stretched out hisnlong limbs with an eager yawn. \"Inleave everything in your capable hands Hogdkins.\" Said theninspector, slipping into his tweed coat and unhooking his bowler fromnthe rack. Hodgkins'nmustach twitched as he gave an affirmative, \"Aye sir. Have anpleasant trip. We'll handle things while you're gone.\" Grinning,nDoyle shook the man's hand and nodded, \"Indeed, I'm sure of it.nI'm off then. Goodbye!\" With a last wave to Hodgkins he steppednout the door to catch a hansome. Anothernhour passed before he had attained his bags from his flat and reachednthe train station. It chugged monsterously, billows of steam andnsmoke clouding the entire station. Doyle stepped to the steps,ntossing in his overnight bag before he pulled himself in next. Anfaint shout from behind caused his ears to perk curiously. He turnednaround, holding himself at a tilt as he peered out to the station.nThe train chugged forward, inching with its first push. From the mistnof smoke and steam came Hodgkins and two constables, their facesnflustered and wide with panick. \"Sir!\"nHodgkins came to a swift walk beside Doyle. \"Hodgkins!nWhat's happened?\" \"It'snthat Looney Lin - she's escaped!\" \"Jove!\" Thenman nodded frantically, speeding to a jog as the train picked upnpace. Doyle rubbed his long chin a moment before he shrugged, \"Whatncan we do?\" \"Makenevery effort, Hodgkins!\" He shouted over the engine, \"She can'tnbe difficult to spot in London.\" He ... hoped. \"Yesnsir!\" Hodgkins called with his last moment before he skidded to anstop, barely avoiding running into a pillar. With a last wave, henvanished from sight into the thick cloud of steam and smoke. Thentrain continued on. Pickingnup his bag, Doyle moved into the car in search of his cabin…nunaware of the sneak that was sliding down between the cars behindnhim. Linnleaned heavily against the door of the train, closing her eyes for anmoment, feeling the rocking of the train as it found its speed. Shendidn't see the door before her open. But the gruff and wicked laughnbrought her eyes to quickly open. Shengasped, straightening where she stood as she stared at a man with anwiry beard on the sides of his jaw. The same man she had knocked overnonce already On her first stroll through London. His large teethngleamed as he set beady dark eyes upon here, pinning the cigarnbetween his teeth. \"Fancy meeting you here.\" Henstepped toward her, and Lin reacted instinctively. The man wasnflipped over, left to tumble off the train and rolled down the tracksninto someone's back lot. She leaned off the side of the train,ncatching only a glimpse of him struggling to untangle himself fromnthe hanging laundry he had fallen into. She grinned, triumphant. Twonout of two.[Chapter 14] XIII RathbonenHall Linnhad rummaged through the cargo of the train. Several sashes and ancoil of rope was all she felt she needed. Her head buzzed, feelingnthe swoon of hunger and sleeplessness coming over her. Holding strongnagainst it, she tied herself a makeshift hammock beneath the carriagenas the coachman loaded Inspector Doyle's luggage. Twisting her hairninto a flat, comfortable bun at the back of her neck, she tied up thenall four loosened tails of her black vest to avoid them catching onnthe journey. Crawling inside the hammock, she found it a very tightnsqueeze, practically hugging the bottom, she let herself wedge insideninto a comfortable hold. Thenhammock of sashes and rope rocked and bounced horrifically the entirenway. The horses stank, leaving unpleasant things for her to hovernover while she pinched her nose and held her breath. By nightfall shenhad fallen asleep, having grown use to the stink and violentnmovements of the carriage below. \"Whoa.\"nThe driver called, pulling the reins. The carriage came to a stop. Linnopened her eyes slowly, feeling sleep was still heavy in them. Linnshifted beneath, un-tucking her head to peer out to theirndestination. A towering castle, like she had only seen in books,nglowed in the twilight of the early night. The windows gleamed fromnthe light within like fiery eyes. The carriage bounced again, and shenquickly shifted back into the hammock. Inspector Doyle's shoesnplanted before her eyes as he gave a loud yawn. Beyond his shoes, Linnwatched the door to the fortress open, releasing two servants tonassist with their guest's luggage. Lin squinted her eyes, catchingnthe faintest sight of armored guards inside. It was then she decidednit would be far wiser to stay where she was until the carriage wasnout of sight of the castle. \"That'snthe last of it.\" The driver said, handing the last suitcase to thenmaid. \"Right.\"nShe squeaked, taking the last and began her trek back to the castle. Thendriver gave a whistle, cracking the reins over the backs of thenhorses. For the last time the carriage would jolt to a start,nbouncing over the gravel drive before it became very dark. Linnrecognized the smell of stables immediately and would wait until thenhorses were set into their stalls and the stables were unmanned forneven a brief moment. For hours shencrawled around the outside of the castle, avoiding the dogs thatnoften walked with the guards as they patrolled the outskirts of thengarden. Her back pressed to the cold stonewall of the castle, shenlooked upward to the yellow glow of the window above. No crevasses tonlatch onto for a proper climb, she looked higher up. The ledge of thenwindow bore a decorative ledge… Moving several feetnaway, she got a running start and darted for the wall, her feetnrunning upward as she lurched herself upward, latching onto thenlowest window. From there the climb was difficult, as she felt thendizzying sway of hunger and exhaustion once again. The first windownlacked any drawn curtains, and she passed it up to climb to thensecond window, a level higher. A square, paned window, half coverednwith a curtain. With a wince, she felt her arms loosing theirnstrength as she shakily pulled herself up to the ledge. Carefully shenrested her elbow to it, pinning her toes against the outer wall. Shengrabbed the window frame, tugging at it frantically as she tried tonfind a silent way inside. Lin stopped, her lips pressing together asnshe gave up the task. Eyes trailed to the ground… the world swayednand she quickly pressed her forehead to the glass. With a finalneffort, she carefully wrapped her free hand in the tail of her vest,nshielding it from the impact as she punched out a windowpane.nSlipping her hand inside, she unlatched it and pulled it open.[Chapter 15] XIV OfnCorridors and Moonlight \"ShallnI get you anything before you retire, sir?\" A squeaky voice askednfrom inside the room. Lin steadied her breath, keeping her backnpressed to the wall to steady herself against the shakes ofnexhaustion. Anfamiliar voice replied, \"No. I'll stay here a while longer.\" \"Veryngood, sir. Goodnight then, sir.\" The woman said, followed by thengentle click of a door's latch. Therencame no more sounds. The ticking of a clock, the rustling of booknpages and the occasional scribbling of a pen to paper was all Linncould hear for long moments. Time was lost as she found her eyesngrowing heavy, sounds echoed into a thick muffled mess of the hummingnin her ears… Rathbonentoyed with the pen in hand while he read carefully down to thenbooklet on his knee. A perfectly clear, perfectly useful desk wasnused only for a perch of his elbow as he both read the small novelnand adjusted his finance book. Thensilence of the room was interrupted then by an obvious pig-likensnort. He sat upright, planting his feet to the floor as he set asidenhis book and paper. The pen quietly clicked to the desktop as henlooked toward the window where the curtain swayed ever so gently. Thensound of a demonic moaning, ever so quietly gurgling sounded.nStanding, he snatched up his letter opener and crept towards thencurtain. Listening again, he heard the faint flowing sound ofnbreathing. With a quick movement, he yanked the curtain aside andnraised the letter opener ready to stab whoever lurked behind… ornwhatever it was. Hengasped when Lin fell forward. Her face smashed into his chest as hernarms dangled lifelessly at her sides. He blinked, his 'dagger'nstill raised up high as he had been prepared to defend himself. Linnsnored loudly on his vest. He glanced down, lowering the letternopener to set it to the window ledge. \"Lin.\" Thenonly answer he received was another snore and another gurglingnstomach as her cheek pressed to him. A droplet of drool as her mouthnhung open. \"LIN!\"nHe hissed, grabbing her arms and shaking her off of him. Her hairnsprang out to fall to the sides of her face. Lin snorted as a handnlazily rose to her closed eyes. She yawned and wiped her chin ofndrool before she finally opened her eyes. \"…Hn…?\"nShe moaned. She jumped…twice. An angry Lord Rathbone was frowningnto her, practically holding her up by the shoulders. Wide eyed, shenlooked around the room before it all vaguely came back to her. \"Whatnare you doing here NOW? How did you get out?\" He ordered, shakingnher again when she would not answer, \"Do you have nay idea whatnyou're doing? You're putting us both in more danger than needed.nYou should have stayed where you were!\" Hisnwords slowly brought her blood to boil. Lin shrugged off his handsnand began a stomping march towards him. Taken aback, Rathbone steppednbackwards, never removing the displeased expression from his face. \"Yountricked me! You asked me for your trust and then you lied! Where isnit?\" Though he remained silent, his features softened to a simplencuriosity. She stormed past him and yanked open the drawers, \"Wherenis the seal?\" She barked over her shoulder at him. \"You'llnnot find it in this room.\" He answered calmly before he had to ask.n\"When was the last time you properly rested?\" \"Nonenof your concern.\" She said without looking to him, spinning aroundnto aim for his small bookshelf… but the spin was too quick. Thenfloor moved from beneath her feet, the walls swayed and bowed aroundnher. Her legs seemed nonexistent as she found herself looking to thenceiling, and then upon the blurred face of Rathbone. Hisnarm hooked beneath her neck, the other wrapped around her waist justnmoments before she collapsed to the floor. \"Inthink you're useless this way. You're going to rest, whether younlike it or not. We'll… discuss this another time.\" Hernlids were heavy as she looked up to him. Wanting to protest, shenopened her mouth to speak… only for everything to go black. Shensnored again. Clumsilynadjusting his hold on her, he lifted her off the ground and movedntowards a tapestry on the wall. A small floor button stepped upon,nthe wall silently opened. Slipping into the dark corridor, he wouldntake Lin to a hidden room only he knew existed. Anblue glow of the moon shown through the casement settling on thenwhite sheets that covered the furniture inside. It had been agesnsince he last stepped inside, and without the rest of the staff awarenof the room it had been left victim to spider webs and dust bunnies.nHe crossed the room to the sheet-covered settee where he carefullynlay her down. She hardly stirred, only turning on her side, bringingnher snoring to an abrupt stop. Scouringnthe rest of the castle, he snuck inside water for the basin, a cleannpillow not likely to be missed from a guest room and an extra blanketnfrom the servant's hall. Unseen with the many hidden corridors andnthe late hour, he managed to return to the room with the last bundle,nunseen. The sheets were pulled from the furniture, dropped into anpile in the corner of the room. No light would be lit, for the guardsnwould surely witness the window's light from their rounds outsidenthe gardens. Thensmall bed was uncovered as he tossed off the old pillows. Chickennfeathers fell from the seams into a messy pile upon the oak floor. Hencursed under his breath and kicked it under the bed before returningnto Lin. \"Comenon.\" He whispered, sliding his hands beneath her to lift her fromnthe sofa. Lazily she draped a hand around his neck and again pressednher cheek to his vest. Her nose wiggled at the dust from his clothes,nonly to sneeze when he lay her down into the dusty, moth-eaten bed.nIt was certainly not Buckingham Palace, but it would be warm enough,nhe decided, pulling her hand from his collar and drawing the blanketnover her. Thensmall note from his pocket was set upon the nightstand, proppednagainst the dried out lamp, his finishing touch. He didn't movenfrom her, looking down at her as she clutched the clean pillow to hernear. To leave her in a vulnerable condition such as this seemednawkward… to trust her to wake up and not attempt to carry out hernplans for vengeance seemed even more unnerving. Lingeringnthere a moment as he stared down at Lin, he wondered why he evenncared. His fingertips brushed the black strands from her eyes. Henfroze, feeling a pitter-patter in his chest at the realization ofnwhat he was doing… Caring for the enemy. Rathbonensucked in a breath and tore from the room…[Chapter 16] XV MorningnSuite Eggs… Linnturned over, squinting against the sun that flooded into the room.nSome smell brought her stomach to growl again. She sat upright whennshe realized she was in a most unfamiliar place. A steaming tray ofnan English breakfast sat upon a small table in the sun. Unfolding thenblanket from her legs, she carefully stepped to the floor, staringncautiously at the tray. She wet her lips, looking around the emptynroom before she finally closed in on the meal and set to devour it. Afterndigesting and feeling much more alert, Lin took up the toast andnmoved toward the window. Gardeners worked diligently on their flowersnin the garden while beyond that, in a courtyard mingled severalnfigures all dressed in pale and flowery colors. His guests, shenassumed… Downingnthe last of the tea, he cringed somewhat. It wasn't Chinese tea,nbut it was eatable. She wiped her mouth upon her sleeve and lookednaround the room again. A small note beside the place where she sleptncaught her eye. She practically ran to snatch it up, turning it overnas she carefully read the English letters. ' Younbroke into my study and fell asleep before I could speak with you. Inhope this brings you up to health so we might come to some sort ofnagreement. Please stay hidden in the room until I come for you bynnightfall. – My only request.' Holdingnher breath, she set the paper down to the nightstand again and lookednaround the empty room…wondering what she would do with the extranhours alone. \"Insay, does that Mrs. Lindon have any more of those scrumptious tarts?\"nGilroy asked, squinting against the blinding white of his own suit innthe sunlight. Dressednin gray, Rathbone chuckled. \"I'll see if she's in the mood.\"nThe guests chuckled lightly, knowing well enough mood would havennothing to do with it. If the master asked for tarts, then the masterngot tarts. \"I've some things last minute things to see to beforenI can join you.\" \"Ohnfiddle-faddle.\" Said Gilroy, gulping down his lemonade, \"You'llnbe dragged out with us tomorrow on the buggy ride, like it or not…\" Rathbone'snpolite smile fell. \"Not Lady Francis.\" \"Thensame!\" Gilroy chuckled. InspectornDoyle chuckled, \"Pardon my interruption, but is she still on thensearch for husbands for her daughters?\" \"Always!\"nGilroy said, \"Even after they're engaged.\" Rathbonengroaned inwardly, turning toward the conservatory door, \"I'll…nhave those tarts sent out.\" Doylenand Gilroy chuckled, \"Well,\" Doyle said with a light grin, \"Atnleast I'm not the one being pinpointed for marriage.\" Gilroynlifted a brow, \"My dear man. You're going as well.\" InspectornDoyle stupidly froze, unaware of the scene playing just behind him atnthe back door. Anhand clasped around his mouth, an arm around his stomach as he wasnquite literally yanked off his feet and off the steps to thenconservatory. He thudded to a clumsy landing inside the bush and intonh flowerbed. Whirling around to find Lin, faintly smiling at him. \"Lin?\"nHe said with surprise, only for her hand to clasp over his mouthnagain. \"SHH!\"nShe pushed him against steps and wall, cornering him there. \"Umf,\"nCame his muffled response as she hit him rather hard against thenwall. He muffled incoherent words again, but Lin's hand stifled outntheir meaning. \"What?\" Rathbonenwrapped his hand around her tiny wrist and pulled her hand from hisnmouth. \"I said you've ruined my good morning suit.\" He paused anmoment, looking quizzically to her, \"What are you doing here?\" Suddenlynshe wondered herself. \"I… came… to thank you.\" She nodded,npulling her wrist free and then shaking his hand like a man. Skepticallynhe eyed her, unenthusiastically returning the gesture. \"I'm sure.nIf there weren't so many guests around you probably would haventaken the moment to exact your revenge.\" He pulled his hand free. Linnfrowned, \"You spared my life.\" \"Butnnot your fathers.\" He said cleanly. A silent beat passed betweennthem before they averted their eyes, \"I have to go. You'll remainnunseen, wont you?\" She nodded. \"And you'll be in that roomntonight so we can discuss this in detail?\" Hesitantlynshe nodded. \"Good.\"nHe glanced to his shoulder, \"Now, if you'll excuse me I have annew coat to find among my other tasks.\" He swept past her, almostnstepping into her shoulder on his way back around the hedges. Linnfrowned at the back of his head… First he helped her and now he wasngiving her a bitter tone. She crossed her arms, ready to let hernannoyance grow back to anger when he stopped at the edge of thensteps. A coy smirk lifted to his face, which slowly gave way to angenuine smile. Lin'snface smoothed, surprised at what she was seeing. With a wink, hendashed up the steps and through the doorway. Lin slowly grinned withnastonishment at the friendliness she read, preferring it to thenwould-be enemy routine.[Chapter 17] XVI TryingnFor Trust Nightnfell over Rathbone Hall. The outside torches had been lit to mark thenway for those arriving for last minute accommodations the eve beforenthe Jubilee Ball. After dinner, and after carefully sneaking throughnthe kitchen's hidden halls, Rathbone gathered enough leftovers ofnthe dinner. Linnheard steps coming up the corridor to the secluded room and climbednabove the moth-eaten canopy to hide. Through the cobwebbed holes ofnthe bed's canopy she watched as a darkly dressed figure steppedninside and set a wrapped bundle and small oil lamp upon the table. Henglanced around curiously before he stepped to the window and drew thencurtains for the first time in probably a decade. They were stubbornnto straighten from their folded state, but after some stubborn shakesnthe curtain finally smoothed out enough to cover the entire casement. Findingnherself in pitch black, Lin dared not to breathe until Rathbonenstruck a match against the table and lit the lamp upon the table. Shenwatched him wave the match out and glance around the darkened roomnone last time before he began unwrapping the bundle. Lin perked up atnthe sight of food again. Her stomach growled noisily, drawing hisnattention towards the bed. Lin tensed, not at his attention, but atnthe tearing beneath her elbow. Suddenly it tore loudly, and shendropped straight down with a short yelp. Ancloud of dust and cobwebs went airborne as she flopped onto thenblanket, coughing and sneezing. When all the springs stoppednsqueaking beneath her, she caught the sound of quiet chuckling. \"Younare a very odd, but very entertaining woman, Lin. Here.\" She lookednup, finding the very man was handing her a small plate, \"Supper.nUnless you've stolen food as well as more of my maid'snundergarments?\" Linnpaused with her hand upon the plate. She gave a sheepish grin beforenquietly accepting the food… attempting to ignore his knowing smirk.n\"You make me suspicious.\" \"Thenkindness, hm?\" Rhetorically clarifying as he took a seat on thenother side of the room. \"I'd rather not have you as an enemy. Ornyour brother, for that matter.\" Linnpaused. Swallowing hard, she stared at him. \"How did you know aboutnWang?\" Claspingnhis hands over his chest as he slouched in the chair, he looked fromnthe light to Lin, \"Wu Chow. He said you would probably notify himnand that he is far more relentless than anyone he knows. Although I'mnsure Wu Chow was not including himself on the statistics. I suppose Inwould be assuming too much to think your brother could be asnforgiving as you. I personally don't believe you're really allnthat kind hearted or stupid.\" Linnlowered the plate to her knee, sitting with her legs folded. \"Younsaid it was an accident.\" \"Instill stabbed the man. Although I appreciate your faith in me, givennhow little you really know about my character, I on the other handnhave more faith in the inevitable.\" \"…Whatndo you mean?\" \"Thinknabout it Lin.\" He folded his arms as she tried to force anothernbit… but her appetite had gone. \"If I were to join forces withnyou, your brother may or may not side with your or I. We would bengreatly outnumbered still by the rebels and in the end Wu Chow wouldnget the seal, as he intends to do.\" \"…Oh.\" \"Butnif I helped him, and we won…\" His eyes drifted off for a beatnbefore he continued, \"I would be left truly without any familynleft, and the knowledge of what I've done, cushioning me on my waynto hell. That is, if I ever live to see long years of guilt.\" \"WunChow.\" Hennodded. \"Youndon't trust his word?\" \"Notnunless it is a threat. Which is why I'm asking you now for someninput. You two have some history, correct?\" Linnnodded, taking a large bite and stuffing her cheeks with pie. \"Ets…\"nShe chewed some more and then swallowed, \"It's long ago. I wasnvery young, and he was banished. I do not remember much, except thenstories that still linger about what he has done. Before he left, henpoisoned those who betrayed him… those who told the Dowager Empressnhe was stealing the seal. The guards were led to the temple and henwas banished since then. He asked his old friends for a toast beforenhis departure. They did not know that he knew. They all died thatnnight.\" \"Insee…\" He fell silent, pondering as he tapped his lower lip. Hisnbrow knotted with the troubled thoughts as she continued to eat.nFinally he broke the silence, \"What would you say to your brothernif he arrived?\" \"He…nalready arrived.\" Rathbone'snattention locked onto her, \"When?\" \"Thenday I escaped. He brought his friend with him and they intend to findnyou on their own. I knew I would beat him here because he's alwaysnhad a poor sense of direction.\" \"Hisnfriend?\" \"No,nWang.\" Her eyes averted, a faint smile settling to her lips. \"Bunthis friend is charming. He's had many books written about him. Henalso gave me these cards.\" Setting the plate aside, she reachedninto her vest and removed the deck of cards, crawling to the edge ofnthe bed to hand it to him. Rathbonenturned the cards to the light. A dark brow escalated at the sight ofnnude women. \"Ah, this makes more sense.\" \"Whatndo you mean?\" She asked curiously, taking her plate from the bed toncarry it to the table beside him. Taking the second seat, she helpednherself the stack of biscuits. Henset the cards aside, turning them over to hide the naked women, \"Younsaid he's charming. Charm is usually a mask one uses to hide whatnthey really are.\" Disapprovingly,nLin pursed her lips at him. \"He's a good man. My brother wouldnnot keep a friend like you say around. Roy O'bannon is a good man.\" Rathbonenstared at her, his forehead creasing as he slowly broke into chucklesnof disbelief. \"O'bannon… Roy O'bannon?\" \"Yes.\" \"Notnthe same written by Sage McAllister.\" Linnfrowned, not comprehending. \"Ohnno,\" He laughed, rubbing his face in an attempt to wipe the grinnfrom his face. \"Lin, the man is a complete fraud. Those storiesndefy all logic and meaning. No wonder you were so taken with him –nhe's a convincing liar!\" \"Inonly just met him!\" She stomped her foot and rose to a stand. \"I'mnnot a stupid child!\" \"No,nyou must admit, it is amusing.\" \"Nonit isn't!\" \"Whynget angry with me then?\" Finally stifling his laughs, he looked upnto her patiently. \"Becausenyou laugh at me.\" \"Considernit a feat. I don't laugh very often. And you are a funny woman.\" \"I'mnnot funny!\" She barked so quickly that she cut off any followingnwords. Realizing she was acting like a child, the cloud of risingnanger lifted. Her frown broke into an embarrassed smile and shenseated once more, \"Change of subject.\" \"Yes,nall right.\" Clearing his throat and all his musing with it, henobliged to her request, \"When the ball is in session tomorrow, younswear to me you will not go wandering about in the open.\" Linnnodded, replying in a tiny voice. \"I promise.\" \"Good.\" \"IsnWu Chow coming soon then?\" \"Soon.\" Shenwaited for an addition to the response, but received none. \"When?\" \"Tomorrow.nI won't tell you when or where.\" He canted his head knowingly,n\"Because I know you'll follow if I give you any leads. He can'tnsee you here again. He'll grow suspicious of me and possibly do younharm.\" Notnliking this answer, Lin averted her eyes to the lamp. Slippingnout his pocket watch, Rathbone unclasped the door. \"It's almostnone o'clock now. I'd better get some sleep… I've a busy dayntomorrow.\" \"Whatnam I supposed to do tomorrow? Hide in here all day? All night?\" Standingnup, he nodded, straightening his coat. \"Yes, as a matter of fact.nBecause I know you're not stupid enough to try anything else. Inpromise that after my meeting with the snake himself I'll report tonyou promptly. If I can rest his worries tomorrow then I will havennegotiated to him that I am none the wiser to whatever actions he maynattempt in the future.\" Linnquickly stood, her hand resting upon the table as she almost startednfor him in protest. But he turned quickly, cutting her off sharplynbefore she could begin. \"Good night Miss Chon.\"[Chapter 18] XVII ThenJubilee Ball Thenentire fortress was ablaze with life and music. Torches flarednoutside, lining the bridge brightly for newly arrived guests.nAlongside the outer walls lined more torches, bringing the entirenouter curtain of the castle to light in a very dark night. Among ansea of dark suits and pale gowns stood Rathbone. His suit darker thannthe rest, adorned with a crisp faded gold cravat and matchingnwaistcoat. \"HisnMajesty the Maharaja of Nevada…\" Called the man at the top of thenstairs. Rathbone looked up, his eyes locking onto the green robed,ndark skinned man in the enormous turban bearing an even largernfeather arrangement. \"…And the general Sherlock Holmes.\" Hisneyes narrowed. There was absolutely no possible reason why he shouldnforget names such as that on his list of invitations. However, angeneral and a maharaja were not something to be taken lightly… evennif they did appear to be peacocks in a sea of penguins and pigeons. Thentwo men stepped down the stairs, widely grinning as they approachednto join the crowd. But Rathbone watched their tall hats, seeing themnmove clearly over the tops of the crowd. \"Insay,\" Gilroy said, stepping to Rathbone. \"Nelson, doesn't theirnclothing remind you of Lord Diggory and his wife's costumes fromnthe last masked ball?\" Rathbonenlooked to him curiously. \"Oh.nI'm sorry.\" Gilroy said, suddenly frowning. \"I forgot you werenin China.\" Chuckling then, he raised his champagne in a smallntoast. \"Here's to coincidence then.\" Steppingnaway from Gilroy, Rathbone sharked his way beside the inspector,nlocking his gaze upon the two in the ridiculous costumes. \"Hownare the security arrangements here Inspector?\" Lord Rathbone asked,nlooking keenly, cautiously over the crowd of faces. InspectornDoyle set aside his plate and wiped his hands together, lacking innall proper manners. \"Swimmingly, my lord.\" Even though Rathbonenstood a good four feet from the man, an air of wine drifted from theninspector. \"And if I may say so…on behalf of Scotland Yard it isnan honor to be guarding your lordship.\" A notion of pride ornsmugness seemed to bring a faint smirk to Rathbone's lips at thenwords even though he kept his eyes peeled to the crowd. \"Inknow I speak for everyone when I say, that, no matter how far you arenfrom the throne, you'll always be number one in our hearts.\"nGrinning as though he had just paid the lord the greatest compliment,nhe awaited a reply. Rathbone'snfaint smile slowly melted into a thin-lipped expression as he turnednan annoyed gaze to the inspector. Like a dog with his tail betweennhis legs, Doyle fell sheepish and silent. \"I think you've had anbit too much wine.\" He snapped at the man discreetly before he setnoff into the crowd. \"OhnNelson!\" A woman's voice chimed through. He turned to the palengowns that gathered besides their playing quartet. \"I want to thanknyou for the ride this morning. We absolutely enjoyed seeing thencountry. Splendid! I've never witnessed quail hunting. I nevernimagined it to be so much fun!\" Graciouslynhe bowed, \"My pleasure Lady Francis. It is always a treat to ridenwith you and your charming daughters.\" Charming being the key wordnto him. \"If you'll excuse me, Lady Francis.\" He offered her andnher surrounding conversationalists a polite bow before pressing tonthe buffet table. Followingnthe path of a passerby, Rathbone made his way to the buffet table,npausing beside the maharaja. \"You should try the quail.\" He said,neyeing the man carefully… however uncertain what to think of himnyet. The maharaja slowly turned from his cutting into the pork,ngripping a long knife in his hand. \"I shot them myself thisnmorning.\" Rathbone clarified, sounding prideful. Thenmaharaja did not react with enthusiasm. Instead he returned thencautious glare. \"How do you do your lordship?\" Thenaccent immediately brought Rathbone to think of Lin. An identicalnaccent if he ever heard one. \"I'm not at all familiar with the…nNevada province.\" No immediate reply. Wishing to avoid a scene,nRathbone shrugged casually, turning to a friendly note. \"But, thennI haven't been to India since '81. I spend most of my time in thenOrient.\" Thenmaharaja was struck with vague familiarity. He responded distantly,n\"I hear you have just returned from China.\" Actingnimpressed, he replied, \"You are well informed maharaja. It is myndream that the Chinese will follow India's example and one daynembrace British rule.\" Quietlyndefiant, the maharaja replied. \"The Chinese are very proud. Theynplace family and honor above all else.\" Familynand honor , he musednin that beat of silence… Chon Wang, who abandoned his family tondishonor them only to arrive as a threat to Rathbone now…andnRathbone was not pleased. It irked him to hear the words, and a cruelnslip of the tongue brought him a guilty joy in seeing the man'sngrip upon the knife tighten. \"Well, I'm sure we can break them ofnthat.\" Knowingnhe had to leave before he trapped himself in a very embarrassingnsituation, he removed his pocket watch. Fifteen minutes until thenmeeting. \"If you'll excuse me, I have a little matter to attendnto?\" ThenMaharaja of Nevada gave a falsely respected bow, in which Rathbonenreturned the favor and quickly left. \" Whoops .\"nHe said under his breath as he entered the hall, lined with armorednguardsmen. A hand pressed to his waistcoat as he felt the rush ofnletting his snide remarks get the best of him at the worst possiblenmoments.[Chapter 19] XVIII PursuingnEyes Henstepped quietly down the hall. Full armor displays lined each side,nthe walls bearing medieval weapons collected over the generationsnflickered the torchlight, reflecting the dark shadow of Rathbone asnhe walked alone to the double oak doors. Silently, he opened them andnstepped diligently inside the library. Quickly he scoped the room,nthe tables, the shelves, and finally the large paintings upon thenwall. No movements, no sounds. Only the faint mist of old smoke fromnhis guests' cigars earlier in the evening. He closed the doornbehind himself, shutting out the distant music and buzzing thatnechoed off the walls. Roundingnglobe to stand beside a circular table, he unlocked the desk drawernand slid it open. A small panel behind the drawer was lifted and thendragon key removed. Rolling the chain around itself, he tucked itncarefully into his pocket. Next his derringer was plucked from thendrawer. The barrel slid open as he inspected its chambers. Loaded, henslid it into the metal fixture in his sleeve until it clicked back,nready for use if necessary… Removingnhis cloak from the back of the chair, he tied it around his neck andnstepped toward the large, marble hearth. The mantel of the hearth wasndecoratively held by two sculptured women, bare breasted and Venetiannin their design. Givingnthe familiar twins a desensitized glance, he pressed upon the rightnfigure's left breast and steadied his feet. Immediately the hearth,nand the stone floor beneath him turned in place 180 degrees. Shouldnanyone decide to step into the library behind him they would findnonly the same looking hearth in its place, and the entire room empty. Asnthe platform settled to a complete stop, he turned to regard his mostnvisited, most tended to room. Stolen treasures, confiscated goods,npriceless gifts and artifacts lay organized about thenhorseshoe-shaped room. The walls remained brown and corroded, a surensign of its secrecy for it had not been as well kempt or repaired asnthe rest of the castle. Among the orange flicker of the torchlight'snhe had lit hours earlier, there was the faint white glow from thenlibrary room itself, seeping through the backsides of the canvases tonthe library's paintings. Thencenter table, among an array of vases, urns and pottery sat thengolden box of the Imperial Seal. Removing the key from his pocket, henstepped toward it, kneeling to better view the lock. He had onlyninserted the key for a moment when the feeling of being watched camenover him. Rathbone sharply turned, gasping when he found Lin standingnbeside him. He looked up, semi peeved. \"You'rengoing to see him.\" She noted, attempting not to clench her fists atnher sides. Henstood up, leaving the key to sit in the lock. \"How the blazes didnyou get in here?\" Linnpaused a moment, debating if she should answer him. \"I found andoorway. Over there.\" Her eyes darted to the side, away from thenhearth behind him. Rathbone looked ahead, finding a faint linenagainst the wall. Henblinked with surprise. \"There's another doorway?\" He askednhimself aloud. Lin'snseriousness faded for an instant as she grinned with pride. \"Infollowed a hall behind a pillar on a balcony.\" Speechless,nhe turned his gaze back to her. Quietlynshe laughed. Suddenlynhe blinked and frowned. \"No.\" Lin started, her grin dropped,n\"Absolutely not.\" He said with clarity, kneeling again, \"You'rennot coming with me.\" It clicked. \"WunChow is mine!\" She argued, watching him pull open the heavy lid tonthe box. The seal gleamed every color in the light, shimmering andnsinging in its brilliance in a velvet bed of crimson. Snatchingnit up, he tucked it into his pocket and let the lid down to close.nImpatiently he turned his attention to her and stood to meet her gazenat more an equal level. \"You'll be placing me in danger, you'llnbe compromising the seal.\" Linnstepped toward him until she was breathing onto his chin, squintingnstubbornly at his face. \"You can't stop me.\" \"Ifnyou attack him, he will know I'm letting you live. But if younfollow, I might just kill you myself.\" Miffed, he stepped back fromnher, putting some distance between them before he sized her up with anscrutinizing glance, \"You're becoming more of a problem than even I could achieve.\" Lin'snlips parted to retort, only to hear rummaging and voices echoingnthrough the library. Both their eyes flashed toward the wall thatndivided the treasury room from the library. Lin turned back tonRathbone, only to remain silent. He had vanished. Hearingnthe voices, Lin's curiosity grew. She stepped to the backside ofnthe portrait, pulling herself up by a handle upon the wall to standnon the platform. Her eyes were close to the peephole, carefullyndesigned to match the eyes of the portrait on the other side. Throughntwo blurred holes, she found herself looking into the library…andnspying upon two familiar men. \"Wherenis he?\" Wang asked aloud. Roynstepped in from behind, closing the doors behind them, \"Lets see…nWe just came in through the only doorway, so that leaves only onenexplanation!\" He whispered excitedly, looking to Chon. \"Remembernwhen, in Roy O'bannon Versus the Mummy, how the Zombie King gotnaway when I chased him into the Pharaoh's tomb? There's a secretnpassageway behind the Sphinx. Now,\" He moved toward thenbookshelves, \"There's got to be a lever or button over here…\"nHis voice trailed off as he began a task of pulling at the books uponnthe shelf. Wangnfollowed suit, far less enthusiastically. He pulled at two books,nshaking his head at Roy and his wild ideas. Sliding the shelf laddernaside to continue with his book pulling, his eyes wavered upward withnboredom. They settled upon the painting. With interest, he paused.nThe eyes gleamed from the light, clear as… He jumped and ran to hisnfriend across the room. \"Roy! The painting!\" He pointed, drawingnRoy's attention to it, \"It's looking at me.\" \"Ohnyeah, yeah, it looks like it's looking at me too…\" He chuckled,n\"That's gre-\" \"-No!nReal eyes!\" He looked back to the painting, memorized. \"Moving…\" \"No,nChon,\" Roy sighed, \"That kid really got to you didn't he?nUnbelievable. We're not in a haunted house. That's a technique annartist uses. Ubiquitous gaze or perusing eye is the technical term,\"nHe replied knowingly. Wang began to wander off, his eyes nevernunlocking from the painting. \"It's unnerving though, I'll givenyou that.\" Roy turned back to read the spines of the books. Wangnfinally looked away, only to find another framed picture. The paintedndog looked at him. \"Now! Roy – those eyes – look!\" He yelpednand pointed. ButnRoy did not look up. Distractedly he replied, \"Whatever you saynChon…\" Plucking the small red book from the shelf, he read thentitle: Kama Sutra (The art of sexual technique). Immediatelynintrigued he flipped it open. Chonnwandered to the hearth, looking to all the portraits withnuncertainty… perhaps he had been overacting… Sighing heavily, henleaned upon the hearth statue. \"ROY!\" \"What,nChon, are the statues moving now?\" After a moment of receiving nonreply, Roy stepped to a nearby chair and seated himself, removing anmagnifying glass for…more accurate reading. \"Let's see what youngot here, Rathbone…\" \"ROY!\" Growlingnwith frustration, Roy stepped up from the chair and slipped the glassnand booklet to his vest pocket, \"Dam nit! I can't even hearnmyself thinking with you shouting at me Chon!\" But he turned tonfind an empty room. \"…Chon…?\"[Chapter 20] -1 XIX 'She'snGonna Fight My Battles for Me.' Linnwatched as her brother activated the passageway. She stepped downnfrom the portrait, intending to meet her brother, when she heard echonthe clamoring of many steps. Stepping back to the portrait, shenwatched from behind a statue of gold as a trio of royal guards movedninto the room from the very entrance she had taken earlier. The wallnclosed up behind them, and they soon engaged in a battle with hernbrother. Undoubtedlynthe guards had followed her there. Lin moved to assist, only to pausenwhen she realize her brother could take care of himself. It was Roy,nshe suddenly realized, who probably had little or no training fornsuch predicaments… particularly if the stories Wang wrote aboutntheir Western World escapades were true. Backnup to the portrait, she pulled herself and peered into the room. Roynstood up before her, hands on his hips as he glared about the roomnfor his missing friend… looking near ready to give up his search. Shenlooked toward the hearth, hoping Wang would reappear to help hisnfriend…not wanting her brother to know she was even there. He wouldnnever approve of her participation. Naturally,nhis eyes would turn upward to the portrait. He looked twice, and shenlooked to him. He jumped dramatically and screamed. \"Ah! Ah! Ah!nChon! Demons!\" Thendouble oak doors slammed open, as more guards flooded into the room.nRoy panicked, screaming again and throwing random books at the armednmen and their rapiers. Wang was late, and Lin could no longer hide.nGripping the handles upon the wall, she yanked herself through,ntearing through the canvas over Roy's head as she flew straight atnthe men. Sharp kicks knocked them down, and when she landedngracefully enough, she made an extra effort to make sure they wouldnnot be getting up anytime soon. Whennall three of the men lay groaning upon the floor, she whirled aroundnto face Roy. Hensaw her in slow motion, her hair whipping the air to settle softlynaround her face. With envy, respect and sudden devotion to stick bynher side, he said out loud, \"She's gonna fight my battles fornme.\" \"Comenon! This way!\" She said, pulling him by the wrist to the hearth.nWithout giving it much thought, she ran her hands over the life-sizednstatues. \"What'renyou doin'…?\" He watched with fascination. \"I like that.\" Shenpressed upon the breasts and watched as the hearth turned again. Thentreasure room was empty, and Lin instinctively stepped toward thengolden dragon box… only to realize she already knew it was empty. Roynalmost drooled at the wealth lying around him. \"Wow, look at this…\" Withoutnbothering, she turned back to Roy and stepped back to the hearth. Shenactivated the hearth again and they turned back to the library. Linnfrowned at the mess. Books, furniture, ladders and rapiers allnmingled and mangled with several unconscious bodies of royal Britishnguards. Roynblinked at the change of scenery. \"Wait. There's somethingndifferent about this room.\" Backnto the treasury room, Lin sighed heavily, exasperated already byneverything. As they turned again to the golden glow of the secretnroom, she sighed with relief. \"Wang…\" \"Chon!nFor God's sakes…\" \"Lin!\"nHe whirled around and moved to embrace her. \"Nownhe shows up.\" Wangnlooked to Lin, his face most serious. \"I found it.\" Lin'snheart winced as he turned around to the golden box upon the table.nHer insides flooded with the weight of regret. \"Wait,\"nRoy said behind them, anxious about his little adventure. \"Don'tnyou wanna hear about…\"? \"It'sngone.\" Lin told Wang, feeling the lump in her throat. She could notnlook at him. Wangnfroze at her words for a beat before he lifted the lid to see fornhimself. Empty. He slowly closed it…his face riddled with unspokennwords of 'what now…?' Linnnibbled on her lip. She wanted desperately to volunteer what shenknew… that Wu Chow was somewhere close by, that the seal was withinnreach, that they could probably be lent a hand by Lord Rathbone himnself … Father's murderer, she thought. Her eyes dropped withnshame. Wang could never see it the same. Black was black, and whitenwas white. Even if she had told them Wu Chow was nearby, she did notnknow where Rathbone had left to, or how to follow him. SuddenlynWang moved. He looked to his left and stood up. Lin blinked withnwonder. She watched as he moved toward a large gold statue of Shivanagainst the wall beside a wall torch. Wang lifted his cuff beside thenbillowing flame of the torch. His cuff billowed as well. A draft…nWang gently pushed against the statue, and it slid on its own thenrest of the way, silently, smoothly… A squared passageway stoodnbefore them. Lin'sneyes lit up with hope… Wang waved for them to follow, and withoutnhesitation, Lin obeyed, stepping into the damp corridor behind him,nand Roy at the end. \"Wherendoes this lead?\" Lin asked aloud. \"Indon't know.\" Wang whispered back to her. \"Thisnis an invasion route. In the old days, they use to use this when thenfortress was bein' raided. Or, sometimes they would let their enemiesninside, trap them inside the fortress, set it on fire and escape thisnway while the entire place burned down. It usually leads to annoutside structure like a cottage or a farm house, or sometimes thenold family crypt.\" Wangnand Lin both stopped from their crouched walking to look back to Roy. Roynstopped and then shrugged. \"What? I read fairy tales too…oncenupon a time. What do you think got Sage McCallister to write thosenstories about me?\" Surprised,nWang and Lin shrugged to one another and pressed onward, coming to annarrow stairwell. Lin and Roy stayed back as Wang climbed the stairsnand carefully pushed against the ceiling. It moved upward on hinges.nSmall strands of hay and dirt fell downward upon their heads as thenthree of them peered up through the floor hatch. Voicesnechoed and horses huffed in their stalls. Afternlighting the lanterns on the beams, Rathbone pulled open the stablendoors and waited. The air was not as chilled as he anticipated for anlate spring night… in fact it almost felt too warm for the cloakndraped over his shoulders. On the other hand, perhaps Wu Chow'sntardiness was bringing him to sweat in his wait. Slippingnout his pocket watch, he unclasped it to read the face. Romannnumerals read it was two minutes past midnight. Before he could givenit a thought, a twig snapped from behind. He whirled around with anstartled breath caught in his throat. Ansilver grin gleamed from the shadows. Wu Chow stepped casually aroundnthe beam, his usual silver handled cane in hand. \"Mustnyou keep doing that?\" He was peeved to say the least. However,nhe continued to grin, \"I was taught not to be seen or heard.\" Rathbonenscowled inwardly, loathing the man before him with every fiber of hisnbeing. Biting his tongue with all his willpower, he eyed the man'snapproach with caution. WunChow stopped before him. His grin dissipated, and a skeptic tonenreplaced his polite disposition. \"The seal.\" Halfnoffended, Rathbone reached into his pocket. \"I am a man of mynword.\" After all the dirty jobs he had committed for this man, WunChow did not appear to trust him. Something leaped in his chest asnthe notion of Lin's presence having been spied on within his ownndwelling. Thenweight of the seal lay cold in his palm, the soft brush of the redntassels against his fingers as he handed it to Wu Chow'snoutstretched and greedy hand. Thendevil grinned, turning the diamond in the light, unable to remove hisnbeady black eyes from the prize. A prize not yet in his possession,nbut a prize he felt he had already won. AlthoughnRathbone knew it was not wise, he was unable to hold the glare andnthe sarcastic smile as he watched the man…any moment, he knew, WunChow would begin reminiscing. \"Inremember my brother playing with this like it was a baby rattle…\" Rathbonenwanted desperately to begin tapping his foot. He had heard it allnbefore. Nevertheless, he decided to let Wu Chow have his bitter wordsnand to let him hold the seal for a while. Like a spoiled child, henhoped Wu Chow would quit his whinnying for a while if he got his fixnon gazing upon the Imperial Seal's artisanship. WunChow looked past the seal, setting his eyes to Rathbone. \"When Intried to look at it, the Dowager Empress would beat me.\" Bored,nbut pretending to understand or care, he replied, \"No doubt yourndepraved childhood made you the man you are today.\" Perhapsnspoiled, unthankful, vengeful and cold, he thought tonhimself...ignoring his own likeness to it all. Wanting a change ofnmeaningful conversation, he added. \"Everything's been arranged asndiscussed?\" WunChow nodded, keeping a tight grip on the seal as he began a list ofnthe preparations. \"The barges are loaded and ready. Ammunition isnfull, we have stocked up on three times the amount necessary.nThere'll be no time for training or practice without unnecessarynrisk of being seen…\" Noddingnwith compliance, Rathbone bided his time until Wu Chow reached thenend of his reassuring. Extending a hand, he offered Wu Chow anconclusive smile. \"Than our business here is completed.\" Givingnthe seal one last, longing glance, he grinned sheepishly at Rathbonenand reluctantly placed it into his hand. Muttering a farewell, WunChow offered a respectful nod to Rathbone and turned to step from thenstables and into the black of night. Henglared, wishing he could burn holes into the back of the man's headnas Wu Chow walked away. \"Wunwho?\" a voice whispered. Rathbonenwhirled around…he was no longer alone.[Chapter 21] -1 XX BattlenIn The Stables Thensound brought Rathbone to whirl around, the seal lowering in hisnhand. For a beat only, he half hoped, half feared Lin would benstanding there. He'd practically begged her not to follow, prayednshe had not followed for both their safety… However, two faces,nquite unlike Lin's dropped down from his sight. His heart stillednbefore alarm welled up inside him. He tried to assess the situation.nNevertheless, time ran out. Overnthe nearby stall, the horse whinnied, drawing his attention just inntime to find Lin cutting through the air with an outstretched kick.nIt knocked the wind out of him, hitting him square in the chest. Fornan instant time slowed, and the seal flung from his hand as he fellnbackwards, landing softly against a wall of hay. Henblinked hard, coming to his senses as he saw Lin standing before himnwith a determined frown. He remembered the two men and Wu Chow werennot far away… Lin was getting him out of the way to get to Him. Thenmen, whoever they were, had obviously followed Lin… They were anthreat, regardless. The glare in her eye, and the shock of her attacknplanted a seed of doubt…whose side was she on? He flicked hisnwrist, and the metal contraption clicked to life, springing out thenderringer to his palm. He could not turn the barrel at her, andninstead turned the pistol on the men who threatened everything. Henaimed and fired. It splintered the wood over their heads as onendarted out from his hiding place, a Chinaman in a green vest. Thenhorses began to kick and whine in their stalls. Linnclosed in on him and he instinctively turned the pistol on her. Shentook his wrist, the pistol aiming over her shoulder. \" What are you doing?\" He hissed angrily in her face. Theynspun around in half a dance as they struggled with the pistol, andnhis finger tightened over the trigger. A bullet cut through the air,nand the next moment there roared a raging flame sprouted from thenfallen lantern upon the hay sprinkled ground. The fire soon caughtnboth their attention as it created a barrier, slowing the two men onntheir dash for the fallen seal. In that moment he knew the men werenwith Lin… Thenanimals grew more frantic, kicking against the walls of their stallsnas their instinct to escape fire rose. Unable to let her go forwardnafter Wu Chow while his Jubilee Ball was still in session, he had tonact quickly. Rathbonenlocked eyes with her, holding the struggle still for only a beat. \"Gonback the way you came in!\" He growled and with a sudden and violentnthrust, he threw her off. Shencollided with Wang, stumbling to catch her balance with his aid. Lockingnhis pistol back to his sleeve, he glared at the three who charged atnhim and reached for the twine of the hay, yanking it down to put anbarrier between the three and himself. They stumbled back, avoidingnthe falling hay as Rathbone reached aside for a nearby lantern.nRaising it high, he caught Lin's eyes for a split moment. Grittingnhis teeth and swallowing down his doubts, he smashed the lantern intonthe hay. Innan instant a spire of flames roared to life, creating a thick wall ofnfire between he and his current enemies. He raised his cloak as extranprotection from the abrupt heat as he stepped back from the stablendoorway. Coughing, he looked through the stables, watching the stonenbuilding as the flames licked up high to the wooden rafters. Henpulled the doors together, and in the pinch of it, offered one lastnglare to them all before he sealed them inside. They would have tontake the long way around to get outside again to find Wu Chow… Henstood back, looking up at the hellish scene, coughing into the foldnof his cape until he was far enough away, standing upon the grassnbeside the road. He heard screaming. Horrible screaming… His hearndropped as he recalled his pedigree horses still inside, all fivenprobably burning to a crisp. Shutting his eyes, he lowered his facenlevel to the ground and silently prayed for a miracle. Hisnmiracle came. A loud bang brought his head to snap upward to find hisnvery horses stampeding out. Throwing him self even farther from thengrass in the nick of time. \"Yeehaw!\" \"Yeh-haaaw!\"nCame two voices as they thundered past his head. Rathbonenscurried to his feet after the last horse passed. His face burnednwith rage at having almost been trampled by his own horses…andnknowing damn well Wu Chow had not gone far enough to have missednthis…He huffed and growled and wheezed, glowering as he watched thenfaint figures run down the lane and out of sight… Cursingnand kicking the daylights out of a nearby shrub, he threw off hisncape, tossing the derringer with it, and the blasted contraption tonjoin. After his temper was exhausted, he turned with a deep breath tonthe flaming fiasco of his Jubilee Ball. Rathbonenfroze with a sudden thought. His eyes rolled and then shut, \"Ohnno…\" he leaned down upon his knees. The seal was still inside… Antroop of guardsmen came jogging through the partway in the hedges,npausing at the sight before them. His head already swimming withnendless thoughts, he turned and barked at them. \"Call a firenbrigade!\" One nodded and ran off, \"You! Get Inspector Doyle!\"nThe second obeyed quickly, \"And the rest of you! Get back tonguarding the guests!\" Theynmarched off in a hurry, leaving Rathbone alone with only two guards.nHe looked back to the stables, cursing under his breath beforenstomping into the garden and to the open veranda to rejoin hisnguests. He would have to make a very calm, very formal apology tonthem all… and see to a quiet and safe evacuation of those who werennot already staying at his estate. \"Yes.\"nHe said, looking quiet unsettled as he lowered the sketches done bynthe police of the two men in the ridiculous costumes. \"These arenthe men who attacked me.\" Anhandful of inspectors stood dutifully by, awaiting orders. With thenmajority of the guests having been let go, the house staff underncareful questioning and the fire being extinguished outside, Rathbonenwas finally having time to think. InspectornDoyle fiddled with his bowler hat, dripping wet from his ownnencounter with the stampede over the bridge outside the castle. \"I'mnafraid the assailants have temporarily eluded us, my lord.\" Lin,nhe thought… if Lin had not been able to escape her cell in Londonnin the first place, none of this would have happened. Snapping backnto Doyle from his ruffled pacing, Rathbone most angrily replied,n\"Perhaps you could explain to me how Looney Lin managed tonescape the confines of Scotland Yard under the watch of the most respected police force in the world…?\" Embarrassednofficers cleared their throats. Doyle shame seemed short-lived untilnhe recalled the wire he received with the details from Hodgkins.n\"Yes, of course. It's fascinating! Uhm.\" Brows furrowed as hencollected the details in his mind, \"She picked the lock using andeck of rather risqué playing cards. Then scaled the walls with anmop, a fork and several pilfered undergarments.\" He gave a snortingnlaugh, \"You've got to hand it to the Chinese. They're awfullyningenious, aren't they?\" Rathbonensmirked, un-amused and still miffed. Suddenly he exploded, \"Doesnyour incompetence know no bounds?!\" Sneering,nhe tore away from the cowering inspector, who was huddling over hisndripping wet bowler hat. Doylensheepishly glanced to Rathbone, who was making his way to the spiritsntable… when his eyes lowered. His brows lowered, and the gears innhis head began to turn. \"Pardon my prying sir…\" Rathbonenstopped, huffed and turned to face him with impatience. \"…Butnmight I inquire as to the whereabouts of the underground passage?\" ThenLord stood still and silent. \"Well.nI couldn't help but notice that your shoes carry a specific shadenof gray clay, found only in sub-terrain layers of the earth, quitenunique to this area.\" Rathbone'sneyes trailed down to his own shoes, which were indeed, caked withnclay. \"Underground passage? What lunacy is this? I see yournincompetence is only superseded by your impertinence.\" He shot thenidle constables a sideways glance as he stalked up to Doyle. Standingnquite closely, he strenuously said, \"Tread softly inspector.\" Henleft immediately, determined to have the last word, and to makencertain Doyle could never become a future threat with his obviousnknowledge. Doyle's reputation would be mangled beyond repair,ndestroyed and ultimately flushed down the John by this horrid fiasco,nand Rathbone would see to that personally first thing in the morning…[Chapter 22] -1 XXI ThenLost Seal Rathbonenstormed down the hall. It had been a long, tedious night of thenJubilee Ball … it would all undoubtedly be devoured by the press innless time than it took the stables to go up in flames. He needednsleep and time alone to think a lie or some other excusable thing tontell Wu Chow on their next meeting… if there was one. Thendoor clicked as he pressed his back to it, latching himself into thendarkened confines of his room. Curtains drawn and no fire or light,nhe sat in the dark a long moment, taking deep breaths, trying tonconvince himself it was going to fine, that some miracle would pullnhim in the clear. 'Inremember my brother playing with this like it was a baby rattle…' Thenenvy and the obsession Wu Chow had over the Imperial Seal madenNelson's insides shake violently. His heart was poundingnuncomfortably in his chest and his head was spinning. A clammy handnpressed to his forehead as he sank against the door, \"I'm a deadnman…\" He groaned, finally sitting upon the floor. Anfloorboard squeaked somewhere in the darkness of the room. Nelsonnjumped, his back hitting the door as a hand pressed to his alreadynstraining heart, expecting it to burst from shock and stress at anynmoment. \"Wherenis the seal?\" A small voice spoke from the dark. Rathbone'snteeth grit at her voice and pushed himself to his feet, ignoring thenterrible painful throb in his chest. His tone was strained andnbitter. \"Probably melted beneath the ruins of my stables.\" Hearingnsoft steps, he listened as Lin stepped across the room. A matchnscraped against the table and flare and she lit a small candle uponnhis nightstand. She looked tired and crestfallen as she set the matchninto the candle's tray. \"I could not find him.\" Lin'sneyes fell over the scrapes upon his face. Reluctantly she steppednforward… \"You're hurt.\" \"Really?\"nHis tone was drenched with sarcasm as he stepped away from her. \"Wasnthe entire scenario necessary?\" Linnlowered her head. \"I don't…He escaped.\" Nelsonnrolled his eyes. \"Don't you ever think about anything else?\" Henlooked her over from head to tow with a snort of disgust. \"Yournjust as obsessed as Wu Chow. Perhaps you should be trying to befriendnhim rather than confusing me. One moment you're willing to listen,nthe next your kicking me in the hay! I don't understand you.\" Lin'sndark eyes darted toward him, blank at first. When the words finallynsunk in, her face turned down with hurt. Rathbonenmoved to the water basin, tearing off his cravat and tossing it atnhis wardrobe. \"I thought we had an understanding. I thought we agreed to keep things going smoothly until a better option wasnavailable. Instead, we're fighting while everything is beingndestroyed behind our backs. You make this far to easy to blame younfor the things tonight…\" His coat snapped to the floor, joiningnthe cravat. Rolling his sleeves up, he turned to frown disapprovinglynat the woman. \"I'm sure you've said absolutely nothing to yournthieving brother and his friend?\" Lin'sneyes remained glued to the floor with shame. Her lips pressedntogether, trembling as she held back a sob. \"Indidn't think you would… it wouldn't appear honorable .\"nHe turned his back to her and sloppily poured the water into thenbowl, setting the pitcher aside with a hard 'clunk'. Scooping up thenicy water, he splashed his face twice. A small cringe, Rathbonenlooked into the mirror, pulling at the scrape upon his cheek fromnLin' attack in the stables. \"I suppose you would prefer to live anlie to your brother and risk endangering others than telling him thentruth. You really haven't thought about it have you?\" Henlooked to her through the mirror. Lin said nothing, turning her facenfrom the candlelight to hide the tear that was falling. \"Younsaid yourself he broke away from his duties, that he adopted a newnlife in America. He has dishonored tradition and your father'snwishes. Yet here you are: concerned about appearing dishonorable andnweak before your brother. You're brother has already proven bothnthose points of himself. Are you trying to associate somenrelationship lost or are you trying to show him you're better? Isnthis making any sense to you? I've had it up to here, Lin. You'venclearly no intention on trusting me. You are clearly thinking itnwould be better to use me to get to your precious seal. Do you reallynthink you can return to your beloved Emperor without him suspectingnyou had anything to do with this? You were the only one who survivednthat night. You're the daughter of the keeper of the Imperial Sealnand yet you'll return conveniently with your exiled brother.\" Henshook his head, scoffing… \"Very well. If you wont accept a mutualnpartnership with me, then you should leave me alone. I've hadnenough of obsessive, foreign backstabbers.\" Linngasped, a hand pressing to her mouth. Rathbonenturned around, still drying his hands. He frowned against the flickernof the candle, \"What now ?\" Hernshoulders shook, laced with a stifled sob. Settingnthe towel aside, he hesitantly took a step closer. However, shenmoved, rushing far around him to the tapestry on the wall. Yanking itnaside, she disappeared into the wall's opening. Asnif the night had not been miserable enough, guilt now seeped intonhim, bringing his feet to drag as heavy as led, nailing him to thenspot and preventing him from moving after her. She was not comingnback, and now he was truly alone in his battle…if he even had anfighting chance. Anwhispered oath and he marched to the candle, moving to snatch it fromnthe table and blew it out. The room was black as pitch once again.nUnbuttoning the top of his white shirt and golden waistcoat, henturned toward his wardrobe… His head banged against something hard,nsparking colorful stars and blotches to flare up in the dark likenburred fireworks. Fallingnback, he thudded flat to the ground, sprawled out on an Indian rug. Hisnhead lulled with a groan as the room waved like sloshing water.nSuddenly, the light raised and the room was flooded in a glow of goldnand red. A roaring, silent fire fluttered along the wall in anuniquely long hearth. The marble floors reflected the crimsonnceiling. The jangling still twinkled, and Rathbone slowly raised hisnhead to get a better look. He lay upon a stack of foreign throws andnornamental pillows. He blinked with bafflement at what lay beyondnthat… A tiger rug, resembling much of the same beast he had draggednall the way from the orient, But it was not the rug that had himnstupidly gawking. Lin gleamed to him, brushing the gold fringe of hernunusual and immodest garment. The devilish look in her eye broughtnhim to gulp and sit upright. Something was not quite right. \"Lin-…\"nHis words cut short as he realized his hands were boundnoverhead…tightly. \"Oh lord.\" Thenjangling of golden beads grew closer. He looked back to Lin as shenbegan to crawl toward him, straddling over one knee before she satnupright. A Cheshire cat's grin spread over her face as shenunclasped a foot long whip from her hip. Tornnbetween intrigue and terror for his own well-being, his wristsnsquirmed. \"Ah-ah…\"nShe sang her warning, brushing the fringe of the whip against hisncheek. His brows escalated. \"L-Linnthis… this isn't uh…right. This is very wrong.\" However, shenflashed him a knowing wink and then raised a long black sash, bendingnover him to press it flat against his eyes. \"You'rennot struggling.\" Came a low whisper tickling his ear. \"Ohnmercy.\" He was blind – and loving it. Thenfringe of her top tickled his chin as she whispered into his earnagain, most demandingly, \"I don't want your cooperation.\" \"OhnLin!\" \" Nelson .\"nShe called out, in a peculiarly deep voice. \"…What…?\" \" Nelson !\" Slapped,nhe blinked hard to find himself looking upward into the faces ofnGilroy and the house cleaner. \"Ugh…\" A hand rose to hisnforehead, where a red square patch of skin lay. \"Younseem to have run into your wardrobe door. The latch is broken. Younreally ought to see it get fixed…\" Gilroy informed him, kneelingnbeside as he helped Rathbone to a sit. \"Itnwas…dark…\" It was only dark after he had blown out thencandle … Stupid, really. \"Yes,nit was. The sun is up now.\" He noted, nodding to the maid. Shenswept through the room, snatching up the discarded coat and cravat onnher way to the window. The curtains were yanked aside and the roomnwas engulfed by morning light. Rathbonensquinted painfully against it, shielding his eyes with his hand untilnhe adjusted to it. \"How long have you been sitting here?\" \"Oh,nan hour. You were out cold all the way through sunrise. And younmumble in your sleep.\" Gilroy popped to his feet and lent Rathbonena hand. Stumblingnto his feet, he seated himself upon a nearby chair, watching the maidnscurry out of the room with the morning laundry. Though the dreamnstill lingered, he was suddenly sickened with the bombarding weightsnof remembering the previous night. \"I'm not feeling so well.\" \"Inthought you wouldn't.\" He noted, using his mirror to adjust hisnown tie and morning suit. \"After inhaling that wretched smoke andnall that bad luck, I think you're liable to stay in bed for a week.nIf not out of sheer embarrassment.\" Rathbone'snfeathers were quite ruffled as he looked upon his friend. \"Thanknyou for the encouragement, Gilroy. I mean I haven't slept a winknlast night.\" \"Neitherndid I, frankly. I was far too excited after all that.\" He turnednaround and grinned beneath his mustache, \"Just think. How manynguests get to say they have seen such things at a formal ball? Thenblaze was brilliant enough, but the look on your face when you putnthat inspector in his place! Brava, I say! It was too good to miss,nwhy, I had to stay up all night and write the whole thing down in myndiary. I'm going to write it to all my friends you know…\" Withndeadpan expression, he watched his friend watch him. Finally, henreplied, \"I find it no laughing matter Gilroy. People are trying tonkill me and I intend to find out why.\" Gilroy's grin began tonfade as he watched his friend stand up and step to the wardrobe fornhis dressing robe. \"Honestly, Gilroy. I would not be so concernednif it was Looney Lin alone, but it isn't. She has help now. Theynare probably part of a group from China who detest the idea ofnoutsiders taking missions to their country. Just a theory, I don'tnreally know anything at this point. Like the Boxers, perhaps.\" \"Insay, Nelson…\" Gilroy said with a dire note. \"Do you think theynare Boxers?\" Henpaused. His lie to Gilroy had paid off, as Gilroy just presented anhelpful idea. His brows furrowed, giving it some obvious thought. \"Indon't know.\" Tying his robe tightly and turned to him, \"Incertainly hope they aren't… because if it is the Boxers then wencan truly count on me not being the only target.\" Gilroynpaled, a hand lifting to rub at his chin with deep thought. \"Ohndear. Oh dear, oh dear…\" \"Indeed.nI need sleep, Gilroy… I need a clear mind to think things through,nand I hope for a miracle in the meantime. Please, don't go speakingnabout what we discussed just now. I can't have people worrying ornmaking a spectacle out of it. It's insulting.\" Demurelynnodding, Gilroy gathered himself and stepped toward the door, \"Sleepnwell then. I'll see you on the morrow!\"[Chapter 23] XX KamanSutra \"Sir,\"nThe butler said, turning to bow respectfully to Rathbone as henentered the library. Two stacks of books sat atop the table. \"Thenbooks on the left are in need of repair or replacement, the books onnthe right will be returned to their proper place when the shelvesnhave been repaired. The chairs have been removed for…\" \"-Repairs,nyes.\" He nodded, hands clasping behind his back as he strolledninside, overlooking the entire room. His eyes trailed over thenportrait that had once been torn… or rather, was and was immediately replaced. Each of the royal guards that hadnwitnessed his secret room had been bribed, threatened or already sentnoff to serve England over sees…depending on their personal responsento Rathbone's questioning them. Anhand ran over the disturbed dust of the shelves where the books hadnbeen removed for surveying. The butler approached him once more,nremoving a pad of paper from his coat pocket, \"Sir. A list of thenbooks if you wished to chose which ones to order. And there's onenbook missing. We're still searching for it.\" Henshot the man a curious frown before he folded the first leaf back: 'Kama Sutra' . A brow lifted, \"That was an autographedncopy…\" He said with bafflement. \"It's probably the leastnworthy of stealing, it couldn't amount to anything on the market.\" Thenbutler shrugged apologetically. Rathbonentucked the pad of paper into his vest pocket, \"It wasn't even onnone of the shelves destroyed.\" They both shook their heads withnpuzzlement before he stepped from the room. \"Sir,nwe've rounded up your missing horses. They've been spotted overnthe hill this morning. They're all back and in the western stables,nsir.\" The hostler said, grinning ear to ear at his own triumph. Rathbonennodded, \"Very good, thank you, excuse me.\" Makingnhis trek up a flight of carpeted steps, he hustled his way to hisnstudy. The sudden urgency to be alone welled up so suddenly it hadnnearly caught him off guard. Another panic attack was surfacing andnhe wished not to make a display of it. Show of weakness was notnsomething he wanted to be remembered for. The door closed behind him,nshutting out the rustling of skirts as Lady Rosenthal quickened toncatch him. But the door closed too soon. He was safe. Sighingnheavily, he moved to the window overlooking the short maze garden andnfountain below. Late afternoon birds chirped and fluttered about innthe unique way only an early summer could offer. Hensat on the cushion seat beside the window, catching the faint soundnof soft steps from behind. He'd grown so accustomed to the sound henno longer jumped with surprise. \"Inthought you left already.\" He said, looking out the window, thoughncatching the reflection of red and black standing behind him. Shensaid nothing, fiddling with her fingers as she watched him throughnthe reflection. \"Inprobably shouldn't have told you off like that. My nerves are onnedge and I thought I needed a scapegoat – someone or something tonblame for all this other than myself. Of course listing off yournproblems didn't make mine look any better. I never felt so low asnwhen you left.\" Lin'snface tilted in the reflection, her dark eyes blinking at him innsilence. Hisnvoice was cracked, either by an uncertainty or a despair, \"Now thatnthe seal is gone, I suppose there isn't any reason for us to keepnfighting. Or for you to remain here anymore.\" Lin'snsteps were near silent as she stepped close and lowered to sit behindnhim. His ear turned ever so slightly, anticipating she would speak.nBut Lin said nothing. A hand settled to his shoulder, her hope ofnsilently comforting them both. \"Anlittle late for a truce, isn't it?\" Spoken dryly as he peered outnthe window once more. Shenslid her hand up until she slowly hooked her arm around his neck,nlinking her fingers together over his chest as she pressed her cheeknto his back, leaning her head against him. He didn't move, butninstead stiffened uncomfortably. Finallynshe spoke, \"I did not think it through. I'm sorry.\" Rathbone'sndark head tilted ever so slightly with curiosity. After a moment, hensternly replied, \"You promise me one thing. That you will neverninterfere again…\" Inna small voice, she replied, \"I promise.\" Sniffing once, shenstraightened up and pulled herself higher to rest her chin on hisnshoulder. They looked awkwardly to one another. \"I want to stay.\" Hensnorted, \"You know you can't. If my household staff discovers I'mnhiding an insane Chinese woman in here who's already attacked mentwice gets out…\" ButnLin turned down her mouth, looking dramatically unhappy. Her eyesnsuddenly lit up with an idea. She kissed his cheek once, returningnher chin to his shoulder. As his cheek grew red, so grew her smile. Hisnstern face finally broke into a crooked smile as he grasped hernlinked hands over his chest. \"…All right, maybe for a while.\"nHe pried them apart and stood from the bench, turning to her. \"Don'tnget too comfortable.\" \"Thanknyou.\" Inhalingnwith some new hope, Rathbone raked a hand through his hair, \"Inthink since we're on the same page now, we should clear the air asnbest we can. I'll start first.\" A deep breath was taken before hencringed somewhat, hesitant on the words… \"I'm apologize fornshooting at your brother and Mr. O'bannon. Things happened sonquickly.\" The apology sounded ridiculous, and his face reddened atnit. It was truly embarrassing. Linnlooked up, offering a thin, but encouraging smile. Standing up, shenmoved to stand before him. \"I'm sorry I ruined your painting. Itnalso happened so fast.\" Rathbonenleaned backwards, looking to her with some strange tone. \"Why is itnwhenever I try to put some respectable amount of personal spacenbetween us, you have to violate it?\" Herncheeks went pink as she fiddled once more with her fingertips. \"Insuppose I … like being around you.\" \"Lin,\"nHe cleared his throat, resisting the urge to take her hands ornshoulders, even for honesty's sake… \"If we're going to benjust friends you need to learn to stop leaning on me, hanging on me,nfalling asleep on me, walking into my bedchamber, and stealing mynmaid's undergarments. It hints to me that you want something else,neven though I'm very certain you're not interested. You make itnvery difficult for me to remain a gentlemanly friend otherwise…exceptnof course the prior battles.\" He smiled, having attempted a joke. Linnquietly chortled, her face tilting at him with curiosity before shenstepped closer again, fingers tugging nervously at the buttons of hisnvest. \"I promise to only stop stealing their undergarments.\" Hernchin tilted upward as she raised her lips close to his. Hernlips brushed lightly over his own, teasing lightly at him until hengave into returning her feathery soft kiss. Whether the world trulynfaded or whether they both fell into a delicate euphoria and closedntheir eyes would never be known. Nothing else mattered outside of thenspace between them, and even that was to be terminated when shenyanked him against her. It woke him up from the daze and with a smallnpause he reared back to lock his gaze with her. He read no regret innher foreign eyes. The thought of anyone catching him in his own studynwith her suddenly drew incentive for him to move in again. Inntime their kisses grew hot. Whilenhe clumsily unclasped her vest, letting it slip down her arms to poolnonto the floor, Lin took a firm grip of his coat's lapels and begannpeeling it off his shoulders all the while their lips remainednlocked. Hisncoat was halfway down his arms when Lin froze and pulled back. \"Wait!nI forgot to tell you…\" Rathbonenblinked, blankly looking to her with anticipation. \"Insaw Roy steal one of your books.\" \"Hencan keep it,\" He said, brushing the matter aside as he closed in onnher neck, his arms bound behind his back as he struggled to wigglenthem free from the sleeves. \"Butnit's your book!\" She said with surprise, reaching around to helpnpull the coat free. It fell silently as she began tugging at his tie. Hisnvoice hummed against the bare skin below her ear, \"I've memorizednit.\" \"… Oh …\"nShe sighed[Chapter 24] XXIII Hopen…And a Little Trust \"Luncheon,nsir,\" Came the maid's voice through the door. It had been thenfirst of their interruptions. The entire day became a montage ofnmoments cut short. From guests making their leave and wishing theirnhost farewell to matters of the castle clean up needing tending to.nBy the time night fell and the castle was seemingly asleep, Rathbonencrept through the corridors to his study, where the locked off roomnwas hopefully still occupied by Lin. He had learned something direlynimportant and did not wish to waste time. \"Lin,\"nHe whispered into the dark room. He heard no sound in reply… onlynthe faint howl of the wind through the casement. Lighting the lampnupon the table, he peered over the room's contents, noting nothingnout of place… only his note remaining on the tabletop had beennturned over. Crossingnthe room, he lifted it from its place. It bore one word in Chinese. 'Library' . Crumpling his note, and what he assumed to benLin's writing, he placed it into a tray and set it alight. When itnwas nothing more than ambers, he extinguished the light and left thenroom to pursue the library. The halls were dark and silent as henwalked alone. He stepped past the artillery room he had used so manyntimes for fencing practice. Crossed swords marked it over thendoorway, and just beyond that lay the short hall of full-bodiednarmor, guarding the way to the library. His pace slowed as he steppednby the artillery room. The door was ajar. A dim light flickerednwithin. Curious, Rathbone stopped beside the doorway and listened. Henheard nothing distinguishing aside from the rustling of the branchesnoutside the windows. Pressing the door with a hand, he quietly pushednit open. The lights were lowered to a brown glow, giving thencheckered floor a dizzying effect. Henpushed the door open further and stepped fully inside. Seeing no one,nhe moved to a nearby dial upon the wall and turned it, extinguishingnall the lights. The door latched. Spinning around, he found Linnstepping lightly toward him. \"Linn– God, I half expected to smell cigars any moment…\" Linndidn't smile. Through the faint light of the moonlit windows, shenlooked at him questionably. Henblinked. \"What?\" \"Thenseal isn't destroyed.\" Rathbonenhalf smiled, \"Yes, I know. That is, I've just learned there was anboy who was spied crossing the fields carrying a rather impressivenpiece of 'jewelry'.\" Herneyes lowered as she distantly nodded. Hencanted his head. \"Lin, what…\" He began to question when he toonremembered. There would be no more time for play. The seal quitenliterally pulled the strings of so many lives at stake. Somethingnstrummed in his chest as he looked to her. \"You have to leave.\" Shennodded, looking to her hands. \"I'mnleaving for London in the morning.\" He said quietly. \"Inam leaving tonight.\" She said quietly. Standingnstill for long moments, Rathbone decided a lie, in this case, wasnbetter incentive than the truth. \"When this is over then, perhapsnwe may journey to the Forbidden City together and return it. Afternthe dust settles, perhaps we will have time.\" It was a lie. Afternthis he would never be permitted to travel to China, or likelynwelcomed in the Forbidden City… if he lived through it at all. Henbrushed aside her fallen strands that seemed to block her eyes fromnhis view. Linnmet his gaze. Somehow he conjured a faint smile to her, bringing outnthe hopeful grin from her he came to admire. She took the wrist ofnthe hand at her cheek. Smiling, she leaned into his hand, looking tonhim, \"There is no time in battle.\" Henshook his head, \"No. I suppose we should have thought of itnearlier. Love must wait when lives are at stake.\" Pressingnher lips together, still in a smile, she nodded affirmatively. Henkissed her forehead and she kissed his chin. Their lips met in thenmiddle for a soft farewell. \"You'llnfind me when it's over, won't you?\" He asked. Nodding,nLin hiccupped and nodded again. \"Yes.\" Withna last kiss, Lin stepped toward the window, her fingers slipping fromnhis. Rathbone urged his feet to stay planted upon the checkeredntiles, knowing if he moved even one inch he would sweep Lin back fromnthe windows and beg her to stay anyway… Thentall window squeaked as she pushed it open. The wind wisped through,nfluttering her hair as she jumped to crouch in the window frame. Anlast glance over her shoulder, she smiled to him and then droppednfrom sight. Hendarted after her, pressing against the frame of the window as hensearched the darkness below. \"Lin!\" He whispered urgently. Hernface popped up from below, \"What?\" She asked with surprise,nblinking up to him. He'dnjumped again, leaning over the window to speak closer to her. \"Linnthis is important, and I need you to listen carefully… I don'tnwant you interfering directly, but I can't help what your brothernand Mr. O'bannon do… Wu Chow intends on assassinating nine of mynfamily members on the Queen's Jubilee on the 20th thisnmonth. He's on a set of three barges on the Thames and is wellnequipped with a gatlin gun. He's going to shoot them all down innone efficient sweep unless someone stops him. Boxers surround him andnthe warehouse at all times.\" Linnstared at him, dumbfounded. \"…You're family?\" \"I'mntenth in line from the throne, Lin. It was our agreement. I got himnthe seal and he would get me the throne. The only reason those Boxersnare helping is because Wu Chow needed reinforcement to gain the sealnand he found they are easily swayed with the promise of permanentlynkeeping out foreigners from China. Britain is their biggest fear andnmost common visitor. We're their threat. Wu Chow already told themnthat when I'm king, I would put an end to it and sever ties withnChina, allowing them to be left alone.\" Lin'sneyes darted with scattered thoughts. \"You agreed to this?\" \"Partly.nThe man is quite convincing… I thought it was hypothetical until henintroduced me to the Boxers and then revealed the rest of the plan tonthem, as well as myself. Lin, I had no intention of following throughnwith something so horrific. I've no immediate family left. Whynwould I erase those I have left? Who could possibly get away withnsuch a scheme? Why would I want to be king in the first place? It'sneven more lonely on the throne.\" Being the Queen's favoritencousin, he had learned a thing or two from the woman. She was lonely,nand it was one of the few things he had not envied. Anhand reached down to brush her hair from her face one last time, \"Inmight not have minded the idea of loneliness before I met you.\" Linnfrowned, her hand rising to grasp his own and squeezing it. \"Then Inwill hurry.\" Kissing his hand, she dropped again into the darkness. She'dnvanished again, just as easily as she had arrived…and suddenly henwas empty, …so very empty.[Chapter 25] XXIV Hitchin'na Ride Thenstolen wagon rocked over the country road. Shaded beneath a huntingncoat and a farmer's wide brimmed hat, Lin paced the mule with thenreins. Her mind raced with everything that passed in the last fewndays. She smiled, she blushed, she laughed at the memories and thenhopes of what would be when everything was over. Breeching a hill,nshe overlooked the road ahead, spotting two familiar figures ahead.nThe two walked like their legs were ready to fall off. She smirked,nlowering her head so the hat hid her features until she was nearlynupon them. Withntheir thumbs out, they silently pleaded for a ride. She yanked thenreins back and turned her head upward, peering out from beneath thenbrim of the hat. Wang'sneyes went wide. He blinked twice. \"Lin?\" \"Allnright!\" Roy said and enthusiastically jumped toward the wagon. Linnbeamed, unable to control her grinning since she left the castlengrounds of Rathbone Hall. Wangnrested in the back bed of the wagon while Roy sat on the bench besidenLin. Her mood so light, she took to conversation with Roy easily,ngiggling at his compliments and sharing embarrassing stories aboutnWang. Roy seemed to overstep his bounds when he commented on Lin'snattractive looks and Wang squeezed painfully between the two on thenseat, claiming the back was making him dizzy. Linnscowled at her brother, not liking how easy he was taking to keepingnher from Roy. She hadn't any intention on seeing Roy anymore than anfriend, and was reminded to keep even more space than necessarynbetween them after Wang's uncomfortable display. Shenslowly lost her happy disposition as she drove the wagon, hernthoughts wheeling about her brother's actions. He disapproved ofnher friendship with Roy, and any thoughts she had of telling Wangnabout her friendship with Rathbone had suddenly been thrown out thenwindow. Forntwo days they roamed the country until they finally came to London.nThanks to Lin's good sense of direction and Roy's knowledge ofnthe 'easiest streets' in London, they managed to find their wayninto the heart of the Dorset district. \"White-chapel.nThis looks like a nice enough neighborhood.\" Roy said lightly asnthe wagon rattled over uneven cobblestone streets. \"Make a right upnhere.\" He said to Lin, being the navigator on their quest for anhotel. With much relief, the three spotted a lively, tall building.nThrough the dark streets and darkly dressed crowds walking to and fronthere lit an array of windows. Red glasses lined the windowsills, litnwith tea lights inside. A hanging sign swung over the wide open door. Wangnread the sign with puzzlement. \"What is 'the Puss 'n' Boots?\" \"It'sna boarding house. Some of the sailors on the ship coming overnrecommended it.\" Leavingnthe wagon aside, the three stepped into the building. The entirencontents seemed decorated in accenting colors of smoky, dusty redsnand maroons. A tall piano twinkled a lively tune through the hallsnand through the smoky air. Lin tugged the brown hunting coat tighternabout herself as she followed closely to Wang and Roy. Roynand Lin strolled to the counter, while Wang momentarily wandered offnto scope out the lower rooms. The crowds were so thick of drunkennsailors and cackling prostitutes that he did not go far before henturned and marched back to them, moving to stand between them oncenmore. Linncaught sight of a man and woman locking lips and suddenly could notnhelp but smile with knowing. Her eyes rolled skyward, lost in thenbubbles of thoughts and memories as she distantly listened to hernbrother. \"Inwon't let my sister stay here.\" He sternly said. Snappednout of her daydream, she looked to the two argue on. Roynturned to his friend, \"Well, what are we supposed to do? Find anhotel on the other side of London? We'll be arrested before we evenncheck in.\" Wangnnever let her decide anything for herself, and quite frankly she wasntired of the way he kept trying to protect her from someone asnharmless as Roy. \"I don't mind this place.\" She snapped andnsnatched the keys from his hand before she stormed up the stairs. \"See?nShe's a little open minded…\" Roy said, musing as he watched hernleave. \"I know it sounds crazy because I just met her but…\" Henturned and whispered his secret, \"I think I'm falling for her. Inthink she's the one-\" \"-Roy.nShe's my baby sister.\" \"Inknow! Thank God! It's the only chance I've got – Look, I'venbeen getting ready to launch a little something called 'OperationnSweep Her Off Her Feet'. You're in a position to 'talk me up'.nCan I count on you? Buddy, I never asked you for anything…\" SuddenlynWang smiled, \"Sure Roy. I will tell her the truth.\" Royngrinned, holding complete faith in his long time friend. \"Don'tnget all caught up on the truth – feel free to smooth out your ol'npartner edges.\" Wang nodded, walking toward the stairway. Roynpatted him on the back with thanks before calling out one last bit tonhim. \"Love you buddy.\"[Chapter 26] XXV OldnGrudges and Lies Linnunlocked the door to the room and stepped inside. The room was onlynslightly less smoky than the rest of the downstairs parlor, and onlynslightly less noisy. The walls were quite thin. She listened to thenplayful twinkle of the piano downstairs and the murmurs of the peoplenas she turned to close the door. She paused, her hand on thenhandle…She wanted to lock everyone out. But Wang would probablynwant a moment to speak to her alone. She needed to tell himneverything… Sighing,nshe left the door ajar and removed her coat, draping it over the sidenof a chair. She sat on the side of the bed, her back to the door.nWang did not even approve of Roy…he would much less approve ofnRathbone. But Lin was not as innocent as Wang remembered her to benonce upon a time. Shensighed, feeling her troubles were nowhere near over yet. Thendoor squeaked. Lin tilted an ear back, listening for Wang'snfamiliar voice. \"It'snme.\" He said lightly and stepped inside, closing the door behindnhimself. She turned to face him, saying nothing. He waved her up,n\"Come.\" Sighing,nshe prepared herself for whatever would come. Wangnpulled two footstools from the dressing corner and slid them besidenthe conjoining door. \"Sit.\" Linkingnher fingers behind her back nervously, she strolled toward him andnseated herself. \"Lin,\"nHe started, leaning a hand to his knee as he tried a tone of voicenmuch like his father during a lecture. \"Our father would talk aboutnthe right man for you.\" Contrarynto her cool exterior, her insides were twisting. \"Henmust be strong…\" Shenthought of the first time Rathbone wrestled her to the dust-coverednfloor. How she kept a straight face was a miracle. \"…Courageous…\" Henwas quite cunning, smartly brave when he had to be… \"…Andna good father.\" Shencould not picture it. But the thought was shoved from her mind. Thatnwas not the issue…Wang was referring to someone else. Someone shencould have easily guessed. And then did. \"Like Roy.\" \"No,nnot like Roy.\" He protested. She had almost corrected him on hernmeaning, but he continued, \"You don't know him like I do. He hasnmany bad habits.\" Linnlifted a brow. Didn't everyone have bad habits? She could remembernWang goofing around with the other boys when they were young, playingnin their underwear in the streams and haystacks… \"Such as…?\" \"Hendrinks, smokes… and gambles.\" Shenblinked, recalling her time at the country estate. She could notnremember Rathbone doing any of those things… but he certainly hadnhis bad habits as well. Like getting wrapped up in big ideas withndangerous people. Wangnspoke again, drawing her out of her thoughts once more. \"He sleepsnwith women for money.\" Itnirked her to hear Wang speak of his best friend in such a manner whennRoy was not there to defend his own reputation. It was best to givenhim the benefit of the doubt. After all, she had been mostly wrongnabout one man already…\"Roy won't do that. I can see inside him.nHe has a good heart.\" Desperate,nWang turned to a new tactic, \"His salmon don't swim up stream.\" Linnwas clueless, \"Huh?\" \"Henshoots blanks!\" Blinking,nLin wondered how he could possibly convict his friend of not shootingnbullets. Surely the man wasn't that much a coward! \"Lin,nhe cannot be trusted.\" \"Howncan you say that? He's your friend…\" ButnWang shrugged sheepishly, \"Eh, yeah… sort of. Roy's the kind ofnfriend you don't introduce to your other friends or bring home tonyour family. He never speaks the truth – You know what I call him?nNot Roy O'bannon. Roy O'balogne!\" \"Indon't care.\" \"Lin.\"nHe said deeply, \"I forbid it.\" Itnwas the last straw. She stood up, glaring down to him, \"You are notnmy father.\" She swept past him, storming out of the room and intonthe hall. Roy did have a good heart, and if Wang could not see thatnover the years he had spent with him, how on earth could she evernconsider the idea of her brother warming to the idea of Him? Anpair of Boxer rebels remained crouched beneath the red lights of thenboarding house windows, keeping an eye on the trio of troublemakers,nwhile Rathbone stepped down further into the alley. Wu Chow waved himnaround the corner where they could speak more privately and away fromnthe windows. Cigarnsmoke clouded out as he turned to his accomplice. \"You are goingnout of your way coming all the way here aren't you?\" Rathbonenlooked steadily to him, \"I could say the same thing about you.\" \"Inlike to see my men are doing their jobs.\" \"AndnI like reassurance.\" WunChow lowered the cigar as he overlooked the Englishman with anscrutinizing glance over. \"Are you sure it has nothing to do with anwoman?\" Henforesaw the question, and resisted the flinch of uncertainty. Insteadnhe smirked with good humor and nodded, \"She could be useful.\" WunChow remained silent with a skeptical gleam in his eye. Afternanother, long puff of his cigar, he spoke again. \"I want all threenof them in the warehouse by midnight.\" \"Theynwill be.\" \"They'dnbetter be.\" Wu Chow warned. Pinning the cigar in his wide mouth, hengrinned and turned to stroll on his way, tipping his derby hat to anpassing lady at the street before he continued on his way. Rathbonenstood still a moment. Keeping a lie was easy. It was keeping twoncontradicting lies that was difficult… Swallowing, he gathered hisnwits and collected himself before he turned to rejoin the Boxers atnthe window. Suddenly a door opened he did not realize was there. Anfigure rushed out, bumping straight into him. Hencaught Lin by the arms and blinked with surprise. \"Lin!\" Henwhispered with surprise. Shenlooked to him, also taken aback. Wiping tears from her face, shensmiled weakly to him. \"I did not think you would come.\" Hencould not return the smile, however… and seeing the seriousness onnhis face brought her own to die. \"Lin, I'm not alone.\" HEnwhispered, and ushered her to the corner. Carefully they peerednaround the corner. Lin gasped and jumped out of sight of the Boxernrebels. \"I didn't know how to warn you, and I don't know what Incan do yet.\" \"I…understand.\"nHer dark eyes darted nervously around as she grasped his arms innturn. \"Wenjust want to know where the boy is. Lin, where is he?\" Wideneyed, she blinked at him, \"I don't know. I've never seen him.\" \"Damn.\"nRathbone let his hands fall from her shoulders as he looked upward tonthe building that towered over them. \"Lin… you should knownsomething else.\" \"What?\"nShe looked curious, frightful at him. Henlooked to her. \"Wu Chow knows.\" Linnseemed to freeze. \"Lin,ntime's running short. I think the sooner your brother knows thenbetter.\" Butnshe shook her head immediately, \"He said many things… he will notnlisten and he won't try to understand.\" A hand slowly rose toncover her gaping mouth. The hand quickly lowered, \"How many arenthere here?\" \"Twonat the moment. More are arriving. Perhaps if you all snuck out…\"nBut he cut his words off and shook his head, \"No, Lin, you mustntell your brother. If he is as impetuous as you, I'm not going tonbe responsible for what I do if he attacks me.\" Linncertainly understood that. She nodded, \"We'll leave tonightnthen.\" \"Good,\"nHe sighed with some relief and took her shoulders, \"I'll try tondistract them as long as I can.\" Linnnodded again, resting her hands to his chest as they leaned forwardnfor a kiss. But a sudden uproar of screams and shouting overhead drewntheir attention. Both their brows furrowed. \"What is gong on?\"nShe asked out loud. \"That'snO'bannon's room…\" \"Inmust go.\" She turned and dashed for the door, only to be snatchednby the wrist and whirled around. Trapping her with an arm around hernwaist he stole a kiss before she pried him off with a grin. \"Later!\"nShe turned and yanked the door open, disappearing into the smokyninterior. Linnjogged up the steps, pausing when she received curious staring.nSheepishly smiling, she slowed her steps and continued up the stairs.nWang and Roy… she knew her brother would be reliable in a crisis.nRoy's room was filled with women giggling, squealing and much anruckus. Lin paused halfway to her own door to see if Wang was stillninside when she caught the familiar chuckle…Wang's chucklensomewhere inside Roy's room with all the hubbub. Anbrow popped up as she stepped toward the door. \"Roy?\" She callednthrough the door, knocking lightly. Unheard over all the noisenwithin, she took the handle and stepped inside. She blinked at thensight of downy feathers floating about, and then froze with shock.nAmong a sea of half naked English women and a boat load of feathersnstood her brother and Roy. Wangngrinned childishly, ready to hit the woman beside him with a raised,nhalf drained pillow when he spotted Lin staring at the pair of them.nHe gasped, \"LIN!\" Bothnthe men turned, their pillows pressed down to cover their parts. Thenroom went silent. The women continued to snicker where they stood.nRoy rose a finger to point to Chon, \"It was his idea.\" ButnWang shook his head and pointed to Roy. They were in a crisis… andnthe two of them were playing with bawdy women. Lin stepped back intonthe hall, unable to look at them anymore… Before she knew it, shendarted down the steps once more. \"Chon!\"nRoy yelled at him, stepping after her. \"Clothes!\"nWang called back, stopping Roy from following her as they searchednfor their clothes beneath the piles of feathers.[Chapter 27] XXVI ThenWarehouse Linnsprinted from the building, her heart pounding as she felt enragednwith disappointment over their actions. If all her brother wanted tondo was play, she would do the work herself and find the boy to getnthe seal back for Rathbone…and she hoped that would keep Wu Chownoff their backs long enough for a plan to be conjured. Shenran down many streets, cutting through the fog until she came to ansmall, stony bridge over a canal. The yellow lamps flickered, and itnwas only then when she slowed her steps to catch her breath that shenrealized she did not know where she was, or where she was going. Hernsteps carried her up the arch of the bridge, the sound of clickingnsteps upon the ground. She paused at the peak of the bridge, turningnin hopes of finding Rathbone, and fearful that perhaps it wasnanything else. Nonone there, she whirled around to continue on her way, but a tall,nblack figure stood before her. She gasped, jumping back in step asnshe recognized the man before her: yellow teeth and a grimy graynbeard. He grinned wickedly beneath the brim of his top hat. \"Nicennight for a walk.\" He growled and unsheathed a hidden blade fromnhis walking stick. Lin reacted, fed up with everything. Twice shenswung her foot and both times she nailed him. He flipped over thenside of the bridge, yelling all the way down until he splashed with anheavy plop. Linnpressed herself to the edge to see him drifting with the current. \"%?!*#-ING LOSER!\" She shouted in Chinese to him. Hernraised voice gave away her position. \"Lin!\" \"Lin!nThere you are,\" Roy jogged up the bridge with Wang, before quitencausally adding, \"Don't you know there's a serial killer on thenloose?\" Linnfrowned between them. Didn't they take anything seriously? Feelingnher efforts with them were futile, she waved them off and marchednpast them. \"Forget it!\" Slippers scraped the ground as shenhalted. Two boxers blocked her path. Thensounds of steps from behind brought the three to turn. Three morenboxers blocked the other side of the bridge, trapping them on thenarch. \"Whonthe hell are these guys?\" Roy asked. \"Boxers.\"nWang informed him. \"Well,nwhat do they want with us?\" Anothernvoice broke out, \"They're with me.\" Lin paused, knowing thenvoice all too well. She turned to find Rathbone standing between thentwo boxers, with the gaslight to their backs and his derringer innhand. \"I think we need to have a little chat.\" Linnreadied herself for a fight when Rathbone shot her a threateningnlook. She halted just in time to hear the scrapings of more stepsnapproaching. More Boxers. The boxers behind walked up behind them andnbegan binding their wrists. Gagging all three, they were rudelynshoved into a fish cart, stuffed and locked inside. Itnwas a bumpy, stinky ride all the way to the warehouse docks, wherenthey were dragged inside. The men were shoved to their knees, thenentrance of the warehouse to their backs. Lin's feet were bound tontwo rings upon the ground intended for securing cargo, while hernbound wrists were looped over a hoist's cargo hook. Thenmen's gags were pulled from their mouths as Rathbone moved towardnLin. She looked to him pleadingly, her eyes trembling with the fearnof what was to come. Rathbone averted his eyes and strolled back tonthe men, turning his back to her. Vastly outnumbered and unable tonuntie any of them in time, he remained silent. Itndid not take long before Wu Chow arrived, walking briskly through thenwarehouse, passing the crates of fireworks and ammunition, thensheeted artillery… Mocking surprise, he moved to stand before thenkneeling, bound men. \"Chon Wang… The man who defied an Emperor.\" Wangnglared steadily, \"The Emperor never should have spared your life.\" \"Stillnmy brother's lap dog.\" \"Inam not here for the Emperor. I am here for my father.\" \"Ofncourse you are…\" He grinned, shooting Rathbone a knowing gleamnbefore a familiar, waved bladed dagger was pulled from his vest andnheld before Wang's eyes. \"It was my dagger that pierced hisnheart. The blade is still crusted with his blood.\" Wangnsnapped, pushing himself from the ground in an effort to tackle thenlaughing Chinaman in English garb. But Wu Chow only laughed more whennWang was suppressed by the nearby boxers and re-sheathed the dagger,ntucking it into his vest pocket for safekeeping. Rathbonenshot Wu Chow a disgusted look behind his back. The sooner this wasnover, the better. Hands clasped behind his back in a patient manner,nhe turned to the prisoners. \"I know the boy has the seal. Where isnhe?\" \"Wendon't know. That's the truth, we don't know.\" Roy said in allnsincerity. Rathbonenturned to the boxers behind him, who gripped the wheel of the hoist.nWith a nod, he gave them the go-ahead. Lin squirmed, and they turnednthe wheel. Her feet lifted from the ground, her limbs straightened asnthey pulled tightly. She winced and whined behind the gag, her eyesnpinching shut. \"No,nwait! Stop! Put her down, put her down or I'll-\" Rathbonenquickly waved them to lower the hook as he looked to Roy, who was soneager to come to Lin's defense, where her brother remained silent.nRoy, the hero of a hundred God-awful American folk tales was becomingndefensive over his Lin. \"Or what Mr. O'bannon? Are youngoing to 'kick my ass' ?\" He mocked the man's Americannaccent. He snorted, \"I've read all about your ridiculousnexploits. I mean, just how does it feel to strangle a mummy with yournbare hands? Only a nation of uneducated rednecks would be amused bynsuch cowboy drivel.\" Not that he hadn't enjoyed them…in fact henhad laughed for a good five minutes the first time he read 'RoynO'bannon Vs the Mummy' . \"Whoa,nwhoa, what's with the personal attacks?\" Wangnwondered the same thing. \"Youndon't see me commenting on your pasty complexion or your snottynaccent. Or even your filthy, dirty, smutty sex books.\" Rathbone'snamused smile turned downward. It was the most inappropriate,nunimportant subject and Roy had just brought it to light. Roynnarrowed his eyes dramatically, \"Yeah, I saw your book. Itndisgusted me.\" That, Rathbone knew, was a lie. Wu Chow had hadnenough as well, and with the head of his silver cane he popped Roynupside the head. \"Owe! Look at us! We're acting like a bunch ofnanimals! Over what? Some seal?\" WunChow instantly replied, \"It has been a symbol of imperial powernsince Genghis Khan. I will use it to unite the Emperor's enemiesnand storm the Forbidden City.\" Rathbonenhad to hide his smirk. By informing them, he was empowering them…nRoy's attention turned to him then. His smirking caught Roy'snattention. \"Thennwhat's in it for you?\" \"You'renlooking at the future king of England.\" \"You'renlike… twentieth in line from the throne!\" Miffed,nhe corrected, \"Tenth.\" He looked between Roy and Wu Chow. \"Butnmy friend here is going to change all that by simple…process ofnelimination.\" Now he was simply having too much fun informing thesentwo, flaunting their villainous plot. Snapping his fingers, Rathbonenordered idle Boxers into action. They jumped to uncover the proppedngun upon the barge. If Lin would not explain it to them, he would donit himself. \"They call it a gatlin gun, although I'm sure yournAmerican friends remember this well from your civil war.\" Roynlooked to Wu Chow, \"So he steals some seal and you knock off ninenroyals? You certainly got the short end of that stick my friend.\"nWu Chow hit him again. Anmoment of silence passed as Wu Chow watched Rathbone in the corner ofnhis eye. Rathbonenwould break the silence again. \"Dump them in the river.\" Lin'sneyes rounded wide. She gasped and kicked as they unhooked her fromnthe hoist. The boxer threw her over his shoulder and began carryingnher outside. Rathbone turned to Wu Chow, offering an expression asnthough to silently say, 'unless you have a better idea?' Wu Chownmade no protest. Wangnturned to him, \"Where are you taking her?\" \"Tonmake history.\" He smirked, \"I can already see the headlines.n'Nation mourns as Looney Lin massacres royal family!'\" AtnWu Chow's command the boxers began pulling them to their feet,nmoving them toward the hoist where they bound their feet to the hook.nWith a glance to Rathbone, Wu Chow exited the warehouse to see Linnsecured safely into the carriage waiting outside. Wavingnoff the remaining boxers once the prisoner's feet were bound,nRathbone walked to stand over them. The rebels didn't move far awaynenough to not overhear, and Rathbone shot them a tedious look.nKneeling down, he narrowed his eyes upon the two, \"Howndisappointing. I thought you would have surely lied if only to sparenyour sister some pain.\" Wangnglared most dangerously as Rathbone stood and walked from thenwarehouse. The air was crisp and damp, breath smoking on the wind asnhe turned to Wu Chow. \"Inneed your assurance that you will find the seal.\" Quicknto answer, \"Don't concern yourself. My men are scouring thencity.\" WunChow tensed, \"You had better pray they find it, or our agreement isnoff and you will never get the crown!\" Wu Chow turnednhaughtily on his heels and stepped down the misty lane. Rathbonenstudied him a moment more. Wu Chow obviously had his hands full. WunChow seemed to still think he wanted the crown. Averting his eyes anmoment, he stepped toward the carriage. Taking the handle beside thendoor, he moved to pull himself inside when he paused. Lin sat inside,nbound and gagged. Her cheeks glistened with tears as she hiccuppednand gasped. He knew he could not leave yet… one last reassurance. Takingna deep breath, he stepped back to the pavement and patted his vest asnthough he had lost something. \"Damn.\" He looked to the boxer whonsat waiting upon the driver's perch. \"Wait for me in the stalls.nI'll be there shortly.\" Without so much a nod, the boxer crackednthe whip and sent the carriage into action. It clopped down the lanenand out of sight. Returningnto the warehouse, he slipped inside and closed the door behindnhimself. Lord Rathbone needed Chon Wang and Roy O'bannon to make itnout alive… Thenmoment the door latched there came a deafening, repetitious popping.nRathbone hit the floor, hands clasped to his ears to block out thensound before he realized they were indeed bullets flying. \"Botchnit!\" He said to himself and slipped back outside. To hell withnO'bannon! He never liked the man anyway. His ears pounded as he satnagainst a nearby crate, rubbing at his lobes. Allnfell silent. He grunted, wondering what sort of lie he could conjurento tell Lin about what happened to her brother. Damn. What a pickle.nThose two could have been useful. It was a pity they had to be shotnto he-… Hisnears perked to the sound of sloshing water. Two, wet hands slapped tonthe surface of the docks. Rathbone shifted to hide himself behind thencrate. Wang and Roy pulled themselves from the Thames, having escapednnear death. Quitenimpressed, Rathbone nodded silently in respect, all the whilenwatching from the shadows. \"Incan't believe you.\" Wang said to Roy. \"What?nI was tied up – I couldn't do anything. Besides, you're the onenwho said I didn't need to do anything.\" \"Inmean Lin!\" \"What?\"nThey started walking, passing the crate along the way, \"You saidnthat if I break her heart you break my legs. That's fair, isn'tnit? Besides we know she likes me. It's you that's being a stinkernabout the whole thing…\" Rathbonenstared at them as they wandered away and out of sight, their voicesntrailing off into the night. Aghast, he thought back to Lin andnrealized he had never heard any clarification on her feelings towardnhim. It suddenly seemed quite possible she was using Rathbone as anneasy means of getting the Seal and Wu Chow, the two things she wasnmost obsessive over from the start… Confused,nhe made his way to the street where Lin lay hidden in the carriage innthe dockside stalls.[Chapter 28] XXVII Charlie,nthe Kid Roynfancied Lin. It made Rathbone's insides twist. He snarled at thenvery idea while his head was swimming in other possibilities. Henwanted the truth, to be cleared from his confusion, to know where henstood. Aside from that, he needed to assure Lin her brother and then…annoying, fictional hero had escaped mostly unharmed. Hernmarched into the stalls, slowing when he noted the absence of anyoneninside. The carriage sat there still in the darkness, waiting… butnunclasped from the horse. With long strides, he stepped to it andnyanked the door open. There lay an empty seat before him. His heartnsank. Where was Lin…? \"She'snunder my custody.\" Wu Chow told him. Rathbonenslowly turned, unable to hide his snarl, \"I see our trust had nevernexisted.\" WunChow's head tilted ever so slightly, \"You're getting cold feet.nI thought you would have been ecstatic with anticipation by now. ThenJubilee being so near, I really had hoped you would have stayednfocused.\" Rathbonenleft the carriage door hanging open as he squared his shoulders tonthe conniving Wu Chow, \"She's not to be harmed.\" \"No?\" \"Notnunless you value your life.\" WunChow blinked at him, \"I am surprised you're so taken with her.\"nSlowly a wide grin slithered to his face. \"Very well. On onencondition.\" \"What?\" \"Youngo through with the plan.\" Rathbonensnapped, \"And what makes you think I wont?\" \"Inhave my doubts.\" Studyingnthe man, Rathbone's eyes narrowed dangerously, \"And if I didnchange my mind?\" \"Wenboth know if you confess anything you will be tried with high treasonnand hanged.\" \"Humornme.\" WunChow considered him a moment, before nodding, \"If you change yournmind, I continue with what I promised. You can stand proudly withnyour royal family and die with honor as the tenth from the throne…nor you can stand aside and live to see a better England.\" Personally,nRathbone could not imagine a better England. But…his choices trulynwere limited. Victoria would never cancel the event. The fireworksnwould still go on, whether he was present or not… Rathbone nodded,n\"I stand aside. You'll leave Lin alone?\" \"Younhave my word.\" Rathbonendoubted it. Sarcastically smiling, he nodded once to Wu Chow andnstormed to the doorway, stopped and turned for one last address, \"IfnI am going to stand aside, I will need reassurance beforehand thatnLin is alive.\" \"Wouldnyou care to see her now?\" ButnRathbone shook his head. \"The Jubilee. I wouldn't want younslitting her throat beforehand without me giving her a propernsend-off.\" He walked off into the night, leaving Wu Chow behind. Threendays passed since Rathbone last saw Lin. His appetite was dwindling,ndespite his efforts to avoid any questions from his housekeeper.nReceiving few callers, he kept their visits short and sweet, wantingnthe time alone. Nights were sleepless and he often paced for hoursnhoping for Lieu to arrive with good news. Two days left. Thenclock struck twelve, and Rathbone sighed heavily. Another nightnwithout sleep, he was going to be useless tomorrow…Raising thenlamplight, he moved the seat of his desk, pausing when a tapping camenby his window. Hencrossed the room and pulled open the drapes. Lieu, he never thoughtnhe would be so eager to hear the news from the man. The window wasnopened, but he did not make any motion to allow the man inside. \"Whatnnews?\" He whispered. \"ChonnWang has hi'ed inspe'tor Doyle.\" Thatnwas mildly surprising. \"'enfoun' the boy.\" \"Where?\" \"MadamnTussa's. Baker Street.\" Rathbonennodded. \"I trust you to get it then.\" Affirmatively,nthe man nodded and lowered from the tree, crawling down to hisncomrades below. Rathbone quickly closed the window, pulling thendrapes closed. Madam Tussaud's Wax Museum… he had been there oncento visit his own likeness just before he had left for his lastnmission to China. He knew exactly where it was. Dressing in darkncolors, he took up his evening cape and hat, his bladed walking sticknand loaded his derringer. If there was any chance to get one stepnahead of Wu Chow, it was now. Tying his cape on, he cupped a handnaround the top of the lamp's glass and blew out the flame. The roomndarkened, and he quietly made his way downstairs. Stepping out intonthe darkness, he turned up his collar and briskly made his way downnthe street… hansoms were difficult to find this time of night, butnif he hurried he could just make it by way of shortcut. Thoughnthe streets were dead silent, empty, he felt crowded, watched.nFinally a hansom rattled around the corner, coming to stop beside himnas he waved it down. \"Baker Street. Make it fast.\" Thendriver nodded, \"Yessar.\" Payingnthe man ahead of time, he climbed inside. Whip cracked and the cabnclopped down the lane quickly. Time ticked slowly, and he growlednunder his breath, expecting he would arrive too late. The sound ofnpolice whistles brought Rathbone to lean toward the window for anbetter view. The street ahead was bombarded with bobbies. \"Damn.\"nKnocking on the rooftop, \"Will this slow us down?\" Thendriver nodded, \"This 'ere is Baker.\" \"Mynsister lives beside Madam Tussauds. Is it far ahead?\" \"Sir,nthat is Madam Tussaud's. Righ' there.\" He nodded ahead. \"Thanknyou.\" He opened the door himself and stepped out onto the wetnstreet. Thenman turned the cab around and clopped down the street. Rathbone didnnot wish to be seen by the police. He dashed to the shade of thenalley, his cape flagging behind him as he made his way betweennbuildings. Coming to a dead end, he cursed under his breath,nsearching frantically for another way. A ladder fastened to the sidenof a building caught his eye. Sliding his walking stick into his beltnlike some sword, he tossed back his cape and began to climb. Pullingnhimself to the rooftop, he looked down. Three stories up wasn't asnbad as he thought it would be. Quickened steps shuffled against thenshingles, and he turned. A small figure jumped over the pique of annearby roof, sliding down the tilt to the landing. Rathbone steppednforward to hide behind a chimneystack. Pressing his back to it, henwaited and listened. The boy's floppy shoes stepped closer.nRathbone prepared himself. He sprang out behind the boy, grabbing himnfrom behind and clasping a hand over his mouth. The boy was liftednclear off his feet, kicking and growling. \"Benquiet! You don't want to draw the attention of the police.\" Thenboy slowly silenced, completely tense as he hung by Rathbone'snarms, \"Now, I'm going to move my hand. You're going to chatnwith me about that seal.\" Thenboy nodded. Slowlynhe lowered his hand and dropped the boy to his feet, keeping a tightngrip on his collar. \"What'snyour name?\" \"Charlie.\" \"Allnright Charlie. You know who I am?\" Thenboy nodded. \"Andnyou know what I want back?\" Hennodded again. \"Donyou have it?\" \"No…nthey took it.\" Charlie's round face wrinkled as he squirmed,n\"Come on, get of! I'm not runnin'…\" \"Whontook it?\" Thenboy frowned, \"How should I know 'at? The' was three stoogeynOriental blokes. They tried to kill us they did. Then those bobbiesncame and we scrambled loike rats.\" \"Roaches.\" \"Yeah,nwahtevah.\" \"…Insee.\" Lips pursed. Suddenly he realized those Boxers would benreturning to his home any moment to hand over the seal. \"How wouldnyou like to start earning something worth your skills?\" Charlienlooked skeptically up at him, sizing up the man before he replied,n\"Whotchya got?\" \"Anythingnyou want. If you can get those gentlemen out of trouble, I'll havena hansom waiting on Alsopp Street.\" \"Inwas already gonna do that…Whattyou care?\" Rathbonenfrowned, \"It's complicated and I haven't time to explain yet.\" Charliennodded, shoving back his dirty brown hair, curiosity getting the bestnof him. \"Yeah, all roit. See ya in a few.\" Rathbonenwatched the kid move to the edge of the roof and slide a board acrossnto the next. He practically ran across, disappearing into the dark. Timento search for that hansom again…[Chapter 29] XXVIII LittlenHelper Charlienambled up to the cab with caution, his thumbs tucked into the lapelsnof his green, tattered coat. Rathbone nudged to the edge, opening thendoor and waved him inside. \"Come on.\" Shrugging,nCharlie straightened his derby and climbed inside, seating himselfnbeside Rathbone on the single bench. The driver whistled, and theynwere on their way. Charlie stared at him a long moment. Finally,nRathbone looked to him. \"What?\" \"You'renno' what I was 'specting. In person.\" He said accusingly. \"Pleasenelaborate.\" \"Well…\"nHe pushed his derby upward with a thumb, \"I use to think tha' waxndouble 'ad its legs cutoff.\" Rathbonenfrowned. \"What?\" \"Yeh,njust a lot shorter than I though. Everyone's made sucha hooplanabout your name, I thought you'd be taller.\" \"Thatnmakes two of us.\" He replied bitterly. \"What's a boy like youndoing picking on a man for his size? Your mother should have taughtnyou something better than that.\" \"Yeh,nshe did.\" He said matter-of-factly. \"She says if I eveh met ancelebrity who didn' live up to my expectations its my roit toncritisize coz tha's why they're famous… they wan' attentionnany way they can gettit, and that I'd be doin' them a fava'\" \"Somenof us are born famous.\" \"An'nsome of us earn it. So whot? Whas you draggin' me 'ere fornanyway?\" \"It'sna long story Charlie, but I'm in desperate need of a help from anstranger and you're in a perfect position to assist me in a verynimportant mission.\" \"Loikenwhot?\" \"Savingnthe Queen.\" Charlienstared at him for a beat before he burst into laughter. \"Come offnit.\" Rathbonendid not laugh. Charlie's laughing subsided. His jaw dropped and hengasped. \"Aw! Serious? Can I meet 'er?\" Ansmall smile crept to his face, watching the boy's excitement. \"Ifnyou do your job well, I can arrange it.\" Charliensat up straight and saluted, \"Yessa'!\" \"First,nyou need to know a few rules about my house. No gossiping: inside ornout. The business about the seal is a classified topic. It nevernhappened, it doesn't exist.\" ThoughnCharlie did not fully understand, he nodded with all seriousness. \"Younare to be helpful in any way asked of you, as I'm appointing younhouseboy. No snooping, no stealing, lie only if you must to keep thenpeace, but do not talk if you can help it.\" Charlienswallowed, knowing that was a difficult task on its own. \"Ifnyou take your orders seriously, stay out of trouble, practice yourndiscretion then in three days time you may be rewarded. Anynquestions?\" Charlie'snhead tilted, \"Yeh… alls I got to do is be houseboy for threendays? Whots that to you?\" ButnRathbone shook his head. \"That's in the meantime. I'll have anvery important mission for you on the second day. The houseboy job isnonly to keep you around for the real job ahead.\" \"Olright.nWhere do I sleep?\" \"Thosenthings will be appointed to you by Mrs. Agatha Lindon, mynhousekeeper.\" \"S'allnroit.\" Charlie said, folding his arms and nodding… sounded goodnto him – so far! Thensecond day arrived and already Charlie was growing tired of the fillynpink apron. He swept the halls, dusted shelves and even watered thenplants… The second day was ending, and as he hung the apron on thenkitchen door, ready to be cleaned in the morning, he let out a longnstretch of his arms. The workhouse could kiss his lily white arse asnfar as he was concerned. A pink apron was nothing to complainnoutwardly about. Henstepped toward the door beneath the stairway. It was his room, ansmall but cozy nook to hide inside. His head hit the pillow and hensnored immediately. The stairs creaked softly overhead as the clocknchimed eleven. Charlie groaned and turned over, hugging the stripednpillow he was growing quite fond of. Angentle rapping at his door brought him to glare over his shoulder tonit. \"Whot…\" The door opened, and Rathbone peered inside.nCharlie suddenly sobered, recalling their deal. \"Is it time?\" \"Yes,ncome on.\" He whispered, urging him to hurry, \"Get dressed, wenhave a ways to go.\" Charliennodded and jumped from his small bed, fumbling with his clothes asnRathbone paced the hall. Tucking his hair beneath his bowler, henstepped out of the closet and looked up to his employer. Rathbonenturned and nodded for him to follow. They stepped through thenentrance hall and out the door. Closing the door behind Charlie,nRathbone followed him down the steps to the street. \"Sonwhot…?\" Charlie was silenced as Rathbone gestured for him to notnspeak. Quietlynthey traveled down the neighborhood, finding a waiting cab. Climbingninside, Rathbone would not speak again until the wheels were rolling.n\"All right Charlie, here's the deal. Do you remember that woman Inmentioned before?\" Hennodded. \"Yeh. You never mentioned a name though…\" \"Lin,nif you must know.\" \"Blimey!\"nCharlie snorted, \"Who's this Lin everyone keeps gabbin' onnabout?\" Rathbonenfrowned, \"Who's been talking about her?\" \"RoynO'bannon.\" He said with a braggart's grin, \"'e says she'sngonna be the savior to the 'house o'O'bannon'…whatevah thatnmeans.\" Rathbonensuppressed the urge to curse the man's name to kingdom come. \"I'mnmeeting her tonight. She's being held by the same men who attackednyou and your friends.\" Charliensat upright, \"Roit! A'we rescuin' 'er?\" \"…No.\" Thenboy's shoulders lowered. \"Why? Don't you lov'er?\" Rathbonenstared at him. Was it that obvious? \"Yes, very much. But there arenmany lives at stake here, Charlie. Things are not as simple as wenwould like them to be.\" Inna matter-of-fact tone, Charlie took on the attitude of a learned man.n\"Nah, neveh is when you go' mixed up relationships. I'd know. Inonce saw a' Irishman who loved a redskin. Neveh ends good. Theynalmos' killed each other o'er some booze.\" Pressingnhis lips thinly, he blinked at him. Very dryly he replied, \"…Thanknyou Charlie. I needed to hear that.\" Back to subject, \"Now, justnlisten. I'm going inside the warehouse to see her. I want you tonstay and wait. When I come back, I'll give you your mission.\" \"Yeh,nyeh.\" The carriage rolled to a stop. \"Go on an' snog awhile.nI'll wait.\" Thendoors opened, and Rathbone stepped out to the misty dockside. Henturned to the driver, ordering the man to wait. Then through thenwindow, he looked to Charlie, \"You might want to keep your headndown as a precaution.\" Rollingnhis eyes, Charlie scooted to the floor of the hansom.[Chapter 30] XXIX ThenEve Rathbonenpulled the heavy wooden door open. The creaked loudly on its hingesnand he stepped inside. His steps echoed off the walls of thenwarehouse. The crates had already been loaded with all the boxes,ncrates and sheeted 'instruments'. Nervousness welled inside as hentook note of the number of boxers readying the canvas to decorativelynconceal the barge in yellow and blue stripes. WunChow emerged from below deck of the Resolve, a small fishing ship henhad purchased for the very mission at hand. He impatiently wavednRathbone to the ship. Crossing the ramp, Rathbone boarded the ship. \"Younhave ten minutes.\" He snapped and marched to see tonconnecting the barges to the ship. Rathbonenquickly made his way below deck, finding Lin tied against a beam. Hernhead sunk low with her long black strands concealing her face fromnhis view. A lump in his throat, he stepped before her, lowering toncrouch in front of her. She did not move. \"Lin.\"nSpoken barely above a whisper. Lin'snlashes twitched. Slowly they fluttered open. She looked up, her hairnparting enough for her eyes to meet his. His fingers slid to tuck hernstrands behind her ears before moving farther back to untie the sashnfrom around her mouth. \"Lin.nIt's tomorrow.\" He said, letting the sash rest around hernshoulders. Shenstared at him, beginning to tremble. Hisneyes averted, lowering with his guilt and shame. His gaze fell uponnher ankles, and he remembered the hoist. \"Are you very injured?\" Linnopened her mouth to reply, but no sound came. She cleared her throatntwice and finally spoke, \"No.\" She watched him intently, her lipsntrembling before she could form the words, \"…Where is Wang?\" \"I…\"nHe almost told her the truth. Instead he answered quietly, a hopefulnlie. \"They're alive and they have Inspector Doyle with them.nHe'll come for you in time.\" His voice sounded promising. Linngave a shuttered exhale of relief; her head falling forward tonfinally let her tears fall. Despite her own helplessness, she smiled,neyes closed, if only for a moment. Rathbonenresisted the urge to simply untie her…they could not leave thendocks alive. \"Lin,\" Both hands gently cupped her face to have hernundivided attention. \"Do not wait for me, whatever happensntomorrow. Do you understand?\" Linnsearched his face with alarm. \"What are you saying?\" shenwhispered. \"I'mnsaying goodbye as best I can.\" Brushing her hair aside, he offerednher a lying smile, \"You're brother's already given you and Roynhis blessing. And if you can't convince your brother comes after menI'm not holding back.\" Shenbegan to angrily cry, struggling to loosen her bonds. \"You can't!\"nShe hissed. \"Stop,\"nHe grabbed her shoulders to steady her, \"You'll draw attention…nLin,\" He lowered his voice, barely above a whisper again. \"Cannyou really name anyone who does not wish to kill me after tomorrow?\" Linnstared at him, her eyes wide with hurt. \"I don't.\" Closingnhis eyes, he put his forehead to hers, \"I know.\" He swallowed,n\"Whatever happens, know that I'm getting exactly what I'venearned. There is no redemption.\" \"No…\"nShe said, pulling her face from his to look at him. Rathbone sat backnas well. \"You can- nnnt !\" The sash was pressed against hernmouth. He tied it behind her head, and sat back to look at her. Thenapologetic expression dissipated. A hardened, cold face looked to hernnow. \"Inam.\" He answered and stood. Looking down at Lin, who was suddenlyntrembling with confusion and fear, he smirked, \"The only thing Incan see that's certain is it will be a very memorable night.\" Lin'sneyes darted to the entrance of the cabin. Wu Chow stood there,nwatching coldly their exchange. Rathbonenturned to regard him, stepping toward the door before he called backnto Lin on the way out, \"It's a pity England could never accept anChinese Queen after an event like this.\" Shrugging lightly, henstepped past Wu Chow. Thensound of the driver acknowledging the approach of Rathbone broughtnCharlie to rise from the floor of the hansom. He stretched his backnwith a groan of discomfort as Rathbone crawled inside and seatednhimself beside the boy. Immediately the hansom jerked and rolled onnits way. Charlienyawned loudly, rubbing his eye before he flicked something at thenwindow. \"So, wha's my mission?\" He looked to Rathbone, butnreceived no immediate answer. Charlie frowned, watching Rathbone looknout the window with his eyes averted to the ground. \"'Anyonen'ome?\" Henfinally stirred, a small sniff at the back of his hand before henturned to Charlie. His eyes were bloodshot, but he offered a thinnsmile. \"You're to hide until the day after tomorrow.\" \"T'morrow'snthe Jubilee, ain't it?\" Rathbonennodded, reaching into his inner frock coat pocket. \"Yes,\" Hnsniffled again. Charlienblinked at him. \"Somethin's gonna 'appen, ain't it?\" Rathbonenpulled a long envelope from his pocket and looked to Charlie. He saidnnothing. ButnCharlie stared with bewilderment. \"You're cryin'.\" \"Shutnup and listen,\" He snapped, handing him the envelope. \"Don'tnbreak the seal on that envelope. Whatever happens tomorrow, I wantnyou to deliver that to either Inspector Doyle, Lord Gilroy on FremontnStreet or, if possible, the Queen herself.\" Charlienslowly took the envelope, overlooking the outside. It was blank,naside from the Rathbone seal. He faintly nodded and tucked it intonthe breast of his green vest, \"Whoy I gotta hide?\" \"Becausenmy home will probably be raided afterwards for one purpose or anothernand everything in that envelope is going to set it right.\" \"Youndo somethin' bad?\" Rathbonenlooked to him with a weak laugh. \"And then some.\" Charlienlifted a brow. The only thing he could comprehend that was worse thannbad was something unforgivable, something deserving penalty of death.n\"Did you kill someone?\" \"Charlie.\" \"Ohncome on. Who would I tell?\" Rathbonenfrowned, \"I wouldn't want to find out. Now come on, I'mndropping you off at Baker Street, and you had better keep yourselfnhidden. Britain,\" He said, poking at his chest where the envelopenrustled, \"depends vastly on that, which makes you the mostnimportant man.\" Charlienscoffed and snorted, \"You mean kid .\" \"No,\"nHe shook his head, \"I mean man. Yes, you're young, but I cannotntrust any adult with this task. Charlie, this is a man's job. I'mntrusting you, don't fail me.\" Henbeamed, \"Coo'.\" He sat back, hands clasping behind his headnwith pride.[Chapter 31] XXX Kickoffnto the Queen's Jubilee Thenhall clock chimed nine as Rathbone sat quietly in his room. Standing,nhe fastened the breast buttons of his uniform and stepped to his bed.nHis belt and saber lay ready. Unsheathing the blade, he overlooked itnone last time. He'd sharpened it only once since its lastnceremonial use… and that time was three hours ago. Turning his eyesnto the mantel clock, he sighed, counting the three hours he had left.nGripping the saber in hand, he tested its weight before raising thenblade and pressed it flat to his forehead. Sheathingnit, he clasped the belt around his waist and adjusted the crimsonnsash over his left shoulder. Try as he might to comb his hair to anrespectable flatness, it refused. Finally he tossed the comb down andnrolled his eyes. He was fiddling with pointless things in an effortnto pass the torturous moments of waiting. Henpaced the floor, boots muffled as he meditated, luring himself to anplace where miracles happened. The clock chimed again. Bynthe eighth chime he was tearing down the hall, a convincing smilenupon his face as he met with the maid downstairs. \"Yourncarriage is ready, sir.\" She curtsied. Noddingnshortly, he moved to the door, where Miles opened it for him,nfollowing him out to properly see him to the carriage. Stepping intonthe carriage, he called back to his butler, \"Enjoy the fireworkndisplay Miles. There's much effort to be appreciated there.\" Milesnsmiled in return and nodded, \"I shall sir! Have a splendidnevening!\" The driver's whip snapped over the horses' heads.nThey started off, and Rathbone sank into the pit of the carriage,ntucking himself into the shadow for a last moment of silence. Henwould meet Victoria and join her in her carriage, accompany her onnthe way to the Thames… he would be face to face with the very womannhe was betraying most of all, and he prayed she would not see throughnhis guise. BuckinghamnPalace was alive with foreign members of high esteem coming to paynthe Queen their respects and admiration. Stepping from his coach, henwalked into the palace, announced and shown into a crowd full ofnglimmering gowns and decorated uniforms. So many faces, some new,nsome familiar… his head was swimming, and he paid them all an equalnamount of polite time before he was finally called away. ThenScottish coach waited, drawn by six plumed horses. The gown insidenwaited patiently for his arrival. During a steadying breath henpolitely crawled inside, sitting across from the occupant. The Queennherself smiled, eager to see her favorite cousin once more. Hensmiled in return, and the door closed them inside. \"Nelson,nI hear you've had much trouble as of late.\" Thensmile pasted to his face was even beginning to fool him. \"I regretnto admit any truth in that.\" \"Well,\"nShe said with suppressed interest, \"Tell me about it on the way.\" Bowingnhis dark head to her, \"As you wish, Ma'am.\" Thencarriage glided from the palace among a sea of others, everyonenwanting to get a front row view of the fireworks to kick start thenQueen's Jubilee. Rathbone relayed the events of Lin's attacknquite vaguely, stretching out the tale as long as he could until henwas forced to continue it to the Jubilee Ball fiasco. Still, shenquietly chuckled and gave a show of mild surprise as much as hernstatus could afford to show. Although she had always been wellninformed, she always did prefer to listen to it first hand. \"Wenshall discuss this later in detail. I'm quite eager to ask you anfew things.\" The carriage gently stopped, barely bobbing as thenfootman hopped off to open the door for the pair of them. The Queennexited first, her peacock gown swishing over the carpet as she turnednto pay her adoring Londoners a kind smile. Rathbonenheld his breath and stepped out into the warm summer night. He noddednrespectfully to the passersby's, esteemed members making their waynto the balcony. Smiling nervously as he followed the flow of thencrowd, struggling to keep the smile pasted to his face. Hisneyes trailed upward, catching the clock tower, a spire above into thennight sky. Its face glowed a sickening yellow over the vertical flagsnthat billowed in the night breeze. Turning with the crowd, the towernwas lost behind the striped canopy that tented the balcony. Rowsnof tall chairs lined against the decorated balcony. A canopy,nmatching the barges across the water, swayed in the gentle breezenover the Thames. Rathbone lurked behind the seats, noting who satnwhere. Sure as fate would have it, all nine of the royal members hadnarrived. Princes and Princesses all mingling politely to one another,ncontent among their Black Watch who stood so protectively at the backnwall. Rathbonenfelt ill as he looked from their faces to the barges over the river.nAll the canvases remained closed…he knew they would not open untilnthe fireworks would start. Slowly he turned his eyes skyward, knowingnsomewhere beyond the curtain, beyond the jagged edges of Parliamentnthere was the face of the London clock tower…and it would chimensoon enough. Lin'sneyes were wide. She'd been shaking since they set her down insidenthe ship. Gagged and bound, she remained helpless, a boxer always atnher back to guard her. Wu Chow stepped inside, stalking close besidenher as he walked to stand before her. A finger brushed against herncheek as he reconsidered his deal with Rathbone. \" Younhave grown up.\" He noted in their native tongue. Shenpulled her face from him and glared. WunChow grinned again before he turned his attention to Lieu, \" Whennthe fireworks start, slit her throat and leave her by the gun.\" Lin'snbreaths quickened through the sash over her mouth. She could nonlonger think of anything else…waiting for the sound of chiming, thencue.[Chapter 32] XXXI Countdown Roy, Doyle andnWang all leered down to the barges below the bridge. A thick crowdnbuzzed around them in a deafening cluster as they eagerly awaited thendisplay. \"You two warnnthe royal family - I have to save Lin!\" Wang said, stepping backnfrom the bridge. Doyle turned tonwatch him, \"How on earth do you plan to do tha-…\" Wang rushed pastnhim and jumped off the lip of the bridge. After a long fall, henlanded on the ship and rolled to a soft landing. Doyle and Roynstared after him for a beat before they turned their attention to thencrowd. Tall, black hats stood out from the top, which Doyle hadnlittle difficulty noticing thanks to his own height. \"It'snhopeless…\" He said with despair, looking to Roy, \"There's nonway we can get through that in time.\" \"Don't givenup Artie,\" He said, enthusiastic as always. His eyes turned tonscope the terrain, the crowds and finally to the constable on hisnhorse… \"I've got an idea.\" Big Ben gongednout, singing a deep song for the midnight hour. Her breaths werenshort, hyperventilating as she stared out at nothing, completelynovertaken with terror. Two steps and Lieu was upon her. He grabbednher hair by the roots and snapped her head backwards. The sharp pinchnof a blade pressed against her throat. Rathbone'snface ran cold at the sound of the low chimes. The crowd went into annuproar. Stepping behind the statue of the balcony, he lowered hisneyes and prayed. Suddenly piercing whistles erupted with streams ofnsmoky lines, popping loudly into the sky and fluttering down an arraynof colors over the Thames. The fireworks had begun. Lin's breathncaught as she saw it coming. A small rope hoist swung down over hernhead. With a bang, Lieu was knocked flat on his back. Wang tore downnthe steps toward her, skidding to his knees as he untied the gag andnmoved to her bound wrists next. Lin was already squirming to free hernhands. The moment one was freed she struck Wang across the face –nhard. His hand coverednhis cheek with emotional hurt. \"What was that for?\" \"You werenlate!\" Throwing off the bonds and sash she got to her feet. The bells endedntheir toll, lost in the popping of fireworks. He listened to the awenof the crowd to his left and the gasps and applauds of his less thannimmediate family to his right. He did not watch the fireworks,nhowever, and glared past the shoulder of the stone lion, his focusnlocked upon the barge. He waited for movement, a sign of Lin ornanyone for that matter… any notion of what was to come. The canvasnparted, and Wu Chow looked about casually, marking a mental note ofnthe targets ahead. He spotted Rathbone hidden behind the statue andnmoved to load his gatlin gun. So lost innthought, he was startled at the voice that called to him. \"…Nelson?\" Rathbone wipednthe focused frown from his face and turned to lock his gaze upon thenQueen who looked expectantly to him. \"Why are younhiding yourself there?\" He snapped intonan innocent smile and stepped from the statue…much against hisnwill. A nervous glance toward the barge, he prayed Wu Chow would notngun him down… he prayed it would buy him time. Smiling to her, henstood just behind her shoulder. \"I wouldn't like to impede yournview, Ma'am.\" \"Nonsense.nYou've arranged all this. You should have a front row seat.\" Shenquipped with a smile. Unable to holdnhis eyes steadily, he looked from the barge and back to the Queennherself. \"I regret that, uh, respectfully I must decline…\"nGlancing back to his hiding place, he turned to her with a mostnbetraying smile, \"Besides. I need to keep an eye on proceedings.\" Another burst ofnbrilliant colors brought the woman to applaud and smile. She turnednto her favorite cousin, \"Nelson, you've outdone yourself!\" Then it slipped.n\"Wait until you see the finale.\" He froze,ncompletely ill at the words that slipped, but unable to remove thensmile that was threatening to dwindle. With a last bow, he partednfrom the Queen and marched back to the statue, looking expectantlyntoward the barge. He slowed ever so slightly and turned his eyes tonthe Black Watch, \"Keep an eye on those barges.\" He said. The moment henstepped out of Wu Chow's sight, he pulled the trigger. The balcony wasnfilled with a deafening explosion of repeating pops and bangs. Stonenchipped and everyone was screaming. Rathbone hit the floor, handsnclasped tightly over his ears while bullets ricocheted all around.nWhen the noise stopped, Rathbone sat upward, the dust of debris fromna riddled statue falling down from his hair and shoulders. He turnednto the chairs, and found them all empty. Everyone was upon the floor,ncrawling to safety by escort of the guards. The thundering he was nownhearing was a flare of something rising in his chest. Somethingnsnapped as he looked back toward the barge, glaring around thenscarred shoulder of the lion. He need only catch the glimpse of WunChow engaging in some battle with a man he assumed was Chon Wang. Thenbattle was on. He tore from the balcony to make his way intonParliament. Steps clicked down the hall as he hastily made his way tonthe guards outside. Barking orders, he pointed them in the directionnof the barges. Aside from the men holding the crowd at bay, the restnobeyed and began their march. Lin and Wangnbattled their way through the ship, taking down one boxer at a timenas they came. She had knocked down one in her own combat when shenheard skirmish from behind. Gasping, Lieu came at her, strategicallynwrestling her to the ground with a staff weapon. He pressed it to hernneck, pinning her down hard against the deck. \"Wang!\" Shenchoked out. A moment later her brother flew overhead, taking Lieunwith him in his tackle. Lin popped to her feet, and lifted thendiscarded staff just in time to see Wu Chow himself charging at her. His face wasnmalicious, and his speed far surpassed her own. Lin was thrown off tonroll down a stack of crates and landed upon a sub-deck. Her headnthrobbed from impact and the flashing of colors lost any distinctionnas it all faded to black. Time slowly spednup as she heard the sounds of fireworks. They startled her back tonlife and she sat upright. Her brother was now lost in a struggle withnWu Chow, who had twisted her brother into a position of helplessness.nLin clawed into a nearby box for some resourceful item – anythingnthat would save her brother. Wu Chow loomednover him, grinning with pleasure as he raised the dragon dagger,nstill stained with his father's blood. He was going to enjoy this… \"Wu Chow!\"nLin called to him. He looked up, eyes dilating at the sight of Linnaiming an enormous rocket at him. The sparks hissed and whined, andnthe object whistled out of the tube, pushing him off her brother, offnthe ship and straight out into the dark of the sky. He quitenliterally exploded over the Thames. Lin dropped thenrocket and climbed to her brother, \"Wang! Wang, I have to tell younsomething.\" \"Not now!\"nHe said, waving her off as he jumped to his feet and ran. \"Wang, it'snimportant!\" \"Tell me onnthe way!\" He called back to her as she followed his steps. \"You can'tnkill Rathbone,\" She started. Wang growled with frustration and shotnher an annoyed glare just before he picked up his pace to outrun her,nobviously not wishing to hear it. \"Wang!\" Rathbone marchednback inside, his hand upon the hilt of his saber as he searched hisnthoughts for a swift way to get to the barges himself. As though anprayer had been answered, he heard the clopping of a galloping horsendown the halls. Rathbone skid to a halt as a horse truly did turn thencorner, rearing up to avoid hitting him. The horsentrotted sideways, revealing Roy and Doyle. \"Hold it right there,nRath-bone!\" Rathbone lookednto him with a smile of disapproval for such an immature insult. \"Judging bynyour hasty retreat your still twentieth in line from the throne!\" Rathbone'snpatience was thin with this one, \" Tenth .\" Doyle dismountednand straightened his brown coat. \"Inspector,narrest this man!\" Roy said cockily. The lanky mannnodded, reaching into his pocket as he stepped toward the culprit.nRathbone panicked. His hand twitched, activating the device and thenderringer launched into his hand… \"He's gottangun!\" Roy said, falling to the side of the horse for cover. Artie Doyle didnnot move quickly enough. The bullet lodged into his shoulder,nknocking him off his long legs to the floor. Rathbone turnednand ran down a second hall, stopping around the corner to wait fornRoy…there were simply too many reasons why he wanted to kill thenman. Wang's voicencalled out down the hall, \"What happened!?\" \"Rathbone justntook down Artie with a little sissy gun…\" \" Sissyngun ?\" Rathbone repeated under his breath, with detest. The voices werenmuffled, lost in the echoes of the room and the continuing popping ofnthe fireworks outside. He flinched at a most familiar sound ofnscraping metal, and knew the sword display had just been dismembered. Holding the hiltnof his saber once more, he turned to dash into the nearest door andnup a flight of stairs.[Chapter 33] XXXII Tollnthe Hour Lin knelt besidenDoyle, a hand beneath his back to support him as she pressed againstnhis wound. Wang tossed the second rapier to Roy and turned to Lin. \"For father.\" \"For father.\"nShe said and then watched as Wang and Roy made their dash from thenhall and around the corner. Doyle pushednhimself to a sit and looked to Lin, who stared out. Her breaths werenshort, and he was soon concerned. \"You look like you're the onenhit with the bullet.\" \"Did he reallynshoot you?\" She asked, unmoving her eyes from the corner they hadnall vanished around. \"Yes,\" Hengrunted, shifting to lean against a pillar. \"And I have enoughnevidence against him to at least give him seven years of severenflogging if not the gallows…\" Lin's eyesnturned downward. She looked to him, \"Would you…reconsider if Intold you something?\" Doyle fellnsilent. He looked to her with complete incomprehension. \"Whatevernfor?\" \"I… He didnnot kill my father.\" He sat upright.n\"You said he did! You said it repeatedly in the Yard! You claimednwitness!\" \"I was wrong!\"nShe lied, \"It was Wu Chow.\" Doyle wasndumbstruck as the possibility sank in. He could not know the truth ifnWang killed him…his eyes rounded, \"You have to stop them, theyncould be making a terrible mistake!\" He pushed her shoulder, \"Go,ngo!\" She turned onnher heel to make a dash for the corner where Roy and Wang hadndisappeared. She did not go any further than a step as a handful ofnroyal guards stepped around, blocking her view with theirnwide-shouldered uniforms and rifles. She stumbled innher sudden stop, hearing the trudging of more guards falling innbehind her. She looked around...and soon realized there was nonfighting off the number of men with guns. \"Arrestnher,\" One said, waving for them to close in on her. \"Wait...\"nDoyle heaved, nudging himself higher against the pillar as he blinkednhard against the blurring vision. \"Up...Tower.\" \"You'll seena surgeon...and then you'll sit in a cell.\" The man saidnsternly. \"But th-thentower!\" He protested weakly. Lin's breathsnwere drawing shorter. She couldn't breathe...she needed to get up tonthat tower. The men were very close as they carefully inched closernto her. With a last hope, she looked to Doyle...who vanished behind anwall of uniforms. Both her armsnwere forcefully grabbed. Stubbornly she attempted to hold her ground,nbut by the third tug, she succumbed and followed their leadnoutside...the wheels in her head turning as she looked between them.nThere had to be a way... Rathbone torenhis way up the stairwell of the belfry. Lin had not come, and Wangnwas hot on his tail. It told him one of two things had happened.nEither Lin had given up on him or she was dead. He preferred tonbelieve the first, but the latter of the two rang a pitching screamnin his ears. It was Wang's fault. It was Roy's fault. And it was his fault. Before he knewnit he had traveled halfway up the belfry, driven on some mad amountnof energy that was rushing hotly through him. The sound of footstepsnstomping up from below drew his attention. Rathbone pressed to thenedge of the railing, gripping the derringer as he found Roy and Wangnclimbing after him, armed with the decorative swords from the hallnwalls below. The gun wasnaimed and fired, splintering the railing beside the men below,nsending shards of wood into the air. He wasted no time as he turnednto dash up the steps, hearing Roy call something after him, but hisnwords were lost in the pounding in his ears, unable to tell thendifference between the popping of the fireworks outside or thenthundering of an alarmingly fast heartbeat. With a lastnleap, he reached the last of the steps and came to the landing of thenbelfry - a catwalk framing Big Ben itself. Its hollowed body groanednand hummed in the echo of the fireworks that spilled through thenmilky glass on the levels overhead. Rathbone looked up, catching thencolorful lights flicking and flashing through the inner face of thenclock tower itself. Up a shortnstairway, jumping every other step, he tucked himself beneath thennext set of steps, just avoiding the light from the display outside.nHe pressed his back against the brick and iron framework and closednhis eyes, hand upon the hilt of the sword. There was no charming hisnway out of this one… The only thing that could ruin the letter'snintended purpose would be to kill of the very two who wished himndead. By Roy and Wang's deaths, Rathbone would be deprived of bothnfreedom and her... Behind closedneyes he saw Lin's face, confused and worried as she looked to himnpleadingly, gagged and bound. He'd left her, entrusting strangersnto do the heroic work as he continued to hide behind a lion'snstatue. Cowardice. Anger welled up inside as he thought of itnall…Wang had already given Lin and Roy his blessing…and yet Roynhad failed in saving her. Suddenly he was not so sure Roy was worthnsparing. Through thencracks and pops of firecrackers, he felt two more presences enter thenclock tower. Peering down through the stairwell he watched the twonmen, armed, creep their way up the steps. He recalled the last timenhe wished for death, welcomed it so openly…Lin would could not killnan unarmed man. Focused on the one person he despised most of all, henslowly unsheathed the saber and pressed his back to the wall evennmore. Watching Roy move up the steps just a foot away, he waited fornthe right time to strike. The American wasnwide-eyed as he inched his way up the steps. \"I don'tnthink he's up here!\" He called back to his friend and began tonclimb back down the steps. Wang called back, urging him to continue.nRoy paused, teeth grit, muttering an oath. He pressed upward, comingnto the second of the rafters. Like some man possessed, he watched Roynmove past him, nearing one of the faces of the clock. Rathbone steppednfrom the shadows, saber in hand as he debated running the man throughnwith the cold blade…but it simply wasn't enough. In a last minutenthought, he decided to enjoy this. \"ROY!\" Wangncalled from below. Roy turned,ngasping when Rathbone closed in on him and dropped his sword.nRathbone's boot slammed into his chest, knocking him to the face ofnthe clock where Roy smashed straight through the milky glass,nbreaking through the metal framework and vanished in a glitter ofnfireworks and glass-shards. Rathbonensmirked, \"Whoops.\" His attention snapped back toward Wang, whonwas coming up the steps to avenge his friend. Tucking the toe of hisnboot beneath the blade of the fallen rapier, he launched it into thenair to catch it with his left hand. His own demise had beennsecure…but he wanted one last fight. Just one.[Chapter 34] XXXIII DisturbingnNews Lin and Doylenwere escorted from the building to the courtyard below, a flat andnalmost barren landscape from centuries of use. The guards made littlentime to waste as they began rounding up suspicious faces…namelynanyone who looked Chinese. A wagon waited ahead, where severalnbruised and beaten Boxers sat groggily inside, trapped by the armednguards outside. Her heart leaptnwith fear. Being trapped inside with those men seemed a deathnsentence. She turned to flee but her arms were still held tightly bynthe two guards. Shoving her heels into the damp gravel and grassnbeneath her slippers, she prayed for a miracle, andistraction…anything. A loud smashingnsounded from above, followed by several screams from the crowd thatnhad not yet been evacuated from the streetside. Everyone lookednskyward, catching the face of the clocktower being smashed through. \"Roy!\" Linnand Doyle seemed to say at the same time. Everyone was in a state ofnshock, their attention being torn between the man dangling from thenhand of a clock above and the men who were giving out new orders tonthe crowd. Lin's eyes searched the broken face of the clock for ansign of anyone inside…there was only one person she knew who wouldnperform such a horrible act, who truly had a death wish. Withoutnquestioning the risk, she trusted the guards to hold her arms as shenkicked her feet against another nearby, twisting her arms free in hernflip before she turned on her heel and fled, vanishing through thencrowd of guards and busy bobbies. Everyone begannclearing the square, and the sudden unity in action brought Lin tonpause, her heart sinking as she stood at the doorway to look back tonthe square. Seeing no body, she breathed and whirled around to enternthe tower once more. But a set of large teeth teeth among a beardednjaw brought her gasping and flying backwards to avoid the bladedncane. The man grufflynlaughed as she found her balance and slipped into a fighting stance,nmoving back to the square ever so slowly. \"I've a bonento pick with you.\" \"One more.\"nRathbone said, holding Wang's rapier between the blades of his ownntwo swords. He flung the weapon back to the man. As Wang captured thenblade, his eyes filled with understanding now… This man could notnbe beaten with swords. Rathbone smiled,nknowing the man was catching on and readied himself for anothernround. The two engaged again, and Wang quickly lost the blade oncenmore…this time, Rathbone purposely flung it far from his hand. Wang wasncornered, looking upon the pale face of a rather insane Englishmannwith two blades. Looking to his rival, Wang nodded, \"One more.\" His head canted,nsilently questioning his seriousness. But Wang nodded withndetermination. Gladly, Rathbone saluted him with the rapier and thenntossed it to him, blade downward. Exhaustedly,nLin's brother caught the weapon, his determination swiftly shiftingnto resolve. \"You killed my friend.\" The blade swung to the rops,nsuspending the rafters. They both joltednas the catwalk began to give way, Rathbone's sword clamored to thenrafter as he clung instinctively to the railing. The sword slid,nfalling to the levels below. \"You killed mynfather!\" Wang said, slicing another rope. Rathbone wasnslammed against the rafters, his fingers slipping from their grip asnhe was flung off on impact against the face of the clock. It was andeafening sound, smashing through the glass, the iron framework andninto the flashing lights. Rathbone caught the vagest glimpse of bluenand red billowing in the wind, before he was lost in the motion ofnfree falling. Her heartnlurched at the sound of another crash above. The man with the beardednjaw looked up as well. Seeing the man distracted, Lin spun around,nknocking the manto stumble sideways just before she turned and boltednfrom the square. Lin ran untilnshe was certain the man was not on her heels. Skidding to a stopnaround a corner, she pressed herself to the wall and peered back tonthe square. Before her eyes could focus, her attention was drawnnskyward again. Two men were yelling at the top of their lungs,ntearing down the banner as they made a swift descend from the face ofnthe clock. The outrageous sight assured her it could only be hernbrother and his American sidekick. They reached the end of theirnrope…or banner. The tug at the end brought them to a last bounce,nand far off course from where Lin had expected them to fall. She ducked. A crashing andnwhinning of horses sounded from behind. Lin slowly turned around tonsee she had been hiding in the shadow of the royal carriage. \"Wang! Roy!\"nShe called out and moved to the window, reaching it before severalnmore guards came stomping up behind her. Lin poked her head inside,nfinding the two men grinning stupidly at the seat across from them.nLin swivelled her head before she gave a startled blink. \"You'renMajesty!\" She gasped just before she was yanked from the window.nThe guards held her aside as the door was opened and Roy and Wangnwere pulled from the carriage, followed by Victoria herself. \"Owe, owe…hey,nwe just fell like five hundred feet. Go easy.\" \"Threenhundred.\" The Queen corrected. \"Oh.\" Roynsaid, silencing himself. Lin and Wangnlooked to one another before they looked between the guardsmen.n\"You're Majesty, I can explain.\" Wang said, having her fullnattention as she stood quietly beside her broken carriage. \"WAIT!\"nCried a voice. A small figure crawled out from beneath the carriage,n\"Wait, Majesty! Eh, I have something 'ere.\" \"Hey kid!\"nRoy said. \"What are youndoing here?\" Wang asked with surprise and disapproval. Charlie lookednto the guard that stepped up at his side. Removing his hat, henrespectfully bowed down low to the Queen and removed the envelopenfrom his pocket. \"I was suppose to give this tomorrow, but it'snafter midnight now. It's a letter from Lord Rafbone.\" She blinked withnsurprise at the name. She looked to the guard beside the boy, \"Handnme that letter immediately.\" The man noddednand took the letter before he handed it to the Queen. Breaking thenseal, she slipped the folded papers out and began to read. The captivesnstood patiently as she began to read nonchalantly. The fireworks hadnceased, the crowd was quieting somewhere beyond the carriage and wallnof guards… Lin looked to her brother then, the both of them heldnfirmly by English guards. \"Wang. I havensomething to tell you.\" Wang nodded, \"Inknow. You were not sent by the Emperor.\" A slight frownncrossed her face. \"No, I…\" Her words were suddenly cut off by anwoman's voice. \"Where is LordnRathbone?\" She inquired to the four as she refolded the letter andntucked it into her hands, gracefully clasped over her waist. They exchngednlooks. Lin looked to the Queen, speaking first, \"I-I don't know.\" Roy looked tonWang when he realised he could be blamed for the death of a noblenlord, \"You saw him last, right, Chon?\" Wang nodded,neyes averting. \"Yes. He fell…over there.\" He darted his eyesntoward the square. A silence fellnas all eyes curiously turned in that direction. At the queen'sncommand, a handful of guards moved that direction, toward the centernof the square. Lin squintednagainst the trick of darkness and the figures far off. She knew therenlay a fountain there. \"Wang…\" She managed to say softly beforenshe looked to him. Wang noddednsilently. Lin's eyesnwidened. Denial was taking over. She hsook her head, feeling hotntears welling up in her eyes. \"Must I demandnto know what everyone is talking about?\" The Queen quipped as shenlooked between them all. \"Rathbone'snbeen trying to get the crown.\" Roy said in an attempt to gentlyndefend their cause. Wang looked tonher. He took a deep breath, before he most seriously said, \"Henkilled my father.\" The Queen'sneyes flamed. \"No, Wang.\"nLin said quietly. With all eyes on her, Lin shook her head. \"WunChow did. He poisoned him. Rathbone was blackmailed.\" Wang's jawnslowly dropped, his brows knitting with confused anger, \"You said –nyou told me you wanted to kill him!\" \"I lied!\"nShe argued. \"If I told you the truth you would not have listened.\" Roy shook hisnhead, \"She's got a point, Chon. You do get a little crazy whennyou're avenging your relatives. Remember when you thought I killednyour uncle?\" Wang's eyesnwere rounded, slowly sinking to the ground. \"I've made…anmistake…\" Lin hiccuped,nlooking to the Queen, \"I'm sorry.\" The Queen starednat them all in silence. \"Get them out of my sight!\" She said.nImmediately the three were thrown into the wagon with the boxers andndriven off…while Charlie remained behind, hidden inside a tinynshrub of the square garden.[Chapter 35] XXXIV UncommonnFate It seemed anneternity that he was submerged. Everything had been muffled out,nunimportant, numbed out… Sounds slowly surfaced through the filternof whatever was muffling them out. In one breath's moment he wasnflooded by the most agonizing pain, a deafening throbbing in hisnbrain that seemed to ripple all the way down to his toes. The scentnof blood, smoke and smelling salts made him wrinkle his nose and turnnhis head away. He regretted the move immediately when a piercing pangnseared up his spine and straight into his legs. Attempting tonopen his eyes, he caught only the faintest sign of a torn flag abovenbefore it all faded to black once more. Rathbone woke tonthe sound of rustling and birds chirping. He squinted against thenlight that flooded into his eyes and moaned at the ache in his entirenbody. \"Oh!\" Criedna small, squeaky voice. The light quickly faded out again. \"I'mnsorry, if that was too bright.\" Rathbone clearednhis throat as best he could, pulling a heavy hand to his eyes to wipenout the blurs. \"…Agatha?\" \"Yes, how arenyou feeling?\" \"Like…I fellnout of the London Clock Tower.\" \"You did.\" Rathbone'sneyes opened, brows knotted unevenly as he scoured the room from hisnbed. Agatha stood there, hands clasped as she patiently waited at thenfoot of his bed. \"I…did?\" She nodded mostnseriously, \"You certainly did, sir. Why, you've been getting sonmany missives since the incident, I've had to tell the papersnyou're unavailable to write anything as of yet.\" \"How long havenI been out?\" \"Well,\" Shenthought, \"We thought you were waking several times yesterday. I'mnso glad you're awake now, sir!\" Sighing, henfrowned at the rest of his room…he certainly felt like he'd beennsleeping under the bar of an enormous mousetrap for the last week.n\"What time is it now?\" \"Ten o'clocknin the morning, sir.\" She said as her skirts rustled as she crossednthe room to the small table and lifted the daily paper, \"Wouldn'tnyou know it, sir. This is the second time you've knocked Jack thenRipper off the front page!\" She giggled, handing him the paper. Scuffing hisnhair about, he carefully moved back to the stack of pillows before hentook the paper from her. His eyes turned down to the page…henblinked. Then blinked again. \"This is today's?\" \"Yes, sir.nYesterday's is on the rack as usual. There's three days worth younhaven't read.\" \"I… landed on someone?\" He asked with bafflement. \"Oh yes!\"nShe said direly and then grinned widely, \"Inspector Doyle confirmednit was Jack the Ripper himself and closed the case. He's evennpardoned from that little break-in on Baker Street once your letternreached the Queen. She pardoned you all, in fact. Except thosenBoxers, naturally… And that Looney Lin!\" His attentionnsnapped to the housekeeper. \"Chon Lin,\" He corrected hernabsently, \"What about her?\" \"Miss Chon'snnothing to do with the boxers like everyone said.\" \"She's alive ?\" He blinked, \"Is she pardoned as well?\" He wasnunable to mask his hopefulness. Perhaps his information to Gilroy hadnpaid off…it was more than likely the gossip of Rathbone's ownnuncertainties, victimizing himself had lured some sympathy from thenright names. Being Her Majesty's favorite likely had something tondo with that as well. Mrs. Lindonnblinked oddly at him and nodded, \"Yes, indeed. I found it very oddnas well. But!\" She threw her hands up with a chipper resolve, \"Indon't know the details and therefore cannot judge.\" Rathbone staredndown at the front page, befuddled beyond words. \"Theynwere…knighted?\" His nose wrinkled at the idea. He lowered thenpaper to his lap and looked aghast to his housekeeper… Knightingnforeigners was simply not done. Not to mention attacking the Queen'snfavorite cousin and dropping him out of a clock tower…it seemednthere should have been too many points against those men to benknighted. \"Indeed!\"nShe said, collecting the morning's cold breakfast, \"Shall I haventhe boy send up a late breakfast for you?\" \"The boy?\" Mrs. Lindonnblinked at him, balancing the tray on her hip. \"Yes. Mr. Chaplin.nCharlie. The boy you brought here some time ago?\" Rathbone'sneyes lit up with recognition, \"Yes, I …thought he had gone. I'dnlike to speak with him.\" \"I thoughtnso,\" She said with a knowing smile as she stepped towards thendoorway, \"He was the only one who managed to pocket a bottle ofnsmelling salts when they found you. Everyone thought you were dead!nLucky that murderer broke your fall…and the fountain. Well, Charlienwill be in soon with your breakfast.\" Rathbone pourednover the pages of the paper, downing his coffee before Charlie camenwaddling in with a breakfast tray. \"Well,\" Hensaid, sizing up Rathbone who looked up expectantly from his paper.n\"You've looked better.\" \"I thought younwere leaving.\" \"Nah,\" Henshook his head, setting the tray on the small table before he turnednback to Rathbone, \"No' yet. O'bannon and Chon say they' gonnango to America. Thought I'd try stealin' a ride wit' them.\" Faintly smiling,nRathbone shrugged, \"If that's what you want.\" \"Yeah.\"nCharlie hopped onto the end of the bed, tugging at the buttons of hisnnew vest. \"Doyle's goin' to China to return the seal.\"nRathbone nodded, sliding carefully out of bed with discomfort.nCharlie jumped from the bed, moving to grab his arm. \"I'm fine,ngo on.\" He nodded Charlie away. Charlie steppednback, watching him carefully as he straightened his sleeping clothesnand slipped into a robe. \"You know, I think you ought to go getn'er.\" Passing Charlie,nRathbone shot him a grimacing face. \"Lin wouldn't want to seenme…she's got a good thing with that American, I'm sure.\" \"What?\"nCharlie scoffed, walking with him to the small table and helpingnhimself to a chair as they both seated themselves. \"Tha' Roy'snfunny enough to 'er. But it aint him she keeps askin' 'bout.\" Dropping thennapkin to his lap, Rathbone looked curiously to Charlie. Matter-of-factlynCharlie nodded, \"Yeah. I think you ought to go after 'er. She'snmiserable ole the time. I know. I'm the one whose oleways answerin'ndoors. Every day, twice a day even, she comes knockin'.\" Hope seemed tonstir his appetite, \"Will she be coming back today?\" Charlie's nosenwrinkled. He shook his head, slouching back in his chair. \"Don'tnslouch. Why not?\" Huffing, Charlienscooted up straight. \"'Coz she's 'avin' luncheon atnBuckin'am Palace. The're leavin' tomorrow. I might be goin'nmyself. 'Aven't made my mind up yet, though.\" Rathbone lowerednthe fork, \"Tomorrow.\" He repeated… \"Tha's whoynI'm sayin'. If you wanna get 'er, now's the time.\" Rathbonenhesitated before he shook his head. \"No…\" \"Why!\" \"Charlie, Incan barely walk yet… What makes you think I could even defendnmyself if those two morons come at me?\" Slapping aside the clothnnapkin, he rubbed his lower lip pensively. Suddenly the idea strucknhim. A resolved gleam flickered in his eyes as he looked to his youngnfriend. \"How would you like to take on one more mission for me …nuntil I am able to catch up?\" Charlie grinned,n\"You're on.\"[Chapter 36] XXXV Double-Forbidden Lin had nevernfelt so awkward in all her life. Lunch at Buckingham Palace with thenQueen herself was most honorable, most interesting. However, thenwoman seemed quite interested to know how they had come to know hernfavorite cousin, the very man she was dubbing a hero. Roy'sncharming exterior faded at the strange mention, and they all threenexchanged awkward glances. There a strange silence had fallen and nonone knew what to say. Roy and Wangnwere convinced the man was guilty, that the letter was only a cushionnfor his fall from grace if he failed to receive the crown. Lin nevernargued. It was half true, or so she wanted to believe. In an odd, butnfriendly silence, they left the Palace and stood outside thencarriage. Lin and Wangncrawled inside and waited as Roy gave some last words to the Queen,nleaving her in a stifling snicker as she tried to withhold somenoutburst out in the open. Grinning, he stepped to their coach to joinnthe Chon siblings. \"Oh hey!\" Henpaused with a hand on the carriage door as he looked up to thendriver. \"Drop me off at Madame Tussaud's!\" He chuckled andnclosed the door, instead of allowing the footman to do so. \"Tussaud's?\"nWang asked. Roy stillngrinned as the carriage began to move. \"Yeah, someone wrote to menaskin' me to pose for their latest project.\" With false modestynand a rather proud grin, he sat back and folded his arms. \"You twongonna be all right without me?\" Wang and Linnexchanged suppressed smiles. Wang looked to Roy and nodded in a mocknof seriousness. \"We'll live.\" The two men,nmostly Roy, spoke about the previous battle, avoiding the topic ofnLord Rathbone's uncertain motives. Lin was very grateful, sittingnquiet and still beside her brother. She felt so tense, wondering ifnshe would ever be able to see him one last time without her brother'snknowledge. One last time…it didn't seem right. The coachmanncalled the horses to a stop. Roy gleefully hopped out of thencarriage, the footman having practically darted around to catch thendoor to do his one and only job properly. Roy patted thenfootman on the back and waved to the Chon pair before making his waynto the wax museum. Lin took a sidenglance to Wang at her side, nibbling on her lower lip. He was silent,nstaring thoughtfully out the window for a long while before henrealized she was looking expectantly at him. He blinked,ncuriously. \"What?\" \"Do you …nthink it was all a mistake?\" He stared at her, and she elaborated.n\"Rathbone. A misunderstanding.\" Wang's facenhardened with seriousness. He looked to the window, \"No.\" Lin looked tonher hands on her lap. Another ridiculously long moment of quiet.nSuddenly Wang's face scrunched with befuddlement. He looked to hisnsister. \"Why do you ask? Lin, you were there.\" Lin nodded. \"Inwas there … more than you were.\" Wang lookednquizzically at her, \"What?\" Finally, shenlooked up, swallowing down her nerves. \"I spoke to him many times.\" His face wentnblank. \"We…\" Shentried to search for a white lie that would not spark Wang's famousntemper. \"Sort of became friends.\" Disapprovalnbrought a frown on his face, \"Lin.\" He said deeply, expectantly. The resemblancento their father was disarming to her, as if Wang could see rightnthrough her. She tugged at the fine fabric of the new dress on hernlap, \"You don't listen. I tried to tell you. He's…not sonbad.\" \"Lin. Henkicked Roy out of the clock.\" Lin blinked atnhim, slowly frowning, \"He would not do that. He was counting on younboth to save me…\" \"-He did.\" Lin started on anprotest when she lost her words. \"And then hentried to kill me.\" Wang shifted to face her more directly, crossingnhis arms. His face was wrinkled again with confusion as he studiednhis little sister, \"He had those Boxers torture you.\" \"We were allnoutnumbered. And…\" Fingertips rose to feel the heat that flushednthrough her cheeks at her words, \"I might have screamed more thannneeded. They didn't pull so hard.\" Wang's eyesnwent irate, \"Lin! You – you –you tricked me! All this time, younworked with him!\" A finger pointing in her face, he stared at her.nThen he jumped with a coming thought, \"That's where you go! Everynafternoon! You go to see him !\" Lin raised hernvoice this time in defense, \"I haven't seen him. He's tooninjured for visitors!\" \"You'renseeing him! You're…\" His jaw dropped, and so did the finger. Henwas practically staring at her as though she had just transformedninto a horrifying creature, \"You're seeing him!\" But Lin frownednin defiance, \"Wang.\" \"You likenhim!\" \"Wang?\" \"You'renblushing!\" \"WANG!\" He fell silent.nLin composed herself, keeping a steady frown upon him. \"You jump tonconclusions. We're friends…\" But as she shifted in her seat tonlook out the window, she found herself lost in a flashback of heatednkisses, each one interrupted, each moment unfinished. Her cheeksnburned once more. Wang slid backninto his seat, staring at her still with disbelief. \"Does henactually like you?\" Lin snapped hernhead at him, \"What's that suppose to mean?\" \"Lin, he's ankiller!\" \"So are you!\" Face hardeningnonce more, the father tone returned. \"Lin, I forbid him.\" Lin refused tonlook at him, smiling faintly with some indifference. \"You alreadynsaid that about Roy.\" \"This is double -forbidden!\" They both sat forward, arms folded, bothnpeeved. Suddenly Wang spoke once more. \"You should consider Roy.nHe's not so bad.\" \"You say thatnnow.\"[Chapter 37] XXXVI Missives Theirnday for departing with London had finally arrived. Wang remainednquite perturbed about the ordeal. He busied himself with his puzzlenbox until their buggy was ready. When he was near close to finishingnthe puzzle, he had fallen victim once again to Roy's unscrupulousnhabit of taking over. \"Inmust have patience.\" Wang protested, clinging to his box. \"Ohncome on, you just tear off the lid. Come on, I'll show you,\" Roynsnatched for the box. The two played tug-o'-war until the lidnsnapped off and a stone flipped out. \"Younbroke it!\" Wang cried, kneeling to pick up the fallen stone. Ratherndisappointed, Roy chucked the broken lid aside, \"It's just a rocknwith some scribbles on it.\" \"That'snChinese!\" Wang turned the smooth skipping stone over and read thenmessage. \"'Family is forever my son. I am glad you cast your ownnstone.'\" Touched by the meaning, he felt a rush of relief thatnhis father had not truly forsaken him. \"Ohnwow. That's a great message.\" Roy quipped before he turned tonregard the waiting buggy. Linnlingered by the back trunk, grinning with her newfound rebelliousnessnat her brother's wishes. Wangnrecognized that smile…it was telling him that she had a secret. Roy'snvoice interrupted his glaring, \"I'd like to cast my own stone.\" Theynlooked to one another. Roy's interest in Lin suddenly seemednharmless. It could be worse. It could have been Lord Rathbone. Stillndisapproving of his sister's available suitors, he nodded thengo-ahead for Roy to follow her into the buggy. Linnstepped into the carriage, adjusting the crimson gown. The gown, angift from one of the duchesses who had witnessed the events of thenJubilee. In fact, the trio had received a great deal many things asngifts of thanks. She smiled, knowing just what other secret laynhidden in the trunk. Asnshe had been lingering beside the back of the buggy, Charlie hadnpoked his head out and passed her a small fold of paper. Charlienducked in time before he could be spotted by the pair of bickeringnmen. Lin smiled with protest, unwilling to yield to her brother'sntemper as he glared at her and as she stepped to the buggy and seatednherself, she slipped out the paper from her hip pocket. Innsmall, but familiar handwriting, she read the missive in silence. ' Ournprivate page, the boy, will be keeping me updated until I can findnyou.' Thenbuggy bounced with the sudden weight of two men climbing in. Linnshoved the note into her pocket, folded her hands and beamed. Shenwould wait for him, and not Wang, or Roy or the end of the Earthnwould keep her from welcoming him in America. ","Summary":" -1[ Summary :nWhile Chon Lin is engaged on her quest for honor and revenge - LordnRathbone searches"},{"Movie":"What A Girl Wants","Title":"Never Too Late","Author":"rhapsodyflower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3352319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Meghan's P.O.V. It had been an awesome party. All of our friends came, and the music was perfection. Everyone had rocked out with Green Day, and hip-hopped with Usher. I myself had partaken in some of the merrymaking (I danced my head off), and I was sort of exhausted for doing so. I stood on a step-ladder, taking down decorations. I was pulling a tack out of a streamer, trying to detach it from the wall. Shoot! It just poked me. Guess I was out of it. It was 11 o'clock at night, and normally I don't start getting tired until about 12:30. What can I say - I like to dance. And luckily, most of the decorations were already put away, thanks to the people who stayed to help. Hey, some buzzed-out sodaholic teenagers can really get a lot done expending their energy, ya know? Now, though, everyone had gone home, and I was the only one left. Where else was I going to go, anyway? I did live here, after all. Fortunately, I wasn't bleeding. Feeling a sense of accomplishment, I let the streamer drift to the floor and took the step-ladder over to another corner, where more were hanging on the wall. Not step-ladders, I mean - streamers. Yeah, I'm still out of it. I heard a door open down the hall. The guest of honor! She must finally be coming out here to help me clean up. I mean, I threw this whole party just for her, and it's not like my cousin not to return the favor. \"Hey, Daphs. 'Bout time you got out here. I -\" I stopped. My cousin was standing there staring at me, tears streaming down her face. \"She told the story again, didn't she?\" I said sympathetically. Nodding, my cousin sat down on the couch. I got off the step-ladder to sit next to her. \"Hey.\" I said, putting my arm around her. \"One of these days, that guy's gonna show up.\" She looked up at me, sadness gleaming in her eyes. \"How can he,\" she sobbed, \"if he doesn't even know I exist?\" Man, I didn't have an answer for that. As much as I wanted to give her one, I couldn't. \"Look. Tonight...tonight just wasn't the night, is all.\" My cousin looked down. She had nothing more to say. I held Daphne close as she cried into my shoulder... Flashback 12-year-old Meghan looked at the TV Guide. She and her mother had just moved in with her cousin and aunt, after both families had struggled to pay the bills for two years. Mom had been reluctant to leave their house just outside of Chinatown, New York, but she and her sister-in-law had decided it would be the best thing for them to each pay half the bills and live together with their children in the old converted art studio that Meghan's cousin and her mother had lived in for two years. Though it was smaller, it was cheaper and closer to Meghan's grandparents. Besides, the house held too many memories... \"CSI, CSI, CSI Las Vegas, Walker: Texas Ranger, news, news, Spongebob, Welcome to Windows: The Bill Gates Story, news, The Weakest Link, CSI...\" Dang it, there was nothing on. Wait a minute - what channel was this? \"BBC America.\" Meghan pronounced. \"Hmmmmm...\" She switched the channel. An old episode of Whose Line Is It Anyway? came on. Meghan laughed, but was puzzled to find that instead of Drew Carey, the show was being hosted by some dude named Clive. \"Hey, can I join you?\" said a voice. Meghan looked up to see her cousin, Daphne, with a big bowl of popcorn in her arms. \"Sure.\" She grabbed a handful of popcorn and shoved it into her mouth, turning back to her show. Soon, both of them were laughing so hard that they almost choked on the salty snack. As the show ended and the credits rolled, they tried their best to stop laughing and calm down. \"Oh, man.\" Daphne giggled. \"I think we're gonna make great roomates.\" \"You think so, huh?\" Meghan responded, desperately trying to contain her laughter. They were finally able to stifle themselves as the next program came on, which was a news program. \"I guess this channel's from Britain.\" Meghan concluded. \"I wonder if their news programs are less depressing than ours.\" \"Totally.\" Of course, Meghan didn't mind watching this channel. In fact, Britain seemed like a very interesting place. \"Hey, Daphs.\" she said. \"Do you think maybe it would be cool to go to England someday?\" She didn't get an answer. Looking to her companion, she saw that Daphne looked to be completely entranced in the television. \"Daphne? Hello?\" She saw her cousin draw in a sharp breath. Meghan turned back to the screen, expecting to see video of a huge fire or something, but she saw nothing of the sort. Just some boring story on some guy in the English nobility. \"Uh...Daphs? Am I missing something here?\" Meghan watched as Daphne's chin began to quiver. Her head bent, and she forced her eyes closed, holding back tears. \"Oh my gosh! Daphne, are you alright?\" She held the crying girl close, comforting her for a reason she didn't know. \"It's OK. Don't cry.\" Meghan looked up to see her aunt come into the room. \"Auntie Libbs, there's something wrong with Daphne.\" A look of concern came over the blonde woman's face as she rushed to her daughter's side. \"Daphne, sweetheart? What's wrong? Why are you crying?\" Trying to comfort her child, Libby caught a glimpse of the television. She quickly looked again, and her hand flew to her mouth. \"Oh, my...\" Now, Meghan was really confused. Both her cousin/best friend and her aunt were acting like they'd just seen a ghost, but she still could see nothing out of particular interest on the screen whatsoever. \"OK, what's going on?\" The woman looked back to her daughter. Daphne looked up to her, then at Meghan, then at her mother questioningly, with tears still streaming down her face. Libby then stared hard at her neice, and looked to be making a decision. \"Meghan.\" she said seriously. \"If I tell you something about Daphne, can I trust you not to tell anyone else? Not even your mother?\" Meghan looked away for a second. \"You can trust me.\" she told her. Her aunt looked away for a minute. Meghan waited. \"Alright.\" she said. \"Look at the screen.\" Meghan did so. \"Do you see that man?\" Meghan stared for a minute. \"Yeah, what about him?\" Silence. Libby looked down, and away. \"That man,\" she said, still staring at the floor, \" is Daphne's father.\" And thus, we sat there now, crying and fretting. You can probably tell - I still watch that channel. But only when I'm the alone in the house. I, just as Daphne, could find no way possible in which that 45-ish year-old man from London who's been blissfully unaware of my cousin's existence for 17 years could all of a sudden turn up on our doorstep and ask Daphne if she'd like to have tea with him, or watch a polo match or something. But I'm not one to accept reality. That's why I always change the channel when the news programs come on. However, I am rational enough to see that this can't be hidden forever. It's unfair, to Daphne and many other people. I haven't gone against my aunt's wishes, though - because believe it or not, I understand her side of everything too. And what right do I have to interfere? Really, I shouldn't even be involved. The only reason I can see that I'm involved is maybe for Daphne to have someone to talk to. I don't see how I'm any help. But then... \"Daphne,\" I tell her, \"someday we're gonna go to London, you and I. And we'll march up to his castle thingy and, well, we'll tell him ourselves!\" Daphne looks at me with disbelief. \"Or,\" I say, \"you can fly there yourself, and break into his mansion pretending to be the paparazzi. Just know that you'd be on your own with that one.\" Please don't hate my randomness. Daphne laughs, and pretends to ponder the idea.\"I think I like the first one better.\" I look at her. \"Then that's what we'll do.\" Okay, so that's the first chapter of my first fanfic. I really, really, really hope you like it. But if you don't, please don't be too harsh with your reviews. I will, however, graciously accept constructive criticism. I have a slight fear that I may have made Daphne a bit too much of a crybaby... I have posted the second chapter as well. If you don't hate the story already, please read on. :)[Chapter 2] It was Monday, the worst day of the week. Meghan walked into the computer lab. She found an empty seat, and plopped down into it. Clicking on Internet Explorer, she typed in a web address. Up came the page. It was a college site, on which she had a personal account. Opening the account, she was surprised to see that two colleges had read her profile and were interested in having her attend. She was about to click on one of them when something flashing on the side of the screen caught her eye. It was an advertisement. \"Ready for a change?\" the thing flashed. Meghan looked on. \"Want to see the world?\" A flicker of interest flared up inside her. \"Want to expand your horizons? Wondering how the world lives? Then Study Abroad is for you.\" She found herself clicking the flashing box. Another web page appeared. On the screen were pictures of smiling teenagers. One was wearing a traditional African dance outfit. Another was Asian, and looked to be holding a stack of books. Still another was a boy in a parka, standing in front of a colorful castle in Moscow. \"Welcome to American Foreign Exchange\" was the headline. On the left side of the page she saw a list of countries to click on. On the right side, more flashing boxes, all having to do with the program. She examined them briefly, and was about to start clicking countries when, all of a sudden, a new box appeared. \"Win a semester-long study abroad scholarship!\" it read. Intrigued, she clicked the box. Yet another webpage came up. \"Enter our essay scholarship contest, and you could win an all-expense-paid semester in England! Includes program fees, airfare, schooling, and necessities. Housing and living expenses are paid for by the host family. Contest rules are as follows: -Essay topic: Many people in the UK and other countries view american teenagers as being ignorant, spoiled, and careless. What is your view on this matter, and how would you respond? -Essay must be at least 1000 words long, and no longer than 1500 words long. -Must be typed. Can be sent by standard mail or e-mail. -You must be a legal US resident, and at least 16 years old. -We must receive your essay by July 10th, 2003. -Must include form below with general information.\" Meghan scrolled down. There was the form, asking for her name, age, address, and other things. At the very bottom was the fine print. She mouthed the words to herself. \"Odds of winning: 1/5000.\" Ha. Like that'll ever happen. Still... Meghan was definitely compelled. To win something like this would be a dream come true. And an essay contest! Her grades were so-so, but...she knew how to write. Without thinking, she filled out the form. Then, she began to type. Meghan's POV New York is a big place. But of course, you must know that by now. When many people think of America, the image of New York comes to mind. Here is the most populated city in the nation, and still more people come here to visit or to live every day - somehow, they're all able to squeeze in. This is the very definition of the sought after \"Big Time\", but I've lived here all my life. At least, all that I can remember. Not that I haven't ever been anywhere else. I've been to the countryside, and also New Jersey (I don't know why people hate it so much). I went to Connecticut once, when I was five, to visit some great aunt of my mom's. She insists I've been to Canada, but I can't remember any part of it (darn). Basically, though, I've been pretty much in the same area for 17 years. Every time I'd ask where I was born, my mom would say, \"In a hospital.\". I've long since stopped asking. See, my mom's like that. If she doesn't want to talk about something, she WON'T . Like this one time, I asked her why she didn't like cheese. She proceeded to tell me that she'd throw up if I asked again. That's my answer. Another time, I asked why she has a poster of the band Limp Bizcit on her wall...you finish the rest. Though frustrating to me, I find that a very interesting trait of my mom's. She's taught me that not all information needs to be disclosed. I'm thankful for that. Some people I know tend to go into way too much detail about their personal lives, and that's often not appreciated by those around them. But what am I telling you all this for? I must be boring you. You have better things to do than to hear me talk all the day long. My point, though, is that people don't wonder enough. I know that makes no sense, but...as huge and sparkling a city New York is, there are much bigger things. And sometimes, when I see people here walk by, their faces...they're so glazed over. There's more to life than the bustle of this city. Am I the only one who wants to see it? \"Hello!\" Meghan called. \"Anyone home?\" She closed the wooden door behind her. \"Just me, honey.\" came a voice. Her brown-haired mother emerged from the kitchen, wiping her hands on a dishtowel. \"Hey mom...are...you making something?\" \"I'm just washing dishes right now.\" Meghan grimaced. \"Ugh...is that dishwasher busted again?\" \" 'Fraid so. But hey, I've only got a few dishes left. You care to start some laundry for me, maybe earn a couple bucks?\" \"Um, alright. Just no underwear.\" \"No, don't worry. I've already washed all the underwear.\" A smile crept across her face. Meghan then found herself standing in front of the washing machine, loading in clothes and pouring detergent. \"Mom! We're out of water softener again!\" \"I know. Just wash the clothes without it.\" When the load was started, Meghan wandered into the kitchen. \"So...where is everybody?\" \"Your aunt picked your cousin up early from school. Doctor's appointment.\" \"Really? She didn't say anything about an appointment.\" \"That's because her mom never told her she had one. It's for a blood test, and you know how Daphne hates those things.\" \"So do I.\" \"Yeah, but you're better at getting them. For her, though, anticipation is the worst.\" \"I guess.\" Meghan went to the pantry to get some graham crackers. She then sat down at the table. \"Whaf's fer didder?\" She asked with her mouth full of graham cracker. \"Actually, I was thinking maybe we could have pizza tonight. I know you just had some at the party Saturday, but...\" \"Mom, you actually think I'd turn down pizza, like, ever ? And don't worry, I remember you didn't get any because we ate it all, so you can have half the pizza, OK?\" \"Sorry, can't accept the offer. I thought of pizza because I have to go to a meeting tonight, and I can't help with dinner.\" \"Oh, Mom, not again.\" \"Again, I'm sorry. But be sure to save some pizza for me.\" \"Sure, whatever.\" Catherine looked at her daughter. \"Hey, don't be sad. At least you don't have to go get a blood test.\" \"Lucky me.\" There was a pause. \"Meghan, we'll eat together tomorrow night, I promise.\" \"See ya then.\" With that, Meghan took the graham crackers and trudged to her room. Well, that's it for now. As I said, I hope you like it. And before I forget, I do not own What a Girl Wants or any of the characters in it, nor do I force them to do slave labor. Also, I do not own American Foriegn Exchange, if there is a such program; I'm too dumb to find out. I also do not own New York, England, or pizza, though it would be interesting if I did. HOWEVER, I do own Meghan and Catherine Reynolds as they are fictional characters of my own creation. I plan on posting about two chapters at a time, but I will only post more of this story if I get at least one good review. So if you want to read more, write what you think. :D Peace out -rf-[Chapter 3] Okay! I have officially gotten one good review. (Thanks very much to the person who subnitted that review, by the way. :D ) Anyway, it's been two weeks now since I last posted, so I think it's time I posted some more. So here you go, see what you think! Oh, and I don't plan on taking this long to update every time, either. I tried to post this earlier, but wasn't able to. Meghan's head bobbed as she sat against the headboard of her bed, headphones latched to her ears. Her eyes were closed, and she was engulfed in the music. She therefore did not notice when the door to the room opened and a girl walked in. \"Meg.\" Her eyes remained closed. \"Meg.\" No response. \"MEG!!\" \"Ackwhere'sthefire!\" shouted the startled teenager. Daphne burst into laughter. \"It's just me, dork!\" Meghan calmed down at the realization, and was hit with a pang of embarrassment. \"Well, you shouldn't scare me like that.\" she said as she switched off her CD player and took off the headphones. \"I was busy.\" \"Yeah, busy dancing like a maniac.\" Meghan gave the laughing brunette a sarcastic smirk. \"Har-har. I'll remember that the next time I hear you singing disco songs in the shower.\" \" One time. I do that one stinking time, and nobody can let it go.\" \"What? It was classic. \" Daphne rolled her eyes. \"Anyway, I came up to ask you what you wanted on your part of the pizza.\" \"Uh, what I usually have. Sausage and peppers.\" Daphne made a face. Meghan cocked her head. \"What's wrong with sausage and peppers?\" All Daphne could say was, \"Yuck.\" \"Picky.\" \"That's me!\" Daphne turned and started to walk out. \"So how was the blood test?\" Daphne stopped and turned back. \"Blood test?\" \"Yeah, your blood test. You were supposed to get one today.\" The girl gave Meghan a puzzled look. \"I didn't get any blood test.\" There was a pause as Meghan's eyebrows shifted in confusion. \"But, Mom said... \" Daphne seemed to realize something. She bent her head. \"That's what my mom must've told her.\" She once again turned to walk out, more hastily this time. \"Wait, Daphne...?\" Meghan started to protest, but gave up. Her cousin closed the door behind her. Weird. Meghan thought. She strapped the headphones back on and let herself slump into her bed. Three women sat around the dining table, enjoying some delicious pizza . One of them, of course, was Meghan, who held a slice high above her head. A long string of cheese trailed from it, ending with her mouth. The girl next to her sat gingerly picking sausage and peppers off of her portion of the yummy meal. Across from them, the oldest reached across the table into the flat, square box for seconds. \"Geez, I think I ordered the extra crispy crust by mistake.\" Meghan's aunt commented. \"But hey, it's still pretty good.\" \"I can see that.\" her neice said, slurping up the cheese. Crispy crust or not, Meghan was enjoying her dinner. She soon heard Daphne let out a satisfied breath. She turned. \"There. Finally done.\" she said, relieved to be finished with her extraction of toppings. Meghan snickered. \"Daphs, you don't know what you're missing.\" she told her. Libby, who had opted for a simple pepperoni topping, shrugged. \"You have to admit, Meghan.\" she commented. \"You do have some interesting food preferences.\" \"All part of being a leader, and not a follower.\" Meghan stated. \"Hey, 'Leader'.\" her cousin remarked. \"You've got cheese on your shirt.\" \"Huh? Oh, darn.\" Meghan said, looking down. She quickly grabbed a napkin to dab off the gooey substance. Looking at Daphne, she crumpled up the napkin and placed it in her lap. \"Thank you,\" she said, \"for bringing that to my attention, kind friend.\" \"You're very welcome.\" came the goody-goody response. The girls both smiled as their caring aunt/mother looked on. She then smiled as well. Meghan watched as Daphne took a tiny bite out of her pizza, then immediately set it down on her plate to take a tiny sip of water. She then wiped her hands on her napkin, and started again, only with two bites. After taking another sip and wiping once more, she bit into the pizza again, springing for a whopping four bites this time. I guess she's savoring the flavor. Meghan thought. She took another huge bite of saugage-and-peppery goodness, and another string of cheese hung from her lips. It was two months later . Meghan and Daphne had just finished their junior year of high school and were enjoying their summer vacation. They lay on beach chairs on the roof, soaking in the scorching hot late-July sun. \"Meghan?\" \"Mmm?\" \"This is boring.\" \"Course it is. But there's nothing on TV, we're broke, the car is down the street getting repairs, the computer isn't working right, and there're no catalogs left to draw mustaches in.\" \"Well, we've been out here for an hour and a half now, and my skin feels like it's melted off my body.\" \"I don't like tanning either, Daphne, but mom says I need some color.\" \"Who cares about color? Certainly not you.\" She's got a point there. Meghan said nothing for a moment. Just then, she realized how hungry she was. \"Wanna go inside and get something to eat?\" \"Oh, I thought you'd never ask.\" Both of them got off their chairs, grabbed the water bottles they'd taken out which by now were luke warm, and went inside to take off their bathing suits and change into their clothes. They came downstairs to find Daphne's mother in the kitchen wiping off the counter. Catherine was in the living room watching a talk show. Daphne sat at the table while Meghan searched the freezer. \"Want some microwave burritos?\" \"I just want some food.\" And so, the microwave was soon whirring with burritos cooking inside. When they were done, Meghan took them out and set one of them in front of Daphne. The other she set before herself. They became very impatient as they waited for them to cool. \"Aw, come on! \" Daphne whined. \"That's it. I'm tired of waiting.\" Meghan announced. She then proceeded to take a huge bite out of her burrito. She was forced to spit it right back out on her plate and run for a glass of water. The others chuckled. \"Sweetheart, haven't I told you to wait for things to cool before you eat them?\" her mother said. \"Yeah, I bet you find this so hilarious.\" Meghan said sarcastically. Suddenly, she heard the front door open and close. She hadn't heard her aunt go outside - she had been busy washing her mouth out - and was surprised to see her walk back inside with her arms full of mail. Meghan watched her sort through junk mail and bills, and pull out two decorating magazines. When she pulled out one particular envelope to examine it, the woman frowned. \"Apparently...Meghan,\" she said, \"you've got mail.\" Libby smiled cheerily as she walked over and handed her the parcel. Perplexed as to why she would be recieving anything other than college brochures or the next issue of Teen Vogue , Meghan slowly tore the envelope open. \"Oooooohh, maybe it's a love letter.\" Daphne swooned. \"Sock it, Daphne.\" Meghan told her. \"That'll be the day when I...\" Silence. Meghan's aunt and cousin looked at her questioningly. \"Oh, my...\" Alright then. Well, as promised, I've posted two chapters at a time, so the next one's up as well.[Chapter 4] Meghan was halfway out of her chair. She read the letter in a low, slurred whisper to herself as her eyes grew larger than the burritos. Her family could hear noises coming out, but couldn't understand what she was saying. Catherine sensed that something was going on and came into the dining room to investigate. \"Oh...OH!...\" \"What? WHAT?!\" \"I...I WON!\" Meghan was standing up now. \"Won what? The lottery?\" Daphne frantically asked her. \"No! No, that's not it...I just...I can't believe this!\" The excited teenager jumped up and down. \"Meghan! Tell me what you're - \" \"Look!\" She thrust the paper into her cousin's hands. Daphne proceeded to scan the letter, eyes dashing back and forth, up and down. \"An...essay contest.\" \"Essay contest? That's my girl!\" Meghan's mom rushed over to throw her arms around her daughter, beaming with pride. \"Hey, that's great!\" her aunt agreed. \"Whadja win?\" Daphne, who was still holding the letter, read further. \"I think she won a trip.\" The two adults' voices chorused with excitement. \"A scholarship, actually.\" \"Oh, Meghan! I'm so proud of you! This is wonderful!\" her mother cried. \"What school is it for?\" her aunt inquired. Daphne scanned further. \"It's a semester-long scholarship for someplace called...The Jasperstone Academy for Girls.\" There was a pause. The adults had funny looks on their faces, having not heard of this school at all before. \"A girls' academy?\" Catherine chuckled. \"I don't think that's exactly Meghan's forté.\" \"Well, I think...I think this is some kind of foriegn exchange program. This school must be in another country.\" Shock came over the parents' faces, and Meghan began to feel nervous. \"Wha...what?\" \"I'm serious.\" Meghan stared at the wall. \"Well, that's shot.\" Catherine stammered, overwhelmed. \"We can't afford-\" \"Everything is paid for.\" Daphne interrupted. The semi-proud, semi-flabbergasted woman stared blankly. Daphne went on. \"Airfare is paid for. Housing is paid for. And...a bunch of other stuff...is paid for.\" \"I don't buy it.\" \"It's true, Aunt Catherine-\" \"WAIT a minute.\" Libby, who had been silent for a time, spoke up. \"Supposing this award actually is legitimate, where exactly will Meghan be staying? Who will support her? Buy her food and necessities?\" \"Says here she would be staying with a host family in the city in which the school is located. For a gimmic, it sure gives a lot of information.\" \"Mmm-hmm. And what city is this?\" Apparently, the letter hadn't mentioned that yet. Daphne's eyes moved downwards, then back and forth. Then her eyes came to a halt; the answer had been obtained. She paused for a moment, staring at the print. Then she spoke. \"This school is in London.\" Meghan sat on her bed, hugging her knees and staring straight ahead. Her cousin sat on the ground by their bedroom door, head back against the wall. \"Have they stopped shouting yet?\" she asked Daphne. \"Yeah...they're still talking though.\" Meghan looked straight again. \"Whatever. They're never gonna consent to this one.\" The girl on the floor looked up. \"Don't be so sure.\" Meghan looked at her strangely. \"What do you mean?\" Daphne half-smiled. \"Well, I can't understand them now.\" she said. \"But when they were shouting, I caught a few things. And for the record, I think my mom was actually standing up for you.\" Meghan raised her eyebrows. \" Your mom? And my mom's the one who's against it?\" \"Sounds like.\" Meghan plopped on her back, just barely missing her pillow. \"Wow. I would think it would be the other way around. No, wait - more like them both being against it and arguing about what an idiot I am for even signing up for that contest.\" \"Nah. Don't worry, it wasn't that bad.\" \"I'll try to take your word for it.\" There was silence. \"Well, I think it's cool. That you won, I mean.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Anytime.\" Meghan grabbed her cold burrito, which had been sitting on a plate next to her on her bed. She took a huge bite. \"I really hope Aunt Cathy lets you go. I mean, it's kinda the chance of a lifetime.\" \"Yeah, I know.\" Meghan took another bite. \"Hey, can I have a piece of that burrito?\" \"You just had one.\" \"Well, I want more.\" Meghan examined her food. \"Alright. You know what - just take the rest of it. I'm not really that hungry anymore.\" It had been three hours since I opened that letter. Amazingly, it really wasn't a gimmic - the adults had examined it themselves, thoroughly . I was incredibly shocked and happy that I had won, but also depressed about the fact that it probably didn't make any difference. I was laying there, gazing into space, when there was suddenly a knock on the door. Daphne was so startled that she almost choked on a piece of tortilla. \"Can we come in?\" It was my aunt's voice. Daphne answered between coughs, and the door opened. \"Meghan, your mother and I have reached our decision.\" I sat up a bit, leaning on my elbows, and saw my mom standing in the doorway. I gave them my attention, though I was pretty sure I knew what was coming. Aunt Libby sat on Daphne's bed. \"We've been talking - I'm sure you probably heard.\" she said, eyeing Daphne. \"What?\" my cousin protested, mouth full of burrito. My aunt paused. \" Anyway ,\" she said, turning back to me, \"we think we've made our choice.\" I looked on with silence. They had taken only three hours - a little less, actually - to make a huge decision like this. Not a good sign. \"We've decided...we're going to let you go.\" That practically knocked me off the bed. \"Really? Are - are you serious?!\" \"OK, calm down - yes, I'm serious.\" I was sitting straight up now, boiling over with excitement. I looked back and forth to my mom and aunt, gratefulness about to pour out of my mouth like a waterfall. \"OH...THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK-\" The lone blonde in the room held up her hand, closing her eyes and pursing her lips. I stopped. \"Now, hold on, Meghan. This isn't an easy decision for us. We were both initially against it.\" I breifly glanced at Daphne, and shot her a \"what did I tell you\" kind of look. She gave me one of her goofy grins. \"We were very skeptical about it. We weren't sure you could handle something like that - being alone, for a long period of time, in a foriegn country. But...I started to see some good in it. I reasoned that it would be a good experience for you. Also, being seventeen, you're old enough to be able to start doing a lot more things on your own. And it's a developed country, it isn't North Korea - you'd be reasonably safe there.\" And this is why you are my favorite aunt - well, you're the only one I have, but still my favorite. I thought. \"And after a while, your mother agreed. But this is still very hard for her.\" I looked at Mom. She was leaning in the doorway, arms crossed, head bent. Her face was solemn. I hadn't seen her look like anything close to this since... \"So I need you to promise something.\" my aunt said. \"Promise us you'll be responsible, in everything you do.\" I looked her straight in the eyes. \"I promise, Aunt Libby.\" She smiled one of her warm, comforting, radiant smiles. \"I believe you.\" she said, placing her hand on mine. \"We trust you, Meghan, we always have.\" You can trust me. I thought. And it was true. Well, that's it for now. Hope it was good! Please, please review if you like it! Or even if you don't like it! I need some input here! I'm already on the sixth chapter so far, but please tell me what you'd like to see happen! -rf-[Chapter 5] Hello friends. First I'd like to give my thanks to the person who favorited my story (I'm so honored!!!). Here are the next two chapters, read and enjoy! This one's pretty serious - it gives some insight about Libby and Daphne's thoughts and feelings. The one after it is a little lighter, and will start to introduce some new characters. :) It was about midnight, and as usual, Meghan still wasn't asleep. Usually, at about this time, she'd be downstairs watching Letterman. But her mother, who often liked to stay up and watch with her, had decided to go to bed early that night, and it had been suggested that everyone else do the same so as not to bother her. And since Daphne couldn't sleep with a light on, Meghan couldn't even read in bed. So she was just laying there, thinking in the dark. \"Meghan?\" came a whisper. \"Are you awake?\" \"Of course I'm awake.\" she replied in a low voice, not bothering to whisper. \"You should know me better than that by now. Besides, I'm too excited to sleep.\" She turned over to face her sleepless roommate. \"Then can I ask you something?\" Daphne said, no longer whispering as they both sat up. \"Hit me.\" The girl paused for a moment. \"When you go, do you think you'll ever see...\" \"Your family?\" Daphne looked down and began to fiddle with a loose thread on her bedsheet. \"I dunno.\" Meghan answered her. \"Maybe.\" Daphne kept fiddling. \"I...I don't really know why I'm asking you this. I just...wish...\" \"I know. I understand. There's something you want more than anything...you should be going on this trip, not me.\" \"No, Meghan. You deserve this. I shouldn't even be saying anything. I should just be supporting you.\" \"Don't feel like that. Don't feel guilty.\" \"But-\" \"Daphne, you have no reason to be ashamed for how you feel. You can talk to me about anything, and I will listen. And, you know, maybe...maybe it's time.\" \"Time what?\" \"Time he knew.\" Daphne dropped the thread and looked straight at Meghan. \"I mean, think about it! I was chosen out of thousands of people to go to London for writing one lousy essay! That could mean something. Maybe this is how it's supposed to happen.\" Her cousin was silent. \"I think you should talk to Aunt Libby.\" That got her talking. \"Mom? Are you crazy ? She'd never understand.\" \"She loved him.\" \"I know that. But-\" \"Look, Daphne, it's not my place to get involved or do anything against your mom's wishes. I told her I wouldn't say anything, and unless she tells me otherwise, I won't. But maybe if you talk to her, tell her what this means to you, then maybe she'll come around. All I'm saying is to give her a chance.\" Daphne looked away. \"I'm sorry, Meghan, but believe me when I say that I have talked to her before. Many times. And she isn't going to change her mind. She's...she's just too hurt.\" Meghan just sat there, not knowing what to say. \"I just have to accept that I wasn't meant to have a father.\" I'm so sorry, Daphs. Meghan desperately wanted to comfort her cousin. When Daphne was like this, it wrenched her heart. \"Everything's going to be alright, Daphne.\" she said. \"If he knew you, he would love you, just like he loved your mom. And you have us. We'll always be there for you, no matter what.\" There was a pause. \"Thank you.\" \"For what?\" \"For being there.\" Daphne laid back and turned over. Meghan watched her for a minute, then laid back down herself. \"Just...don't worry, Daphne. Don't worry about anything.\" she told her. And that was the last thing Daphne heard before she drifted to sleep. Meghan wasn't that far behind. Someone else was stirring in the night. That someone was a thirsty blonde woman who went downstairs to get a glass of water. She had been so thirsty, in fact, that she had stood by the counter to drink the whole thing only to refill it again. She had not been sleeping well. By the time Libby finally remounted the stairs, her second glass of water was already half gone. She slowly climbed up each stair, taking more sips. When she reached the top, she suddenly heard someone say her name. Curious, she walked toward the room that Meghan and Daphne shared and stopped just outside the door. At about the time she got there, she heard her daughter's voice. \"-Are you crazy? She'd never understand.\" \"She loved him.\" Libby found herself listening to their conversation. The door was hollow and thin, and she could hear them very clearly. When she realized what they were saying, that whole sorrowful feeling came over her again. That horrible, regretful, sorrowful feeling. Again. \"I've talked to her before. Many times.\" Yes, she had. There had been many talks. Talks that Meghan hadn't ever known about. Then she heard it. Those miserable words. \"-I wasn't meant to have a father.\" Those words put a dagger straight through Libby's chest. And for the first time in seventeen long years, she truly realized how much this hurt Daphne. How much she was hurting Daphne. \"If he knew you, he would love you.\" Yes. He would. she thought. Oh, what had she done! She had asked herself that question so many times. But it never was as unbearable as it was right now. She slumped to the floor and laid back against the wall. What was she doing? Why had she kept this hidden for so many years? Why was she keeping Daphne from her own family? It was terrible. How could she have possibly ever justified that? Then she remembered. She had always told herself that it was too late. That's what she'd told herself ever since she'd stepped on the plane that took her back to this country. And it was true, it was too late for her. But it wasn't too late for Daphne. She had never stopped loving that man. Maybe it was time things changed. And Meghan was going to London... It was a month later. Meghan was in an airport for the first time in years. Her family was there with her, helping her carry some luggage as they rushed along. Catherine had traveled a lot in her life, and had a look of indifference in her eyes as she dragged along a rolling case with an ugly floral design on it. She was followed by her sister-in-law, lugging a very large duffel bag. Meghan and Daphne were following behind, each carrying old suitcases full of junk. Although to Meghan, it wasn't junk at all. Daphne was a funny sight. Though she'd technically been to an airport before, she'd never seen one, and seemed absolutely starstruck to be there. \"Ooooooh, look at all the people.\" \"Yes, there usually are a lot of people in an airport, Daphne.\" \"Oh, look! A snack bar!\" \"Yes, Daphne, people get hungry while they wait.\" \"Oooooh, big flashy signs!\" \"Flashy signs are easier to read, Daphne.\" \"Ah!\" \"Don't trip, Daphne.\" The girl's unchracteristic ditzyness made Meghan smile. Perhaps this relative of hers had downed a bit too much coffee this morning. Her personality usually was a bit perky, but today...well...she probably could've passed for one of the cheerleaders at their school. Ugh. But then Meghan looked at Daphne, who gave her a quick glance and a playful smile. And when she saw that underlying down-to earth look in her cousin's eyes, she knew that she was, once again, joking. She had gotten only about three seconds to look, before Daphne's face again became overcome with manic thrill as she pointed out some other random airport feature. But it was enough. And though Meghan wouldn't admit it, she found this pretty exciting herself. But maybe that was because she was leaving the country. On her own. For the first time in her life. All the luggage was put on the convayor belt, where it would go through an x-ray and soon be transferred with all the other luggage onto the plane. Everyone was screened, and so was Meghan's purse, which she would be carrying on with her. Catherine then led them on a mad dash to wherever they were supposed to go. Wherever it was, Catherine knew how to get there, so they all followed without any questions. \"Hurry up!\" her mom called to the three slowpokes behind her. \"They're already boarding Meghan's flight!\" They all quickened their pace, and were soon all standing right near the door that led outside. Catherine presented the ticket. \"It's for her.\" she said, motioning for Meghan to come closer. \"Thank you, ma'am.\" The flight attendant said, accepting the ticket. After checking a few things, she handed the ticket to the traveling girl, along with her seat number. \"Alright, Meghan.\" her mother said. \"I guess this is where we leave you.\" \"You have about ten minutes before your flight leaves, hon.\" The chubby woman told her sweetly. \"You can all step to the side and say your goodbyes.\" They did so as another family, a couple with two girls and a baby boy, stepped up. \"Okay...\" Catherine said as she searched for something to say. \"...You be good...be nice to the family...I love you.\" \"I love you too, Mommy.\" Meghan said. They embraced, and held each other for a long time. When they finally seperated, Catherine wiped her eyes. \"Oh, Mom, don't cry...\" Meghan pleaded. She grabbed her mother's hand. Catherine sqeezed her hand, then let go, slowly turning away. Her aunt was next in line. She stepped up to her neice, and grabbed her hands. \"Well, this is it.\" She said with a half-smile. \"We're going to miss you. A lot.\" \"I'll miss you too.\" Meghan said. She was starting to get a bit teary herself. \"Now, remember what you promised me - in the bedroom last month, I mean.\" \"Yes, I remember.\" \"Good. Be careful. Keep a clear head. And also - well, have a good time.\" \"I will, Aunt Libby.\" \"Be sure you do. Oh, and one more thing.\" she said, reaching into her jacket pocket. She pulled out a plain white envelope with no writing on it and slipped it into Meghan's purse. \"Open that...when you get on the plane.\" she told her. Meghan was puzzled, but she nodded firmly. She then hugged the second of three very special people that she wouldn't be seeing for a very long time. \"Goodbye, Meghan.\" \"Bye. I love you.\" It was all she could think of to say. Libby backed away to stand with Catherine, who was still struggling to hold back tears. The third family member hesitated, as if she were afraid she'd start weeping if she came any closer. Meghan looked the girl straight in the eyes and smiled. \"Daphne, get over here.\" The girl immediately rushed up and threw her arms around her best friend, giving in to tears as they hugged. \"I'll miss you.\" Daphne said. \"I'll miss you too.\" Meghan replied. She was now crying as well as she gently patted her cousin's back. \"Good luck.\" \"Thank you.\" They seperated for a moment to look at each other, holding hands. \"I...I want you to e-mail me. Every day.\" \"I will.\" Meghan told her. \"And call me at least once a week.\" \"You too.\" They smiled. \"Last call for Flight 24, London!\" The attendant spoke into the microphone. \"You'd better go, sweetie.\" \"Alright.\" Meghan and Daphne hugged one more time. \"Bye, Meg.\" \"Bye, Daphs.\" After one last squeeze, Meghan slowly pulled away, still holding Daphne's right hand. She held on until she couldn't reach anymore, and then let her hand softly slip away. The flight attendant opened the thick door, and Meghan stepped out into the hallway. She turned back to wave to her family one last time. They waved in return as the door was closed behind her.[Chapter 6] Well, here I am. Sitting on a plane for London. Staring out the little window. And thinking. There's nobody sitting next to me. I guess that seat wasn't assigned. Ahead of me there's some guy holding a mirror up and smoothing out his hair, sitting next to a bleach-blonde woman. Behind me I hear someone blowing his nose. Really loud. The plane's fully boarded now and I hear the pilot talking to us: \"This is your captain speaking.\" Blah blah blah. Funny how he calls himself \"the captain\". But I guess that's what he is. In case you don't already know, I'm feeling pretty surreal right now. This is like something out of a daydream, and I almost feel it isn't happening at all. I was just told to fasten my seatbelt, although I had it fastened already so it didn't really matter. The plane is taking off. I watch out that window as the asphault runway speeds faster and faster, until I feel myself being lifted off the ground. Away from the airport, the buildings...everything is getting smaller. We pass the control tower and it looks diminutive as we go higher into the sky. This is it. I suddenly remember the envelope that Aunt Libby gave me. As much as I didn't want to take my eyes away from the window, I quickly reached into my purse, pulling out the white rectangular thing that had been placed inside only minutes before. I'm not sure why, but I stared at it for a moment. There was nothing written on the front; it was just white and blank. This got me nowhere, but somehow I didn't need to open it to have an idea of the contents inside. I turned it over and opened the flap. What I pulled out amazed me. My mouth dropped slightly open as my mind registered what I was holding. Five things had come out of the envelope. The first thing, I realized with astonishment, was a copy of Daphne's birth certificate. I had never seen this before. There was my aunt's signature, right underneath where it indicated \"Mother's Name\". The space next to it was blank, but there were in fact two names listed in print underneath Daphne's in a space above. In that moment, the truth really hit me, for the first time. There were also three photographs. The first was a picture of Daphne when she was about five years old, blowing out the candles on her birthday cake. The second was her most recent school picture, the one thing I had seen before - I had told her when it came out that it looked much better than mine. And then there was one more, one that made my throat tighten. A picture of my aunt, standing with a dashing-looking man I hardly recognized from television. They were smiling, and he had his arm around her. The last thing from the envelope was a small note on plain lined notepad paper, folded in half with my name written on the outside. I opened it and read the writing inside: If you should ever get the chance, here's proof. You don't have to do anything if you're not up to it, but I finally realized what I've been doing is wrong. You have my permission. -Aunt Libby I look out the window again, still holding the note in my hand. I see the Statue of Liberty, holding up her torch, as if to wave goodbye as we pass into the ocean. There's so much I'm leaving behind. I don't know what's ahead. The ocean seemed endless. There really wasn't anything to look at out the window anymore. Sure, the ocean was beautiful, with the sun reflecting off of it and making it shine. Meghan made sure to periodically take little breaks from the book she'd brought to look at the view, taking in the sparkling waters. But it was the same view every time. The on-board movie was a total bust. They were showing one of the Mission Impossible movies, and Meghan couldn't stand Tom Cruise. The view out the window soon got Meghan's full attention yet again, however, when the sun began to set, spreading gorgeous colors across the sky. She leaned her head against the chair, ready to watch the show. It was beautiful. Watching that sunset, Meghan felt a most wonderful and comforting sense of peace. Her anxious mind settled down, and she felt reassured. It was such a lovely sunset, so majestic, so peaceful, so calming...so calming... \"This is your captain speaking.\" I heard, from far away. The noise kept going and got louder and louder. My eyes crept open, and for a few seconds I couldn't figure out where I was. Talk about scary. But eventually my senses came back to me, and I shifted in the seat, trying to get my bearings. I stretched as the pilot blathered on and on. Then I was compelled to look out the window. In my drowsiness I realized the plane had landed. The sky above was dark, and a short distance away I could see the brightly-lit airport. I saw the ground, black with yellow light shining down upon it. People walked around outside, and I saw some guy driving a cart. Inside the plane people were gathering their things and filing out. I felt a sense of urgency to move and sat up, rubbing my face. I wasn't fully awake. Grabbing my purse, I shook myself, trying to turn on the switch in my mind. In my rush, I dropped a bunch of stuff on the ground. I bent down and picked up my book, as well as the white envelope, which I realized I'd forgotten to put in my purse. As disoriented as I was, I knew I had to guard that thing with my life. I buried it deep in my purse. Tucking my book in as well, I hurriedly stood up. I looked behind me, to make sure I hadn't left anything in the chair. It was empty. I then dropped to the floor and felt around to make sure nothing else was left down there that I missed. I felt nothing. Getting back to my feet, I slung my purse over my shoulder and slowly began to follow the line of people crowding out. It was a little hard to keep my balance. All around me, other people looked sleepy, too. I heard the guy behind me blow his nose again. That'll help you wake up. Slowly I was making my way to the door, as if in one of those waltzes they're always playing at the senior center, where Grandpa Reynolds lives. I could almost hear the bingo numbers being called out in the background: \"I15, G38, B4...\". I think of the last time we had visited him, about a week ago, actually. He was telling us about Delila, an old lady who has the hots for him. He told us about how she likes to knit in the room where he plays checkers with Bernie, and how every once in a while he'll look in her direction, and she'll look up from the toaster warmer she's making and gave him a flirty little wave. He says it's really starting to bother him, especially since she's always wearing these creepy little bunny slippers, one of which is missing an eye. They freak him out. But now I didn't hear any bingo numbers. Just some kid crying in the back, along with the relentless nose-blowing. When I got to the front, I was hit with a cool breeze. Clutching the strap of my big brown purse, I followed the rest of the crowd as the started down the steps toward the ground. I wasn't cold, but I was a bit taken aback by the sudden gusts of fresh air I was feeling after having sat in an airtight plane for about eight hours. The breeze carried my hair up a little bit, and I felt refreshed. Though I was pretty fatigued, it felt good to get outside. I couldn't shake the feeling of still being back in New York; it didn't seem like I'd gone anywhere. It was as if I'd just gotten in the plane to take a long nap, and then woken up to go home. But this sure wasn't home. The crowd spread out as we stepped down from the stairs. I was thankful to be able to put a decent amount of space between me and the nose-blower. I hoped I wouldn't get sick. I wondered if maybe those dumb shots I'd had to take before leaving would have any effect on that. Probably not. We crossed the asphault and once again were crowded as we entered the huge building and coursed through a hallway. Then we emerged into the bustling place. Here it was, Heathrow International Airport, pretty much the largest airport in the world. Other than the rushing of people, nothing was familiar. I suddenly felt very alone. I remembered what I was supposed to do next: look for the family. The host family, whom I would be staying with. They were then going to help with my luggage and drive me to where they lived. I thought of how my mom had spoken with them on the phone to make the arrangements. They hadn't given her too much of a discription of how they looked. I just know there's a mom, a dad, an older boy, a girl about my age, and a little boy. My mom, however, had given them a very detailed discription of how I looked. I didn't think they'd need it, though - I was pretty much self-explanatory. I mean, being a lone, confused teenage girl wearing flare jeans, a denim jacket, and a shirt that said \"I Heart NY\" on the front. I heard voices calling out over the intercom what flights had just arrived and what flights were leaving. I hoped that the group I was supposed to be looking for had heard my flight when it was announced. I smiled. Everyone around me sounded funny. It was like I'd stepped into one of those shows I always watch on BBC. I wandered through the immense clusters of people, worried I'd never find what I was looking for. What if I got lost, and they had to send security guards around to look for me? A part of me was beginning to think I wasn't mature enough for this trip. Maybe Mom and Aunt Libby had been mistaken... I suddenly heard a sharp, loud whistle. \"Over here!\" I looked in the direction of the yell. There I saw an excited blonde girl, frantically waving her arms. She beamed when she saw me look and motioned me forward. I smiled with relief as I began to walk toward her. It was then that I noticed the people behind her. Standing there was a couple: A tall, handsome man with yellow hair like the girl's, his arm laced around a serene-faced woman with firy red curls piling onto her shoulders - both of them were smiling. The woman gripped the handles of a stroller, where a sweet little red-haired boy slept peacefully. Next to them stood a blonde teenager almost as tall as his father. He wore a huge grin as he held up a sign with the words Welcome Yank scrawled across it. I loved it here already. When I reached the excited girl, I extended my hand and began my greeting and introduction. \"Hi.\" I said, smiling. \"I'm -\" \"Meghan.\" The girl immediately finished for me, grabbing my hand to shake and giving me the widest grin possible. \"I'm Faye. Welcome to London.\" Well, there you go. I went pretty deep with Chapter 5, and it's also the longest chapter so far. By now you're probably starting to get an idea of the plot, and you may be wondering some other things too. Like what's going on with Catherine... The next two chapters will be up soon! Read them, or I'll sic Delila on you! Bye for now -rf-[Chapter 7] Well, here are the next two chapters! I'm not sure that I wrote them that well, but whatever. Thanks SO MUCH to the people who've reviewed! I'm so glad that someone likes my story! Before I get on with the chapter, I'd like to give some personal thanks: Allosaurous:You really think mine's the best? Thank you!! And you'll be happy to know that I've already recieved my ABWI (anti block writing immunization) lol peaches500: I'm so glad that you loved it! Believe me, I will keep going. By the way, I love peaches. They're sweet. :) cassiopoeia: Wow. You think my story's good without having even seen the movie? That's a huge honor, THANK YOU!! And I'm glad you think the dialogues are realistic, I try! Don't worry about bad things, you won't see a lot of them in my story. I like to stay happy at all costs lol. And keep working on The Refugee , it's really good and funny too:) Friendlyfangirl: Just a quick shout-out to you for being the first to give imput! You rock! Meghan was flattered. Based on the hearty welcome, she surmised that her arrival had been long anticipated and looked forward to. The very happy blonde girl, who'd just identified herself as \"Faye\", vigorously shook her hand as the rest of her lovely family stepped up. She then let go and sauntered a little to the side as her father took her place. \"Are you Meghan Reynolds?\" he inquired. \"Yes.\" \"Hello, and welcome again. My name is Laurence Winthrop, and this is my wife, Emma.\" \"Pleasure to meet you, dearie.\" Meghan kept smiling as she noticed another new accent. \"She's Irish, by the way.\" the man told her with a smile, as if he'd known what she was thinking. He then motioned for the second tallest to come nearer. \"This fellow's name is Anthony.\" \"Hello.\" he said breifly, with a look of boredom as he, too, shook Meghan's hand. \"And this little guy in the stroller - \" Laurence said with pride, gently patting the head of the sleeping child, \"- his name is Jacob.\" \"Hi, Jacob.\" Meghan said in a soft, sweet voice, giving him a little wave. \"We're very happy to have you - especially my daughter Faye over there.\" The man said, looking to the overly-excited young woman who could barely stand still. Then he chuckled. \"Actually, it was her idea that we take in an exchange student in the first place.\" \"Well, I'm very happy to be here.\" Meghan responded. \"And thank you very much for having me.\" The man looked impressed. \"Aren't you polite!\" He looked to his wife. \"Darling, we'll have to tell old Johnson down the road that we've found a genuine, well-mannered American teenager! Johnson, that bugger. Thinks he knows everything. If you ask me, he spends too much time down at the pub - \" His wife stopped him, gesturing toward Meghan. \"Oh, yes, terribly sorry. Well, come on then, let's get your bags. You must be very exhausted. We'll get you to a bed right soon.\" The couple and the stroller began to move, with the tall boy following behind. Meghan started to go with them, but someone grabbed her arm. She looked back. \"Let's walk behind them, so we can talk.\" The jumpy girl said. And so they did. Faye was a bit taller than Meghan, with her hair done in two braids that just barely touched her shoulders. She wasn't chubby, but wasn't skinny either. Her face glowed as she spoke with the foriegn girl she hoped to become good friends with. Meghan hoped the same thing - after all, they'd be living together. \"Did you have a good flight?\" she asked. \"Oh - yeah, I mean, yes, I did. Actually, I kind of fell asleep. But it was fine. Thank you for asking.\" Faye giggled. \"Do you always talk like that?\" \"Um...no.\" Meghan answered. \"I thought not.\" There was a pause. \"Well,\" Meghan offered, \"I can talk like I usually do, but you might not like it. I can be very obnoxious when I really get going. I mean I can just blather on and on and on without knowing when to stop. And then I get really loud - \" \"Don't worry about it. You don't seem very obnoxious to me.\" \"Ha - give it time.\" The two girls followed the couple and boys right up to the moving baggage. \"There they are.\" Meghan said, pointing to the ugly floral rolling case, the giant duffel bag, and the two old clunky suitcases as they slowly moved along the belt behind a giant cardboard box and a tied-up sleeping bag. The group immediately commenced to grabbing the the bulky objects. Meghan started to grab the rolling case, but was efforts were quickly intercepted by her companion. \"Now don't you take that. That's my job. You're our guest.\" she firmly stated. The special treatment was beginning to make Meghan feel a bit uneasy. She was used to doing things herself. If not for the fact that she was slightly zoned out due to exhaustion, she would've felt even more uneasy. But she let the case go. Empty handed save for her giant brown purse, she once again followed behind the red-haired woman pushing a stroller, the tall man carrying two cumbersome suitcases, and the teenage boy hefting the duffel bag over his shoulder as if it were nothing. Faye still preferred to walk next to her, dragging the wheeled floral carrier behind. She wasted no time in asking more questions. \"What city do you live in?\" \"Chinatown.\" \"Where is that?\" \"In New York.\" \"Is Chinatown like China?\" \"Yes, only much smaller.\" \"Do you like living there?\" \"Sure. It's very cultural.\" \"Is it like New York City, or is it a little town?\" \"Oh, it's a city. Believe me. Chinatown is really more like an annex of an even larger city.\" \"I believe you.\" The group was now walking outside, into the parking lot. The man talked endlessly to his wife, and the older boy marched behind them with a blank look on his face. \"Do you think you will like it here?\" Faye questioned some more. \"I think I will.\" \"Well, if you like the city, you will like it here. Do you like shopping?\" \"Oh, yes.\" \"Good. Becuase my mother and I are going to take you, after school on Monday. We're taking you sightseeing, too. We'd go tomarrow, but she's busy then and besides, you'll probably still be very tired. We're going to miss church this week so that we can get you settled in. You'll go with us next week. Tomarrow we'll get a better chance to get to know each other. Well, today, actually.\" \"Today?\" \"Yes, considering it's about 1o'clock in the morning.\" Meghan was shocked. She truly had lost her sense of time. \"Wow.\" Faye didn't really notice Meghan's surprise. \"You'll be staying with me in my room. Won't that be lovely?\" \"Oh, yes, very lovely indeed.\" The girl looked at Meghan with a questioning look. Then she smirked. \"You're very funny.\" \"Well, I try.\" They arrived at a large black station wagon, where the man proceeded tto open the trunk and load in the luggage. After Faye dispensed the rolling case to her father, she opened the car door and motioned for the traveller to climb inside. She climbed in after her, followed by her elder brother. Her mother climbed in on the left in front, father on the right. Little Jacob, now awake but astonishingly quiet, sat in his mother's lap. \"We don't usually put Jacob in the front like that,\" Faye laughed, \"but there's nowhere else to put him!\" Meghan prayed against the airbags. Mr. Winthrop promptly started the car. They were off to Meghan's new home. I was sleepy. Very sleepy. But I was still awake. And it was a good thing, too, because London at night is just beautiful. I wasn't sure if it was five minutes or an hour that passed, but soon we were passing by the huge parliament building, and then I saw the giant clock named Ben. From these things shown beautful light. I checked the time. It really was past one o'clock. And that certainly wasn't the only light I saw. Everything was lit, and there was surprisingly a good deal of traffic, even at this late hour. If Paris is called the city of lights, then it must really be blinding to outdo London. Like New York, it's a city that never sleeps. Like I've said before, I usually don't really get tired until late at night. Usually right around that time I'm just beginning to feel drowsy. But this time was different. I was jet-lagged, disoriented, and completely thrown off. And yet, I was still so full of bliss. I knew I'd get plenty of chances to see the sights, but I didn't care. I took in as much as I could right then and there, on the way to the Winthrop residence. And it was dazzling me. Already this place gave me the grandest feeling. Like I'd been whisked off to Neverland - and I don't mean Micheal Jackson's house. This was supposed to be the city Wendy left to get to a magical world, but I found this world magical enough itself. I knew already - I was going to like it here. A lot. The girl, Faye, must have seen the stars in my eyes, because her talking was brought down to a minimum. \"Beautiful, isn't it?\" I nodded. All too soon we came to a stop in front of an old, two-story brick cottage. I was too drowsy to observe very much, but I saw that the yard in front of the cottage was very small, and was surrounded by a wrought-iron fence. The proud man who'd driven us looked to the back seat. \"Here we are. Our home.\" he said. Faye's brother stepped out first, her second, me third. It hadn't been too long of a car ride, but I stretched just the same. Once again, nobody allowed me to even touch any of my bags. They all insisted on carrying them for me. Mr. Winthrop led the way through the little gate and up the pathway to the front door, followed by his wife and little boy, his oldest, and the girl who still acted as if she'd just poured a bag of sugar down her throat and had washed it down with a few bottles of Powerade. As I trailed behind them, I took in a deep breath of fresh night air. Even that seemed different to me. The man opened the door and we all followed him in. I was too tired to really bother looking around inside, and all I really cared about at that point was that somewhere in this house there was an open bed. I saw them making three of them making their way up the stairs, while the fire-haired woman and her little son went into the kitchen. I immediately followed upwards. \"You're going to like my room.\" Faye chirped. \"The walls are pink!\" \"Oh, yay, I like pink.\" I sleepily replied. As you can tell, I was beginning to lose it. Sure enough, when we got to the room I'd been designated to sleep in and a light was flipped on, I saw pink. And not just on the walls, either. Everything was pink. My bags were set at the foot of a wooden twin bed with pink blankets on it. Right next to it sat a white nightstand with pink flowers painted on it. On the other side of the room, I saw a little canopy bed, all decked out in pink ruffles. Another nightstand sat next to that. It was painted just like the first. I looked to the floor. It was dark wood, with a white rug little pink roses all over it. As I looked more, I saw that there were roses everywhere - in vases on the nightstands, printed on the wallpaper border, tied on the posts of the canopy bed. Where there weren't roses, there were teddy bears and china dolls, gobs of them . They sat in a row on a long shelf gracing one of the walls. On Faye's nightstand, there sat next to the vase a rosy-cheeked doll with a white bonnet wearing what else: a pink dress. On mine sat a small brown teddy bear. Okay, I know I said I was too tired to take in my surroundings before, but - geez! This much girly pink stuff was impossble to overlook! It was more fluff than I'd ever seen in my life. But hey, I was willing to sleep anywhere by then. Even on the dining room table. Just somewhere. \"Um, thanks for carrying my bags.\" I told them. I was told in return to think nothing of it. C'mon! Isn't there a such thing as too much hospitality?[Chapter 8] \"Well, here you are.\" Meghan's host-parent said as he lowered to clunky suitcases to the floor. \"Welcome to your room.\" Anthony, who'd pretty much been as silent as his napping little brother the whole time, immediately swung the duffel off his shoulder and dropped it to the floor with a thud. He then made a quick exit as his father went on talking. As many teenage boys do, Anthony only had one thing on his mind: food. More specifically, the roast turkey downstairs in the refrigerator. \"I imagine you'll want to be getting into bed straight away. Don't bother changing tonight. You'll unpack tomarrow. Go ahead and sleep in your clothes. If you're hungry, we've got turkey downstairs. Would you like us to warm some up for you?\" \"Oh, no, thank you. I ate on the plane.\" \"Right, wonderful. Well, you can go on to bed then. Faye will be doing the same in a few minutes.\" Meghan was relieved not to have to dig through her bags for her pajamas. As the others started out of the room, she suddenly remembered something she'd been instructed to do. \"May I call my family?\" she asked. \"I mean, to let them know I made it?\" Mr. Winthrop stopped. \"Oh - most certainly.\" And so, Meghan found herself on the phone back downstairs, struggling to hold her eyes open. She spoke to the operator. \"I need to make a collect call to the U.S., please.\" Soon enough she heard a familiar voice on the line. \"Reynold's residence.\" \"Mom?\" \"Meghan!\" Catherine's voice was crackly, but Meghan was, all the same, happy to hear it. \"Yeah, it's me.\" \"Did you make it there alright? We miss you already.\" \"Yes I did, and I miss you guys too.\" How true that was. How very true. \"How are you doing? Did the flight wear you down?\" \"I'm tired, but otherwise I'm fine.\" Meghan replied. \"Um, what time is it?\" \"Here? Oh, about 8 o'clock.\" Again the traveller was shocked. \"8 o'clock! That's crazy! Do you even know how late it is here?\" Catherine gave a knowing chuckle. \"No. How late is it, Meghan?\" she said teasingly. \"It's 1am! 1am! Do you believe that?\" \"No, I don't. I guess you're living in the future then, am I right?\" Meghan was beginning to feel not only tired, but ridiculous. \"Well, anyway, just wanted to let you know that I...\" She heard someone talking in the crackly background. \"Yeah, it's her. Hol - hold on.\" she heard her mom say, away from the phone. She came back on again. \"Wanna talk to your aunt?\" she asked. \"Oh - sure.\" Meghan began to feel a bit nervous and awkward as her mind touched on a certain object in her purse. She readied herself. \"Meg? Is that you?\" She took a deep breath. \"Yes, it's me, Aunt Libby.\" \"Hey! Did you make it?\" \"Sure did.\" \"Good. They treating you well?\" \"Of course. Too well, actually.\" Meghan glanced into the kitchen a few feet away, where Anthony hungrily sliced a slab of the turkey she'd been offered a portion of. Her aunt laughed. \"Oh, well, I'd expect that. So, you ready to come home yet?\" \"Not even! I'm just ready to go to bed.\" \"You sound like it.\" Meghan leaned against the wall. \"Well, anyway, I can't talk long - is Daphne there?\" \"Uh, sorry honey. She's in the shower. I'll have her call you tomarrow.\" \"Oh.\" There was a pause. \"Meghan...you did get my... \" \"Yeah, I did.\" Another pause. Meghan wasn't quite sure what to say. She searched her mind for words. \"Aunt Libby?\" \"Mmmm?\" The weary girl gave the best words she could come up with, packing them with meaning and sending them across the Atlantic. \"Thank you.\" By the time talkative Faye went to bed, she had no one to talk to. I was already long gone. I hadn't even bothered to turn down the covers. I'd fallen asleep right on top of them, with my denim jacket hanging over the footboard. I woke up in Foofy Pink Land at about 10am. Faye was tugging on her ruffly pink quilt, making her bed. I drowsily raised my head as she moved to arrange about a truckload of ruffled and tufted accent pillows in the shapes of hearts and circles. \"Oh, good! You're awake!\" she chimed happily. Propping myself up on my elbow, I brushed hair out of my face. I watched her through foggy eyes. \"Mother's making special breakfast downstairs. You're going to adore her hash...\" Faye's nightgown moved back and forth as she skittered around the bed. Her slippers flip-flopped against the floor. While she talked, I noticed some beautiful white shears flowing in the breeze that blew in through a slightly open window. The sun shone brightly through, making the pink room look luminous and calm. I was watching the dancing fabric when suddenly there came a huge thump on my bed. I snapped up with a start to see a big orange tabby next to my leg. \"Oh! Well, hi there.\" Faye laughed. \"His name is Benjamin.\" she told me before I could ask. \"Benny for short. I think he rather likes you.\" The cat plopped down and gave me a hard stare, as if in examination. \"He sure is big.\" I commented. \"That's because he eats everything in sight.\" Faye explained. \"And Anthony seems to quite enjoy sneaking him table scraps, which isn't any help.\" A look of disdain fell over her face. I was now completely sitting up. I gently reached out to stroke Benny's head with apprehension. He gave me a wary look, but allowed me to touch. Faye finished arranging pillows and sat on her bed. \"Did you sleep well?\" she asked. \"Hmmm...did I sleep well...I think I did. I mean, the last thing I remember is falling into this bed, so I obviously slept through the night. And...I guess I feel pretty refreshed, seeing as I can now peice together marginally coherant speech.\" Faye smiled wider. \"Very glad to hear that. You're going to want to be awake - there's a lot in store for you. Today, we're just getting you settled in, but tomarrow! What with the first day of school and shopping - oh, it'll be just brilliant! There's this store Mum and I love to go to, it carries the most sublime handbags! Oh, we're going to have the most wonderful time...\" I stood up and walked over to the sunny window, brushing more hair out of my eyes and behind my ears. As Faye went on talking, I pulled back the shears and looked outside. There view was very charming - not spectacular, but charming. In other words, just how I would want it. Behind the Winthrop house was a short fence, and on the other side of the fence I could see a small, grassy park. I didn't see any jungle gyms in this park, just walking paths, picnic table, and benches. But it was beautiful. Beautiful and green. The fence was wooden, and surrounded the entire back area of the house. I looked down and observed a grouping of lovely, well-kept potted plants. Also, I saw an outdoor table with chairs, near a barbecue grill. It looked much like our neighbor's roof back in New York, where we were often invited to join them for hamburgers. Mr. Therman, our neighbor and the cook, always made the best hamburgers; he beat McDonald's by a landslide. As I gazed out of the window, the sun warmed my face. The air was fresh and crisp as I took it in. As I watched an old lady walking her scottie dog in the park, Faye came up to stand beside me. She placed her hands on the windowsill. \"Isn't it a lovely park? I think so. We'll have to go there one day while you're here. Oh - did you see the lilies? They're quite gorgeous.\" \"Yes, they're very nice.\" I told her. Though I was glad to be so warmly welcomed by Faye into her room, she seemed a bit, well, perky to me. And usually, extremely perky people get tired of me pretty fast. I get along better with goofy people that look at life with quiet humor and optimism. Although, my cousin's pretty perky at times...I guess it depends on the person. I stared out the window at some trees at the other end of the park. We heard somone calling from down in the kitchen. \"Breakfast's on the table!\" I heard Faye's mother call in her lovely celtic dialect. \"Come on. Let's go down to eat. You're going to like this, my mother's an excellent cook.\" I could tell that Faye wasn't lying, for I could already smell something scrumptious. I turned away from the pretty window and followed my roomate, straightening out my rumpled NY t-shirt. We gingerly stepped down the stairs. As we passed into the kitchen, I glanced into the living room...or parlor...or den...or whatever, and I saw in there an old, chubby man with large glasses. He muttered to himself as he watched some weird sport on TV. \"Uh...who's that?\" I whispered to Faye as we walked. \"Oh, that's my great uncle Wallace. He can be a rather cantankerous fellow sometimes. Most of the time he just likes to sit in that room and watch cricket matches. He often yells at the television and throws crackers when someone he likes is losing.\" she said with a laugh. Intriguing. When we got into to the kitchen I saw the adjacent dining room with vibrant red walls. At the table sat Mr. Winthrop and Anthony, as well as Jacob in a high chair. Jacob was giggling sweetly as he banged a plastic bowl. As we got there, he dropped it on the floor and looked over the edge of his chair with confusion. I bent to pick it up for him, and he gave me a playful little smile. As I gave the bowl back to him, Mrs. Winthrop walked over, holding a huge tray of food. It looked delicious. \"Delighted to see that you're up, Meghan.\" she said, beaming. I sat down with Faye grinning next to me. I was more than ready to eat. Hope you all liked that! What do you think of the host family? I put tons of thought into their personalities. Next ones up soon! Bye until next time -rf- WARNING!!!!!: As of Tuesday, February 20th, 2007, I will be changing the title of this story from Best Friend to Never Too Late , as the current title is lame and only the best I could come up with at the time when I first posted my story. I hope this title is better, but no big deal if it isn't. Hope you guys keep reading no matter what, because that's what is really important. :)[Chapter 9] Hello! Sorry I took longer than usual to post this time - hopefully this will be worth your wait. Thanks to peaches500 for reviewing, you're awesome:) I should say first that this will be one of the few times I will post only one chapter. I'd planned on posting the usual two, but I've been poking along in writing them, and the next one's still unwritten. So, since I figured you'd waited long enough already, I decided to go ahead and post this one. Plus, it's the longest one so far, and it's also pretty deep. It touches on someone I've until now completely left out. I must warn you that this chapter does not end very nicely. But PLEASE don't think I've betrayed you - I'm still an optimist (as implied in my profile). The next two chapters will be brighter. :) Meghan followed the other girl up the stairs. The breakfast had been delicious, and now she was going to change clothes for the day. However, Faye insisted, not before she was to get an extensive tour of the house that she'd been too tired to recieve the night before. She had already been shown around downstairs, where she saw a very elegant sitting room, painted a sage color with cream chair-railing around the walls. The furniture in that room was traditional, but did not look old. Meghan thought the room was very sophisticated, and a good place to read a book. The kitchen walls were a spicy bright orange color. It went well with the vibrance of the deep red dining room, and it was a very fitting color for cooking. Now she pushed herself up each stair, trailing after Faye. \"Up here is the bog - I mean, bathroom, and my two brothers' rooms, and the master bedroom. I imagine you're not too interested in seeing Anthony's room...\" Just as Faye uttered those words, the door to a room down the hall went abruptly shut. Apparently, someone had beaten them up the stairs, and wanted to convey a clear message that his room was off limits. Faye made a face while Meghan stood in confusion. \"Right, just as I thought. Don't worry about him, he's nothing but a wanker.\" The tour guide led Meghan further down the hall. \"I'll show you the bathroom. It's very pretty. Mother and I decorated it one day, and oh, we had so much fun! The wallpaper in there is just gorgeous, you'll really like it. And we found the loveliest little soap dish in a china shop just down the road...\" Meghan let Faye go on and on, while she checked for herself. It really was a rather charming little bathroom. It was decorated in light blues, with a navy paisley design on the walls and a periwinkle diamond pattern on the shower curtain. She looked at mentioned soap dish, and agreed with Faye that it was indeed quite lovely. It was white, with a sweet little china goose in a blue bonnet perched on the edge. In it sat dainty little molded soaps in the same blue color, each one shaped like flowers. Meghan nodded as Faye rambled on. She was led into yet another room. \"This is Jacob's room.\" This room looked every bit like a kid's room, and Meghan grinned. There was an obvious theme: fire trucks. There was a fire truck mural on the wall, a fire truck bedspread, and toy fire trucks all over the floor. Even the bed itself was shaped like a fire truck. Though Meghan was sure she'd gone fire truck crazy, the room was still very sweet. \"Dad made that bed for him.\" Faye said. Through the ramblings, Meghan heard that remark. She gazed lovingly at the carefully crafted wooden bed that was painted red, black, and yellow. What a wonderful piece of furniture that was. The tour at its end, Faye turned back and walked toward her bedroom. \"Do you think you'll remember where everything is?\" she asked with a chuckle. \"I probably will. Hopefully, I won't get lost.\" Meghan answered. Faye laughed as she opened her closet. \"You can change in the bathroom.\" she said. \"And then I'll help you unpack.\" Meghan flipped open a suitcase. About fifteen minutes later, she came out of the bathroom, her hair in a messy bun. She sported a bright blue peasant top, along with faded denim flares. Faye was also dressed, in (what else) pink. She wore a pink and white striped tank top with a rose-colored skirt. Even her flip-flop sandals were pink. As for her hair, it was done in the same two braids as before. Three drawers were open on a very large dresser. \"You can use these drawers for some of your things.\" she said. \"The rest you can put in there.\" She pointed to the closet. Meghan was happy with that plan. She started to put some socks in one of the drawers when Faye cried out in excitement. Meghan jumped. \"Look! Oh, my, isn't he adorable?\" Frazzled, she looked where Faye was pointing. There sat Benny, the fat orange cat, right in the suitcase, on top of the rest of her socks. Seeing as above mentioned housecat had taken residence in also above mentioned clunky old suitcase, I was forced to move on to another peice of luggage while Faye struggled to contain her overjoyed thrill. This case held the miscellaneous things I'd packed for pleasure and to remind me of New York and all that jazz. I decided that this stuff would go in the second drawer, and possibly the third drawer, if there wasn't enough room in the second drawer. I withdrew some CDs along with a CD player to play them on, last year's yearbook that I'd brought to show off, my favorite novels, and so on. I also put in the drawer my spending money (which still had yet to be converted into the appropriate currency), and some informational guides, such as The Tourist's Guide to London, English Etiquette for Dummies, How to Keep from Unknowingly Making Offensive Actions and Ticking People Off In Any Country, and The Complete Dictionary of British Slang Terms. I made a mental note to look up the term wanker . Though I was pretty sure I knew what it meant. I continued to place things into the drawer. Faye had finally been able to calm down, and was now helping me transfer the objects. Of course, she was brimming with curiosity. As I placed in a handheld Blackjack game, she spoke up behind me. \"What's this?\" she asked. I looked to see her holding up a thick little blue book. \"Oh, that's a photo album. You can look at it if you want -\" Faye was already sitting down with the book open. I smiled and went on unpacking. \"Oh, my!\" she exclaimed. \"You look so much like like your mum.\" \"Huh?\" I walked over and sat down next to her. The album was opened to two pictures side by side, from my 15th birthday party. Faye was pointing at a blonde woman who had her arm around me in the picture on the right. I laughed. \"That's not my mom. That's my aunt. Her name's Elizabeth. Everyone calls her Libby, though.\" I pointed at Mom's face in a picture of all four of us on the opposite side. \" That's my mom.\" \"Really? Well, you do have her hair.\" That was true, I did have my mom's hair. And I guess it's true that I look like Aunt Libby - believe it or not, people say that all the time. My hair is, like, a super dark brown, almost black even. It's really wavy - not curly, but wavy - almost like it's been permanantly crimped. It's a different color than Daphne's - hers is more of a chestnut. I'm also about half a head shorter than Daphne, because my mom's very petite. And like Mom, I have hazel eyes. Aunt Libby has blue eyes, Daphne has brown. Other than that, there aren't many physical traits I inherited from my mom, and people are always mistaking me for being Aunt Libby's daughter. They say that we have about the exact same facial structure, except that my eyes are bigger and my jaw's more defined and junk. \"Who is that?\" Faye questioned, pointing to a laughing girl who sat on one side of me in the left picture, smearing chocolate cake on my face. My mom sat on my other side. \"That's Daphne. She's my cousin.\" \"She looks very lovely.\" Also true. Daphne looked lovely, in her own unique little goofy way. In that picture she was wearing some very frayed denim flare jeans that were torn in places, a long, flowy black top, and a fuzzy orange sweater we found at the thrift shop next to Crazy Wong's TV Emporium. That was her style, sort of hippie-rocker-anything goes. Her mom's like that too, only more hippie and less rocker and a lot more skirts. The long and flowy kind, of course. Me - I pretty much like any style, as long as it isn't depressing and morbid. Like this one girl Myra at our school (her real name is Katelyn, but she won't let anyone call her that on account of it being too \"happy\"), she wears nothing but black, all the time, complimented by skull patterns and these fake fangs she had put in her mouth. I could never do that. I mostly prefer to dress in nice colors that are bright but not over the top or flashy. I'm a bit more girly then Daphne, but I'm certainly no Britney Spears. She and Louis Vuitton and all those losers can go bite some twigs. And Mom? Her style is actually pretty chic and sophisticated. She's a lot more into fashion than I am, but in a refined and tasteful sort of way. Like she actually knows what she's doing when she coordinates an outfit. Faye turned the page. \"Who are they?\" she asked. I looked at the picture, where she pointed at two people - a man and a woman, who were gracefully aged but full of vigor, and really looked about ten years younger than they actually were. The woman was plump but not fat, standing in a light pink jogging suit with her grey-streaked auburn hair flowing in the breeze. The man also grinned, with perfectly combed over white hair on his head. He was fully decked out in a yellow and khaki golf outfit. \"They're my Nanna and Grampa Shore.\" I told her. \"They adopted my mom, when she was five.\" Don't bother asking me anything about that, because I wouldn't know (another thing my mom really prefers not to go into). I just know that with me and my grandparents Shore, it's a love-is-thicker-than-blood kind of relationship, which works more than perfectly. And let me tell you, they're pretty hip grandparents. They're extremely active. They went skydiving just two months ago, and bungee-jumping a year before that. And they ride their bikes together every day. They're environmentalists, too. A recent purchase they made happened to be a hybrid car, and they've got solar panels on their roof. Patricia Shore (Nanna) is also a huge fashionista (or at least thinks she is), and somehow has a certain way of attaining new stuff from Prada, Dior, Juicy, Dooney & Bourke, and others before it even hits the market. Don't ask me how that is, either. I mean, even Grampa (his name is Russ, by the way) has no idea where she gets it all. The only thing he really cares about is that it's coming out of her pocket, not his. And if you ask me, I don't think she has to pay as much, either. Faye kept turning pages, and I explained more pictures of my family, as well as some of my friends. She saw a picture I took of Mom one night in a green facial mask, one of Aunt Libby singing at my math teacher's wedding, one of me & Daphne in one of those teacups at Disneyland. As she turned to one of us all trying on kimonos, she laughed another joyful laugh. \"Your family is very silly, isn't it?\" I smiled. \"That's an understatement. We went bowling in those kimonos.\" That made her laugh even more, and I did so along with her. For a long while, Benny watched us from his position inside my suitcase, while the other case and the two open drawers remained doormant and untouched. I told the bowling story and more, spilling out long tales with each picture to this girl I barely knew. The photos certainly weren't in chronological order - it went from Daphne and I at age seven running through sprinklers to us picking flowers at age three to us at our junior high graduation. Each time Nanna popped up, she had a different hairstyle; she changes her hair a lot. Nanna's morphing hair always makes me laugh, and it made Faye laugh, too. More and more, it seemed like either Faye was coming more down to Earth, or I was getting more perky, because looking at those pictures took away the awkwardness I'd felt between us before. I found myself no longer talking in my dry, polite way as before, but now talking as I always did in New York , however rambling or obnoxious it was. And Faye certainly noticed. She asked more questions, questions I was now more interested in answering. \"So you live in an art studio? \" she asked me. \"It used to be an art studio. Not anymore though. But there still some old paint splatters on the walls. We could paint over them, but we actually think they're kind of cool. They have sort of a history, so we've kept them the same.\" \"Your aunt can sing?\" \"Oh, yes. She has the best voice in the world.\" \"Your grandparents skydive? \" \"They sure do. And they cliffdive.\" \"You have chinese lanterns in your bedroom?\" \"Mmm-hmm. Mrs. Chang gave them to Daphne and I for free, because there are tears in the back. But we put Scotch tape on them, so now they're okay.\" With every discription, Faye became more intrigued. She told me stories, too, about how her dad met her mom in Ireland, how Jacob had almost been born in an elevator, how her uncle Wallace had once been chased by a pack of weasels and they'd caught the whole thing on film. When we were done with this album, she told me, we would look at one of hers. I was still laughing about the weasels when Faye asked another question. \"Who's this?\" I looked at the picture, a picture that had been taken at a portrait studio. There were three people in the picture. The first was a beaming brown-haired woman in a white sweater, eyes sparkling. One of her hands rested on the shoulder of the second person, a little girl with the same wavy brown hair pouring down to her elbows, a tooth missing in her joyful smile. She sat in a powder blue dress, with a silver heart locket around her neck. The third person, the one Faye was pointing to, was a handsome man with golden hair and the most warm, gentle, loving kind of grin you could ever see. The US Army uniform he proudly wore was clean and crisp, and a bright band of gold gleamed on the ring finger of his left hand. That strong hand rested on the little girl's other shoulder, and the man's eyes shown with compassion for two people he loved very much. I found myself twisting my eyes away, facing another direction, reaching up to finger a smooth, silver object that rested on my chest. I felt my throat compress, lock up my voice...I had to remind myself to breathe. I knew that the kind person next to me was waiting for me to respond. I knew also that the same kind person that sat next to me would become nervous if I didn't respond. So I made myself take in enough air to free my throat, make me regain my senses, my calmness, my control. And then I told her. \"His name is Aaron.\" I breathed. \"My father.\" Well, sorry about the damper. But believe me - it's not what you might expect! ;) Next two will be up soon, if I can get my dead lazy back end up to write them lol Peace out -rf-[Chapter 10] Finally! The next two chapters are up! It's about time, huh? Now, we finally get to see Meghan go to school. And to say the least, she meets some very interesting people. Chapter 11's a little short, but...I think you'll still find it interesting. So here you are, read on :) Oh, and when you're done, please (I can't stress this enough) review, review, review! It'll encourage me to write more and update more often! PLEASE!!!!! A girl stood staring, with traffic bustling behind her. A knee-length navy and red plaid skirt moved slightly against her leg in the breeze. Her feet wore polished black shoes with buckles. On top, the girl was clad in a crisp, ironed white collared shirt with black buttons. Over that was an even more crisp navy jacket, with a very prestigious-looking crest in gold embroidery on it, near the girl's right shoulder. She softly brushed off her left shoulder, glancing at the image on that side - a patch. An American flag. The girl was Meghan, and she was staring at a building. The Jasperstone Academy for Girls. The name was fitting, for the building was certainly made of stone. Grey stone. Meghan was actually staring from just inside an iron gate, at the school that looked like a palace. She was completely in awe. All this...for an essay? She thought. In a few seconds another girl came up beside her, adjusting a black shoulder bag, which Meghan also had. It had on it the same crest as was gold embroidered on the jacket, only on the bag it was larger and screen-printed instead of embroidered. With the bag resting against her waist, Faye looked to her friend. \"Are you ready, Meghan?\" Meghan looked back at the teenager who was dressed exactly like her, save for the flag patch. The left side of Faye's jacket was blank. \"Ready as I'll ever get.\" she replied. And so they began to walk forward. Meghan resisted the urge to roll down her knee-high white stockings as she took in what surrounded her. Everywhere, girls dressed just like them were walking about. Some of them were in groups, laughing and talking. Some of them were rushing around by themselves, clutching schoolbooks. But they all seemed to be there for a common purpose. And even though Meghan looked exactly the same as they did, she still felt like she stuck out. Nervous, she stood up straighter as she walked. At least Faye was there. How lucky that she, too, attended this school. Only, she had attended it for three years - this would be her fourth, and final. \"Jasperstone is a private school...right?\" Meghan had asked her the night before. \"Yes, even though all schools here have uniforms, even public schools.\" Faye had answered. \"But not everyone can go to Jasperstone Academy.\" \"Well, who can?\" Meghan asked. \"You have to be able to afford it, or to be smart enough to deserve to have someone else pay your way.\" Faye said this with a bit of a proud smile on her face. And then she had explained it further. She said that the student populous of this school could be divided into about three parts. Half of the students there were just plain rich, and could afford to pay the tuition - either that, or their parents were terrified of the public school system, and both worked more than one job to get the money needed to keep their children out of it, but that was very seldom for this school. Then there was another three eighths who were also rich, but rich because they were children of politicians and nobles, or of members of parliament. These \"future debs\", as Faye called them, were typically bigger snobs than the just-plain-rich people, because they thought their breeding made them better than everyone else. It was pretty much a given for them to attend Jasperstone, Faye added, if they weren't tutored. The eighth that was left was the part that both Faye and Meghan were members of - the scholarship students. Faye's smile had returned and had gotten bigger when she mentioned this. Why? Because as it turned out, Faye was practically a genius. Crazy, jumpy, perky, happy, overenthusiastic Faye...was smart. Really smart. Smart enough to nab a full-ride scholarship to a very high-esteemed girls' academy. Who would've thought? Certainly not Meghan. She was very impressed. \"There are a few other scholarship students,\" Faye added, \"but not many.\" And every year, there were two girls who were separated from all the rest. They were the exchange students, and this year Meghan was one of them. Actually, altogether, there were four every year - two each semester. This was because the exchange programs were never willing to pay more than a semester's tuition for any one person to one of the most expensive schools in London. And guess what? Turns out, The Jasperstone Academy for Girls hasn't had an American attending since 1997. As if there weren't enough pressure already. But Meghan was up for it - at least, she was pretty sure she was. So now they were walking into the school that looked more like an embassy. Faye opened one of the huge, gleaming double doors, and they stepped inside. More girls chattered in clusters scattered through the halls. As she and Faye walked by, she saw a few people looking at her in wonder. She could hear them talking to each other in low voices: \"Who's that girl?\" \"I don't believe I've seen her before.\" \"It's an American.\" \"Is she lost?\" \"Oh my, isn't she short?\" \"She's not as short as you, Sheridan.\" \"Are you mad? She's much shorter!\" \"I think not.\" Meghan stood up even straighter, but was unable to stop her face from burning, just a bit. Faye kept walking, until they reached a door that had the words \"Head Office\" printed on the front. \"Wait out here.\" said Faye. \"I have to get my classes. You'll be staying with me today. Won't that be fun?\" \"Oh, a blast.\" Meghan answered, a little sarcastically. But she was relieved to not have to be going solo today. She needed at least some time, to get used to this place. And it was nice to have Faye to guide her. Perky as Faye was, she was a friend in Meghan's eyes. She sat down on a bench by the door while the blonde went inside. Meghan began to twirl her brown hair, which was down today and neatly brushed, around her finger. She tried to calm her nerves. \"Oh my, it's her!\" I looked up to see three very excited girls coming toward me, dragging along another girl whose expression looked more like mine - leery and apprehensive. Her face had a small, shy smile on it, while the others had smiles so wide they'd probably end up stuck that way. \"You're the other exchange student, aren't you?\" One girl chimed. \"That would be correct.\" I told her. \"Oh! You're the American! Faye was telling us about you!\" another said. \"Uh...you know Faye?\" \"Of course we know her! She was talking to us just the other day, about the girl from New York who's moving in with her! You're...Meghan, right?\" \"That's me.\" Quickly, the girl who'd just asked that question pulled over the shy-looking silent one. \"This is Ayaka, the exchange student from Hong Kong. She's staying with me.\" Ayaka had black hair and black eyes, and I could tell she was of Asian decent. It surprised me to see that near her left shoulder, on her jacket, was a patch of a red flag with a white flower on it. It was exactly where I wore the stars and stripes. One of them, with brown hair almost as dark as mine, sat on the bench beside me, staring at me intently. \"Did Faye leave you here...all alone? \" asked the girl next to me on the bench. \"No, she's in the - \" SLAM!! I heard the door to the office come closed, hard. Faye shuffled out, her face practically glued to the paper she held in front of her. \"Ooooohh! I can't believe they put me in Harlison's again! \" she fumed. \"I can't stand to put up with him for another - EMILY!!!!!\" \"FAYE!!!\" My host sister and Ayaka's host sister sped into each other's arms, jumping with glee. \"Oh! What classes do you have?!\" \"Let me see yours!\" \"OH! We have TWO CLASSES TOGETHER!!!\" \"Brilliant!!!\" Two of the other girls were there in a second, leaving the girl from Hong Kong behind with me. \"Samantha!! Bridget!!\" \"Faye! Let me see that paper!\" \"Wait, let me!\" \"Oh my...YOU HAVE FIVE CLASSES WITH ME!\" At this point, I was beginning to think that the world was being overrun with Faye clones. I looked away from the jumping mob. Ayaka was standing there in front of me. \"Aren't they something?\" I asked her. \"People here are pretty energetic, don't you think?\" The girl just grinned. It was then that I realized - she probably hadn't understood a word I'd just said. Then again, they probably wouldn't have let her come here if she didn't know at least some english...oh, I don't know. I was just confused. Still am. Eventually, Faye came back down from Planet Yip and dragged her lovely friends back over to us, the foreigners. \"Oh, Meghan, I'm sorry. My manners! This is - \" \"Emily, Samantha, and Bridget.\" I said, pointing to each of them in order. Faye looked surprised. \"Why...yes. How did you know their names, Meghan?\" I looked at her a second, then shrugged. \"Lucky guess.\"[Chapter 11] Strangely enough, Daphne hadn't called last night. Though Meghan wished she had. She hadn't heard her cousin's voice in two days - she was pretty sure she was beginning to suffer withdrawal. No, the only voices Meghan was hearing at the moment were those of Faye and her chattering friends, who at the moment were bombarding her with questions. \"What's New York like?\" \"Noisy.\" \"Have you ever been to Hollywood?\" \"No, but my mom has.\" \"Do you eat at McDonald's every day?\" \"Uh...no.\" \"Have you gone to the top of the Empire State Building?\" \"Ten times.\" \"Do you have any pets?\" \"We had a hamster once, but it ran away.\" \"Is your family nice?\" \"Most of the time.\" \"Do you like your school?\" \"Not really.\" \"How is the food there?\" \"Sick. Nasty. Wrong.\" It was kind of nice to have all that attention. Meghan felt special, to have experienced something that they hadn't, but that she normally took for granted. They would've gone on asking questions if a huge, almost ear-shattering ringing hadn't sounded at that very moment. Meghan instinctfully covered her ears. At her school, there was just a generic, computerized twang that wasn't nearly as loud. Here, a bell actually sounded like...well, a bell. Instantly the preceding bustle was amplified about twelve times. The voices of Meghan, Faye, and the others were all at once overcome by the sound of girls rushing to their classes. Meghan saw them fast-walking with their eyes fixated on their papers, the ones that listed their designated rooms. They clutched their books like their lives depended on it, almost tripping over each other in their frenzy. For the first time, Meghan was reminded of home. When the bell rang, Faye was forced to say goodbye for now to her friends. The ones whom she called Samantha and Bridget ran off together, while the one called Emily grabbed the eastern girl and dragged her down the opposite way. Then Faye grabbed me, and I was dragged off in about the same fashion. \"Come on, Meghan.\" She told me. \"We mustn't be late.\" I tried to respond, but my voice drowned in the crowds. Faye dragged me, and I hurried. My feet were already beginning to ache in those hard, black shoes. I wanted my Converse sneakers. I wanted them very badly. I told myself that eventually, Faye would pull me into one of these rooms, and we'd both sit down, and we'd be safe. I told myself that sooner or later, we'd come out of this swirling vortex of navy and red and clompy black feet. You know that feeling you get, when you just know something's about to happen? That the thin little thread you're walking on is going to snap? Like when you're playing Jenga, and you pull out one more piece of wood, but the whole rickety tower starts to move with it, and you know it's about to come crashing down? That's the feeling I got. It lasted about three seconds. CRASH! I slammed right smack into another girl. The girl fell over backwards. I lost my balance and fell with her. I was still grasping Faye's hand, so she tumbled as well. Faye knocked over two other girls. The crowd scattered. Fortunately, the domino effect ended with those other two girls. But damage had already been done. The onlookers seemed to be stunned into silence, as if Elvis had just come back to life and was standing right here in this hallway. In a pink dress. Somehow, I knew I'd made a huge mistake. I immediately rolled off of the initial victim. I sat up and brought my hand to my forehead, feeling dizzy. My face burned. I couldn't pick myself up right away. But the other girl could. And the other girl was raving mad. \"How - how DARE you?!\" she spouted. \"How DARE you slam into me?!\" \"I...I'm sorry...I didn't mean...\" \"You insolent , careless, ignorant SWINE! Whoever you are, I am going to make you regret ever setting foot in this academy! You imbecile , you wretch, you...\" I brought my hand down from my forehead, which was now starting to sweat. \"Bloody YANK!! \" I looked away. It was then that another girl picked herself off the ground, disoriented, brushing herself off. The shouting one noticed. I looked up again to see a smirk spread across her face. \"Fray Windbag.\" she sneered, her voice lower but just as cold. \"I should've known you'd be involved. You and your barbaric companions. And it appears there's a new member of the horde. Congratulations on obtaining another mindless exchange student to brighten your dismal, insignificant life.\" Faye looked away. I stood up. I'd gone from embarrassed and regretful to angry and defensive in the course of a second. \"Hey.\" I said, looking the other girl straight in the face. \"If you're going to insult someone, at least get their name right. Fray? Windbag? Have some dignity! Or are we back to being seven-year-olds?\" The snotty girl stared at me, and narrowed her eyes. Then she had a look of indifference. \"Touché, American.\" she said. \"For that, I will look away. Consider this a warning.\" She then turned and began to walk away, perfectly primped golden hair swishing behind her. About five other girls trailed after, giving me dirty looks. Everyone else stared in wonder as they started again on their way to class. And Faye and I were left, staring after the prissy blonde and her zombie followers. Now pretty much feeling I ruined my first impression to the Jasperstone student body, I no longer felt nervous. Only stunned. I stared for a long time, even after the stuck-up group turned a corner and disappeared. \"Who - who was that?\" I asked, turning to a disgruntled Faye. Her face seethed with pure disgust, fire burning in her eyes. For the first time, she was at a loss for words. She said only three. \"Clarissa.\" she told me. \"Clarissa Payne.\" Well...there you go. Bet you expected that one. But oh well. Sorry I skipped so abruptly from the scene in Faye's bedroom. Don't worry, though - the subject of Aaron WILL come up again later. So don't be mad:) I'd like to apologize ahead of time for any cultural things I may screw up or have screwed up in this story, to anyone who knows more about England than I do (or, heaven forbid, actually lives there). I have never been there, so I don't know much, though I wish I did. I'm just going on what little I do know, and otherwise kind of winging it. So please forgive me if I get something wrong. Also, sorry for the lame name for the school, it was the best I could come up with. :P -rf-[Chapter 12] So sorry I tooknso long again! Here are the next two chapters! Christine Writer,nthanks SO MUCH for your review! You're the first one to do that in anlong time! I'm glad you thought I brought Clarissa in the right way,nand that I picked a good school name - I had thought both werencheesy. And Conformed was an awesome story - hope you writenmore WAGW fics:) Anyhow, asnalways, read & review!! Delila and all her old lady friends KNOWnWHERE YOU LIVE!!!! I now understoodnwhy Faye so disliked Mr. Harlison. Sitting here next to her in hisnclass (her first for the day), I got the complete picture. See, this guy wasnpretty much an equal mixture of grouchiness and weirdness. Kind ofnlike a mangy, wild chihuahua with one leg. Or something like that. Let me see if I canndescribe his image for you. This guy was short and stumpy, with hisnshirt tucked, like, way into his creased brown pants. He had ansuper-long frizzy gray beard as well as glasses that hung around hisnneck on a chain, and when he'd grab at his glasses to put them on hisnnose, they would get caught in his beard. When this happened, henwould make this strange little noise at the feeling he'd get when thenhair was pulled. And of course, on top he was bald, though he triednto hide it with a combover. His personality wasnno better. He liked to lick his lips and then call on some randomngirl by their last name (which he'd always mispronounce) and addn\"Miss\" to the beginning to answer some cryptic question ornproblem he'd written on the board. His voice sounded rather like thatnstuffy guy on Masterpiece Theater (or maybe it's spelled as Theatre , I'm not sure) who sits in a leather tufted chair andnsmokes a pipe and acts like he has the world's best taste in moviesn(I beg to differ). So anyway, therenwas Faye with me next to her, and she was just mumbling to herselfnand trying to scribble out whatever was supposedly being taught, andnthen... BAM! This idiot decidesnto slam a metal yardstick against her desk and practically give her anheart attack. She snapped up. \"MissnWinthrop!\" he bellowed. Shaken, she lookednup at him. \"Sir?\" \"Tell me thenanswer to that problem.\" he said, pointing to the board, wherenthere was an incomprehensible math problem written in chalk. Poor Faye examinednthe board from her seat, squinting her eyes at Mr. Harlison'snchicken-scratch writing. She seemed to process the information, butnunfortunately took too long to do it. \"Wrong!\"nhe shouted. \"Perhaps your friend can tell you. You there!\"nHe pointed his stick in my face. \"Can you provide the class withnan answer?\" With that, I had nonchoice but to turn to the board myself. I struggled to read. Sin...something...cos...something...xnsquare root of y...4pi minus 2...log9... It might asnwell have been asking me how to get to Sesame Street using thentime-space continuum vortex. I wouldn't be surprised if it had been. \"Uh...seven?\" The grumpy teachernlooked as if he would spontaneously combust. \"It is mostncertainly NOT seven. Why are you not taking notes? Get out yournnotebook.\" \"Um...well,nsee, this really isn't my class, and I'm only going to be in here fornone day, and...well, this is all Greek to me...\" \"Stop! I donnot care what language it is written in, you will write what is onnthat board and you will LEARN it! Then, perhaps, you might acquirensome intelligence!\" I scrambled to getnout the notebook I'd brought with me, now becoming extremely sickenednby Mr. Harlison's demented, lip-licking soul. \"Mindlessnexchange student.\" he grumbled to himself as he turned to walknback to the board. It was the second time today I'd been callednmindless. It was really starting to tick me off. Just then, thenincredibly loud ringing sounded once again. Though ear-shattering, itnwas a welcome sound for me at the time. Faye and I stood up to walknwith the rest of the class out of the room, and we couldn't get outnof there fast enough. So once again wenwere swallowed up in the crowd of schoolgirls. I saw a lot of themnstaring at me. Some of them had stares of disgust, but most justnstared in wonder. It didn't bother menas much as it could have. I'd been through worse. I'd been scornednbefore. And besides, I was a New Yorker. Hard to bend, almostnimpossible to break. However, looking tonFaye, I surmised that she was having a much harder time than I was.nAnd really, her downed expression only got worse. And it was hard tonblame her. When people pointed at me, they pointed at her. When I gotnleered at, she got leered at. That guilty feeling came back to menagain. And the classes?nWell, for the most part, they were all pretty much the same. Thenteachers were either boring, strict, or both. Usually both. And thensubjects were not very easy to understand. Of course, all of Faye'snclasses were, like, extra high level, so I expected them to be hard.nBut I imagined that my classes wouldn't be much easier, since beingnstrict seemed to be what this school was all about. So when Fayendragged me into, oh, about her fourth class of the day, I asked her anquestion. \"Faye,\" Inasked, \"why do you even go to this school? I mean, there are sonmany snobs! Wouldn't it be more fun to go to a regular school?\" Still beingnstrangely less talkative, Faye looked at me. Then she looked away,nand sighed. \"I've askednmyself that question, Meghan, hundreds of times. But then I think tonmyself, Faye, if you left, you'd just be giving them what they want.nAnd it doesn't catch my fancy to give them that satisfaction.\" Well, okay then. Inwas rather expecting something along the lines of, \"It willnprepare me for college.\" or \"I like to challenge myself.\"nor \"It's a place where I can grow to my true potential.\". But frankly, Inliked her answer the best. It was time fornthe lunch break. Faye led Meghan outside, into a courtyard thatnwas, of course, surrounded by wall. Nevertheless, itnwas a beautiful courtyard. There was grass, trees, and lovely littlenstone benches and picnic tables. There were some flowers as well, andneven a water fountain in the very center. Girls were everywhere,nwalking, gossiping, eating their dainty little meals. Meghan was oncenagain in awe. At her school, there was just a noisy cafeteria thatnsmelled like salami. And if you didn't want to eat in there, yournonly other choices of places to sit were on railings, graffitiednwalls, and the occasional dumpster. Here, even the foodnservice was ritzy. And the food itself was certainly better as well.nWhen she and Faye had gotten their trays, she was shocked to see thatnher meal for the day would be sliced roast beef and gravy with corn,nand soup on the side. The roast beef even had a garnish on it. A garnish. And soon,nMeghan was reminded of Faye's other reason for staying on at thisnschool - her talkative clones. Immediately after they had receivedntheir lunch, the two girls were surrounded by Emily, Samantha, andnBridget, with Ayaka at Emily's side. The chattering began again, andnFaye seemed to return to her old self as she chattered along withnthem. Meghan smiled tonsee Faye come back to life. She and Ayaka trailed behind the fournchirping birds, making their way to one of the stone tables. Theynsat, and Meghan hungrily cut into the roast beef - but not beforenremoving the garnish. While Faye and hernfriends blathered on, Meghan became lost in thought. About howndifferent everything was. Like how so many things here looked oldernand more refined. Or how everyone seemed to be far more patient andncontent with their studies. Or how delicious this roast beef wasncompared to the infamous mystery meat. \"How aboutnyou, Meghan? Meghan?\" She looked up. \"Huh? Oh, I'mnsorry. I kinda missed what you said.\" The enquirer,nSamantha, giggled. \"We werentalking about summer. I was asking you what you did.\" Meghan smirked. \"Oh, nothingnreally. Just a lot of laying around. Tried to get a tan. It didn'tnwork.\" The four girlsngiggled some more and went on talking. Meghan lost track of theirnconversation again. She looked aroundnat her surroundings. The uniforms, the trees, the stone, thenfountain. It made her feel lovely, and sophisticated. Meghan still feltnout of place. Very out of place. But she didn't really feel likenrunning off to hide under a rock, never to emerge again. At least, not yet.[Chapter 13] Faye had sevennclasses. That's how many incomprehensible lessons Meghan had tonsit through before that last horribly loud bell signaled the end ofnschool. And it was a goodnthing, too. Her mind was exhausted. She followed Fayenas she led her out of the building and toward the front gate. Shenstill caught people's eyes fixated on her. Whatever. Shenthought. Let then stare. Besides, she had shopping to looknforward to. They stood outsidenthe school for a time, waiting for the black station wagon to pull upnand take them away, away to romp around London. While they waited,nFaye noticed some other cars as they pulled up. Most of them wereneither luxury cars or...limos. LIMOS. And then there werenthe few girls that just walked on down the street. Apparently, theynlived nearby. Meghan wondered where their chauffeurs were - if theynlived in this part of town, they certainly must have some money. The only houses Meghan could see in this area were mansions.nIn the car on the way to school that morning, she had easily noticednthe transition as they drove out of the middle-class neighborhoodnwhere Faye lived and into the high-class part of the city where thenacademy was located. But then shennoticed who the girls were. Faye's friends. \"Faye.\" \"Mmmm?\" \"How come yournfriends are walking?\" Faye looked up. \"Oh, they walknhome every day. Samantha's parents are always working. Emily andnBridget are scholarship students like me, but both of them live nearnSamantha, so they walk home with her to keep her company.\" Meghan bent hernhead a bit. \"Oh.\" shensaid. She suddenly felt sorry for Samantha. She knew how she mustnfeel. Meghan had felt that way before, too. But before shencould think anymore, the big black car pulled up right in front ofnthem, with Emma Winthrop in the driver's seat. Faye opened the doornto the back seat, and motioned for Meghan to go in. \"Oh, we'rengoing to have the most wonderful time! First we'll gonshopping, then we'll eat at a restaurant, then we'll shop some more,nthen maybe we'll see a movie, then - \" \"I know, Faye,nI know. We'll have fun.\" Faye closed thendoor behind her, and soon the car began to move. Meghan stared outnthe window, still in disbelief that she wasn't back in New York, innbed, asleep and dreaming. London certainly had the traffic of NewnYork. But of course, school had just gotten out. She expected fornthere to be crowds. But wait a minute.nWhat was going on over there ? About, oh, a hundred yards away,nit was also extremely crowded. Cars were everywhere, opening up theirndoors for people to get in. But Meghan could see no girls, no girlsnin their navy-and red uniforms. She did see uniforms, though. Just nonskirts. As the stationnwagon drew nearer, Meghan noticed that the cars were gathered aroundnanother huge building surrounded by a stone wall, much likenJasperstone Academy. Yes, another wall with big iron gates that ledninto a palace-like structure. When they got close enough, Meghan readnthe big letters attached to that wall: The MorrisnBrenshire School for Boys Meghan wasnintrigued. Very, very intrigued. Man. WhennFaye said we were going shopping, she wasn't kidding. Seriously, Inthought Mrs. Winthrop was going to wear out her credit card. I'dnnever been on such a spree. And by about an hour later, those punkersnat Jasperstone couldn't be farther from my mind. We hit about twentyndifferent stores altogether. They were pretty classy, too. Cutenlittle boutiques. And that one store Faye was raving about? As itnhappens, it really did have the most sublime handbags. I got ancute little barrel-shaped purse in a teal color. I got a second onenin orange for Daphne. Faye, of course, got one in pink. Handbags certainlynweren't all I saw. In fact, I ended up getting about four completenoutfits (including the shoes!). My favorite one is a cute littlenchocolate brown sundress with blue flowers, accented by brown and tannespadrilles and a blue beaded necklace. It goes perfect with thenhandbag. Oh! And all of usngot these cute little hot pink berets, which we wore as soon as wengot them. They were being sold at a little booth outside of one ofnthe stores for £1 each, so they were pretty cheap. I got onenfor everyone at home too - I figured they'd go well with our kimonos. So anyways, by thentime we took a break to eat, our arms were completely loaded downnwith bags. We stopped at a charming little café, and atenoutside at a little table in the sunshine. I was in a state of utternbliss. I was shopping in England, and eating at a little café.nIt was something straight out of one of those daydreams I always havenin Algebra class. And then a thought entered my mind. If I wake up, andnI'm in Algebra class, I'm going to SCREAM MY EVER-LOVING HEAD OFF. Three women satnoutside The Cottage Garden Café, eating little sandwiches andnsipping hot tea. Except for Meghan, that is - she'd requestedniced tea, which she promptly drank with her pinky finger sticking up.nIt made Faye giggle to see her do so, before joining her Mom in anshort little applause. \"Thank you,nthank you.\" Meghan said with a smile, before sucking an ice cubeninto her mouth to chew on. \"Sorry, couldn't resist.\" shentold them. They didn't seem to mind. A conversationnquickly began. Mrs. Winthrop told Meghan about her job, as a weddingnplanner. \"I've been tonlots of weddings.\" Meghan said. \"My aunt sings at those,nand sometimes my cousin and I get to help out as waitresses, to earnnsome extra spending money. I've met a lot of planners, too. They'renusually, like, really stressed out, until they see the bridenand groom dance with each other. Then, you can tell by the look onntheir faces - to them, all is right with the world.\" Mrs. Winthropnbeamed. Meghan couldn't have been more right. Then Faye told hernabout Laurence's job. He owned an eating establishment called ThenCrystal Spoon. \"It's a four-star restaurant! Very refined, very fancy. And the foodnis to die for! My father hired the best chefs on the planet - you'llnsee! You'll get to eat there loads of times while you're here.\" Meghan would benlooking forward to that. In turn, Meghanntold them about her mother's job. She worked for a huge business, asnan assistant to an executive. \"She majorednin business in college. Her job is okay, but I don't think she likesnit very well. You know what I think she really wants to do?\" Faye and her mothernwaited with interest. \" I thinknshe wants to be a fashion designer. I mean, she wears the bestnoutfits! They're perfect for her - cute, but mature andnsophisticated. She's great with colors and fabrics. And sometimes, Ineven see her scribbling sketches on napkins and little memo pads.\" Faye's face glowednwith fascination. \"My aunt,nthough - she loves her job. She's been singing all her life.nShe even has her own band.\" \"Really.\"nEmma said with a sly smile. \"Well, we'll have ta have her comenan' sing for one o'my weddings then, won't we?\" Meghan laughed.n\"Yes, I think she'd like that.\" By now, they hadnfinished their meal. They stood up to leave and resume their shoppingnextravaganza. All of a sudden,nthey heard noises. Bustling. They turned around. From their positionnby their table at the café, Meghan, Faye, and Faye's mothernsaw a huge crowd, quickly gathering at the steps of a large building.nFrom all around, people rushed as if they were being chased by dogs.nErratic flashes came from here and there, along with much yelling andnshouting. Meghan stared innwonder. Something was definitely going on. Ooooh...suspense.n:) I've beennnoticing lately that, when I post two chapters, the second onenusually gets more hits than the first one. So in case some people arena little confused, I just wanted to make it clear - unless I specifynotherwise, for this story, I post two chapters at a time. I postednanother chapter, the previous one, at the same time I posted thisnone. So if any of you think you might have skipped a chapter, younmight want to go back and check. Sorry for the confusion! I'm going onnvacation next week, so I'll try to get the next two up before I go.nBe on the lookout! Farewell tillnnext time -rf-[Chapter 14] OMG!!!! I am SO angry with myself! I said I'd try to post earlier, and instead I take longer than ever due to unforseen circumstances. ARRRGGGGHHHH! I'm so sorry! But I know that what you really want is the story, so I'm just going to quit blathering and get on with it. Hopefully, these chapters will be worth your wait. :) Much thanks again to Mimzy and cassiopoeia for their reviews! Not a word was said. Nothing needed to be said. Focused on finding out the reason for all this fuss, Emma Winthrop had immediately started toward the crowds and the flashes, motioning for Meghan and Faye to follow. They did. Shopping bags bounced as they shuffled along. Meghan lagged behind the most, for it was hard for her to run in those hard black shoes. Many other people were running, too, and she was almost separated from Faye and her mother. The cobblestone ground sure wasn't making things any easier. Meghan came close to tripping and spilling newly purchased merchandise all over the area. Eventually, all three of them were able to make it to where the bulk of the people had gathered. The crowd was dense, and very pushy. Cameras were the source of the flashes, but neither Meghan nor the Winthrops could see what it was that was being photographed. Too many people were in the way. Emma tried to stand taller and peek over the others' heads, but to no avail. Energetic Faye jumped up a few times, and seemed to be having even worse luck than her mother. Poor Meghan just tried to stay close, and was becoming more and more nervous and anxious as even more people joined the crowd, closing her in. How unfortunate it was that she had to be snapped out of her sweet reverie of shopping and tea and loveliness, only to be engulfed into this boisterous mess of reporters, photographers, and antsy citizens. Meghan was quickly becoming irritated. What, is Oprah here or something? Suddenly, the noise seemed to come down. Though the camera flashes never ceased, the crowd became more still, and Meghan felt a bit of relief. Faye and her mother, however, were not satisfied with their current positions. They pushed their way deeper into the crowd. After some hesitation, Meghan followed. As she herself pushed through, she looked for the people she'd come with. They were nowhere in sight. Meghan was beginning to panic. Quickly, she picked a direction and pushed on further. She stumbled through the mass of curious people, repeating the same phrases over and over. \"Excuse me, sorry, oh, excuse me, I'm sorry, pardon me...\" With each step she took, Meghan felt more uneasy. She heard someone begin to speak. A speech. That's what these people had gathered to hear. Oh, happy politics! Politics had gotten her lost in this mess. She was not amused. At last, after much pushing and shoving and bumping, Meghan saw another Jasperstone uniform, and some blonde Dorothy-style braids. Apparently, the relentless Faye and her fire-headed mother had made it all the way to the front of the crowd, and they looked quite contented to be there. Meghan let out her breath, which she'd been holding, and her anxiety along with it. All she had to do now was listen to this boring speech that she was sure would probably make no sense to her whatsoever, and then, they could get back to their shopping. She pushed through to stand beside Faye. \"There you are!\" Faye said in a low voice, somehow still in a sing-songy way. \"We were afraid we'd lost you!\" Meghan straightened out her clothes, and readjusted the bags on her wrists. Amazingly, she had been able to squeeze through despite the bulkiness of her packages, and hadn't lost even one little trinket. Quite an accomplishment for a girl who'd had almost no idea what she was doing. \"Yes, Faye, I found you.\" she said, still looking at her jacket as she adjusted it. \"But I would've never gotten lost if you hadn't - \" She looked up, and her breath caught stone cold in her throat. \"If I hadn't what?\" Faye asked. But Meghan didn't hear her. Meghan couldn't hear anyone but what she thought had just been some stuffy blowhard making a speech. But no...no, it wasn't some stuffy blowhard... \"Meghan?\" She couldn't believe it. She was staring straight into those eyes...Daphne's eyes... \"Meghan Reynolds, you answer me this instant!\" It wasn't television, or photographs, or stories - this was real life. It was him. It took snapping her finger in front of my face for Faye to get my attention. Man, I had really zoned out there for a second. Thing is, though - now I know what Aunt Libby felt. Faye was still pressing me on whatever I'd said earlier. I told her never mind, since I really couldn't remember what it was anyway. I then presented her with a new question. \"Faye...w-what's going on?\" She looked at me like I was dense. \"Why, Lord Dashwood is making a speech, that's what's going on!\" Thank you, mistress of all that is obvious. \" Why is he making a speech, Faye?\" Faye looked indifferent. \"He's running for office this upcoming year.\" \"Office?\" \"Office.\" Well, if that wasn't interesting. Funny, Daphne always was good in Speech & Debate class at our school. She once took down Kianna Dawson in a rousing debate over appropriate skirt lengths on campus. She had answered one question by saying, \"Free at last, free at last, thanks to miniskirts, we are free at last!\". Ah, good times, good times. I hadn't noticed it before, but the brown-haired man wasn't alone at the podium. He was surrounded by four people. Nearest to him was a rather conservative-looking woman, flashing a smile that looked kind of phony to me. Next to her stood some bald-headed weirdo that kind of looked like Shakespeare's evil twin (no insult to Shakespeare intended). He was downright creepy. On the other side of the podium, a few feet away, another woman with graying blonde hair stood. She looked very distinguished and regal, as well as gracefully aged. Seeing the fourth person almost made me lose high tea. I am not even kidding. It pains me to even mention it. Yes, friends, it was my great misfortune to find that the person standing near the dignified-looking woman was none other than Clarissa Payne . All decked out in tweed and everything. I was stunned out of my hard black shoes. \"W-what's she doing here?!\" I demanded of Faye. Before she could answer, I had the most disturbing, most horrible thought you could ever imagine. My stomach lurched. \"Oh, no...no...Faye, PLEASE tell me she's not...\" Faye half-chuckled. \"No, Meghan, she's not his daughter. He doesn't have any children.\" Wanna bet? I thought. \"The sad thing, though,\" Faye went on, \"is that she will be his daughter soon. Or, well, stepdaughter. He's getting married.\" How many times in one day must I feel like my soul is plunging? \"M-married?\" \"That's correct. It will be his first.\" How unfortunate, how awful, how heartbreaking it was that after seventeen long, lonely years, the man still hadn't married - but that he was picking now to do it. \"Wh-who's the lucky woman?\" I stammered, my throat knotting up as I held back tears. \"That's her right there.\" Faye replied, pointing to the conservative woman. \"Her name is Glynnis.\" I stared at the phony face that had replaced my aunt. My wonderful aunt, who I loved and respected so very much. She deserved to be standing there, with Daphne at her side. But instead, there was this high-and-mighty oppressor who thought she owned the world. That face was nothing short of gruesome to me. \"It's too bad, really.\" Faye commented. \"He's such a decent man. He doesn't deserve to have a daughter like Clarissa. She's a witch, and all of London knows it. And personally, I have my theories on her mother as well.\" I guess it was kind of wishing too much to think that my aunt's true love would hold her in his arms and be together once again. But you would still hold out that hope, you know? And to find out once and for all that it really was too late, that the love was lost forever - it was a little too much for me to take. I couldn't stare at that face anymore. \"Faye.\" I said. \"Please, can we go?\" She turned to me. I guess she noticed the anguish in my face, for she motioned for her mother to leave, and she complied. The three of us made our way back into the crowd. For a moment, I had a feeling that someone was watching me. But the last thing I wanted to do was look back.[Chapter 15] merrymeg727 : daphs u there laffytaffydaphy45 : MEG!! I miss u so much where r u? merrymeg727 : in wonderland. how bout u? laffytaffydaphy45 : same as ever the land of many eggrolls lol LilJJ99wazupNYC : sup what u fine ladies doin this evenin? merrymeg727 : josh get out of here LilJJ99wazupNYC : aw i was just gettin started wanna see how the josh man wins a womans heart? laffytaffydaphy45 : no please leave LilJJ99wazupNYC : alright but you ladies r missin out on a fine hunk o man oooh im so fly merrymeg727 : EWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!! laffytaffydaphy45 : omg make it stop! LilJJ99wazupNYC has left the room merrymeg727 : well now that that's over laffytaffydaphy45 : i miss u so much please come back merrymeg727 : i miss u too daphs u have no idea laffytaffydaphy45 : i've got 2 know how is london? merrymeg727 : i love it here but i still miss NYC. why u not call me laffytaffydaphy45 : oh yeah i couldn't im so sorry merrymeg727 : what happened? laffytaffydaphy45 : ur aunt was scatterbrained thats what happened merrymeg727 : my aunt is always scatterbrained what she do now? laffytaffydaphy45 : she said i would call but we're only supposed 2 have one phone call a week she forgot merrymeg727 : WHAT i didn't know that laffytaffydaphy45 : u r supposed 2 be immersed in a new culture remember? the program wants us 2 limit our calls well at least that's what ur mom told me. plus it costs a lot of money merrymeg727 : man that bites :P laffytaffydaphy45 : whatevs lets just talk how r they treating u? merrymeg727 : extremely well laffytaffydaphy45 : thats good to know. r u having a good time? merrymeg727 : 4 the most part yes. hey did u talk 2 aunt libby? laffytaffydaphy45 : about what? merrymeg727 : u know what! laffytaffydaphy45 : no i didn't talk 2 her why? merrymeg727 : r u sure u didn't talk 2 her bfore I left? laffytaffydaphy45 : yes im sure meg what r u talking about? merrymeg727 : ur mom gave me some stuff laffytaffydaphy45 : what stuff? merrymeg727 : oh just some stuff ;) laffytaffydaphy45 : u know what meg u need to stop being so vague merrymeg727 : oh c'mon just guess laffytaffydaphy45 : i give up merrymeg727 : fine ur no fun. she gave me ur birth certificate ya happy? laffytaffydaphy45 : ...? laffytaffydaphy45 : why would she...? laffytaffydaphy45 : wait laffytaffydaphy45 : OMG:0 merrymeg727 : finally u get it laffytaffydaphy45 : omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg meg r u serious?! merrymeg727 : i m very serious and she gave me some pictures too laffytaffydaphy45 : i cannot believe this omg this is crazy :0 merrymeg727 : i agree laffytaffydaphy45 : what r u going 2 do i mean...wow merrymeg727 : i dunno what do u suggest? laffytaffydaphy45 : ME?! what r u asking me for?! merrymeg727 : he's ur dad dimwit laffytaffydaphy45 : i m not a dimwit thank u very much merrymeg727 : i know that lol :D laffytaffydaphy45 : i know but ur right though i shouldn't be putting it all on u merrymeg727 : argh no don't worry about it im here 4 u laffytaffydaphy45 : good i would not survive otherwise merrymeg727 : oh im sure u would find a way laffytaffydaphy45 : doubt it. but still what r u gonna do? merrymeg727 : im not really sure...somethin will come laffytaffydaphy45 : thank u so much this means a lot 2 me merrymeg727 : i know but daphs? laffytaffydaphy45 : yeah? merrymeg727 : maybe there's something I should tell u merrymeg727 : daphs? laffytaffydaphy45 has left the room[Chapter 16] Hello! After an eternity, the next two chapters are finally up. So...I hope you like them! Many thanks to Christine Writer, good guesses! Coco Puffs to you anyway for being the one person who actually guessed at all. The answer won't be revealed for a while, so keep trying! By the way, those of you who're wondering about Ian - don't worry, he'll show up. I won't be fixing him up with Meghan though, wink wink. ;) Shoot. Just when I think I'm gonna get the chance to talk to Daphne (even if it's through cheesy IMing), I am thwarted yet again. Here's the thing. I, merrymeg727 (I put 727 in my screen name because 7 is my shoe size and 27 is the age I want to be when I get married. Daphne put 45 in hers because she has 45 guitar picks in her collection.), am in a predicament. Really. Now, you may be wondering something: Why, during that speech, didn't I just run up to the podium, deck that hussy Gladys in the face, and shout, \"Alas, alas, this woman is unworthy!!!\". Well, here's my answer. I am not insane. I may end up that way, however, because this entire situation is CRAZY. Why me? Why must I be in this position? I GO TO SCHOOL WITH DAPHNE'S EVIL STEPSISTER!!!!!!! I still stand by what I said before. I still firmly believe that somebody needs to tell that poor man the truth, so that he can acknowledge the existence of a life he helped bring into this world - namely, my cousin, whom I've had the privilege to associate with throughout all my seventeen-some-odd years. It's a privilege that more people deserved to have. And I also still firmly believe that it is only fair that Daphne get the chance to be a daughter not just to my scatterbrained aunt, but to someone else as well. But I've said this before, and I'll say it again: What in all this world do I have to do with ANY OF THIS?! I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing! My cousin is now depending on me - but I don't know what to do. If I just went to his mansion thingy, march right up like I promised Daphne we'd do together - what, exactly, would I be walking into? Faye says there's decency, but how much decency? Because if ANY of them were to reject Daphne, they too would be decked. I don't care who you are - you hurt my cousin, you get it from me ten times worse. But for some strange reason, this guy does not strike me as being that way. I don't know. I've only seen him, like, twice, but sometimes it doesn't take much to tell something about a person. And seventeen years have gone by, and only just now comes the prospect of marriage. Maybe, just maybe...for a certain blonde woman, this man waited. The thing is, though, you can't expect a person to wait forever. And...I certainly can't expect Daphne to wait forever. I'm just not sure I'm the one who should be doing this. I'm just lowly little Meghan Beatrice Reynolds. I'm nothing special, really. Just confused, and frankly, terrified. But this is what Daphne wants. No, what she needs . And if I'm the one who's supposed to give it to her...well, okay then. Meghan stretched, and let out a long sigh. Her feet hurt from walking all day in those clompy shoes. Thank goodness she'd brought her fluffy green St. Patrick's Day slippers with her - they sure felt good. She was staring at the screen of the computer in Mr. Winthrop's home office. It was now seven o'clock, and she and Faye were alone in the house - save for Jacob and Uncle Wallace. After the big shopping spree, Emma had gone off to help out her husband at the restaurant, which she often did. Anthony had gotten Jacob from daycare, and had been watching him until the girls got home. Now, he was off at a friend's house, and it was Faye and Meghan's turn to look after the toddler. Uncle Wallace was watching a cricket match, as usual. Meghan had landed on some website she was trying to decipher, but she was having a hard time concentrating on the text, and even the pictures (they were very interesting pictures, mind you) weren't holding her interest. Her mind was acting as it typically did - off on other things. An amusing thought made her smile a bit. This day, she had been angry with math, and then politics - now, she realized, it was the internet that was her newest target of blame. For it was the internet, with all of its wonderful but terribly intrusive flashy boxes, that had lured her into a situation that was very much over her head. Actually, it was the media in general - television had played a part in things as well, what with those lovely British news programs. But even with all of the adversaries she faced - so far, besides arithmetic, social issues, and the media, the list included: noisy nose-blowers, hard black shoes, crowds, a snotty blonde girl, spitty teachers with long beards, garnishes, more crowds armed with cameras, a giant Barbie in a business suit, possibly Shakespeare's evil twin, and a cat named Benjamin, who'd just hawked up a hairball on one of her fluffy slippers - Meghan still didn't feel complete regret, because she loved Daphne so much. And it felt special to be close enough with her that they could share anything with each other, and have complete trust. She closed the Internet and opened WordPad. Lazily, she tapped some random keys... \"Meghan?\" She jumped. Quickly she turned around to see someone standing in the doorway. \"Yes, Faye?\" The girl paused. \"May I come in?\" Meghan stared for a moment, a bit puzzled at Faye's tone. \"Of course!\" she promptly answered. Hesitantly, the questioner advanced. As Meghan turned in the swivel chair, something caught Faye's eye. \"Oh, what lovely slippers! But... why is one of them wet?\" \"Your cat.\" Meghan said simply, thumbing over her shoulder to the corner of the office, where Benny looked to be hacking up yet another wad of fur. \"Oh, bother.\" Faye said with disdain. \"We'll have to give him some more medicine tonight before he goes to sleep.\" Meghan smirked. \"Where's Jacob?\" \"He's sleeping at the moment. I gave him mashed carrots. That always puts him out.\" She sat down in another chair as Meghan swiveled back to face the computer, resting her chin on her hand. \"Erm...Meghan?\" Still tapping on the keyboard, the brunette turned her head. \"Is...something wrong?\" Faye asked. Meghan thought. \"No, Faye, there's nothing wrong. Why do you ask?\" she said calmly. \"Well...you just seemed a bit strange earlier, and I was wondering if you were feeling sick.\" \"Ha!\" Meghan mused. \"Trust me, Faye, if I were sick, you'd know it.\" \"Well, is something bothering you, then? Do you miss New York?\" \"No, not quite yet.\" \"Then is there something else?\" Meghan smiled, and rolled her eyes. \"Faye.\" she said, \"What nonsense is this? Don't you worry your genius head about me. I'm fine. Tough as nails, that's how I was raised. So let's be perky, okay?\" Still wearing a smile, she gave Faye a soft, reassuring look. Faye was temporarily distracted, thinking of how much, at this moment, Meghan looked like that smiling blonde in the blue photo album. Such a serene, soothing, radiant face. It was uncanny, really. But she soon came back to her senses. \"Alright, Meghan, if you're sure...\" she said, unconvinced. Meghan could tell that Faye was still worried, but for the time being, the questioning was over. She turned back to the garbled junk she'd typed on the monitor: jrirtkrentuudgdjrb3tufhgsjeh5arbotadhhashoityrriuojjtjndbsgr8i7!$&(((!! She smiled again, and held down the delete key. Faye stood up, and waltzed to the computer. \"Are you writing something?\" Such a short sentence for such a talkative girl. Meghan didn't like this version of Faye. Sure, she was hyper, but that was who Faye was. And strangely enough, the hyperness didn't annoy Meghan at all now, if it ever had. In fact, it kind of cheered her up. She had hardly been here two days, and already she'd grown used to the lighthearted chattering. She wanted some now. \"Actually...yes.\" Meghan replied. \"I'm going to make a list, of all the best stores in London. Would you like to help me?\" Faye's eyes widened, along with an excited grin. \"Oh, WOULDN'T I?!\" And just like that, she was off. Meghan beamed. She'd succeeded. Here's some advice. If you want good food, eat at the Winthrops'. Seriously. I mean, I know that the English have been stereotyped as being extremely picky eaters who survive on nothing but tea and watercress sandwiches, but I'm here to tell you: that is so not true. At least not for this family. That night I had some very delicious roast chicken, with a side of carrots (the magic put-Jacob-to-sleep food, only these weren't mashed), and a dinner roll on the side. To drink, I got apple cider. Faye says that they have apple cider every Monday. Nice...something to look forward to on what's usually the worst day of the week. \"So, Meghan,\" Laurence quipped, \"are you enjoying yourself so far?\" \"Mmm-hmm.\" I answered. \"Sure am.\" He smiled. \"Very good. Glad to hear it.\" I took another bite of my scrumptious food. \"I see you like the chicken.\" he said. Looking up, I nodded. I did indeed like the chicken. \"I cooked it, you know.\" Mr. Winthrop stated, with a bit of pride in his voice. \"Oh, hello, I just had a thought. How would you like to try some more of my cooking - at my restaurant?\" Faye practically shot out of her seat with excitement. \"That's just what I was - \" \"Calm down, Faye. Now, would you like that, Meghan?\" I smiled. \"I would like that very much.\" Laurence seemed very much satisfied. \"Good, then. How about this Friday night - it will be a special family dinner. What do you think, Emma?\" \"Wonderful idea.\" replied the red head, a forkful of carrots near her mouth. I concluded that this Friday night would be a very pleasant night, for me and others. Pleasantness - just what I needed. I took another bite of chicken. \"Awwck!\" Startled, I looked up. The noise had come from the den, where I saw crackers flying across the room. Yes, yes... I was right at home.[Chapter 17] It was early Tuesday morning. A young man stood leaning against a stone wall, staring at a palm pilot. He looked up for a moment and scanned the busy area, then looked at his watch. He was waiting for someone. All at once, a black car pulled up right near where he was standing, and another young man stepped out, dressed much the same as the first. He ran his fingers through his blonde, curly locks of hair and chuckled. \"Staring at that palm pilot again, are we, Luke?\" A smirk spread across the face of the copper-haired one who'd just been teased. \"What else am I expected to do, John, while I'm waiting for you to show up?\" he countered. \"Well put, my friend. I suppose we all have our faults - mine happens to be tardiness. Yours happens to be stuffiness.\" There was a grimace. \"Stuffy? Me?\" \"It's true! Always with your nose in some book or toying with some object - you neglect to remember that not everyone has the funds to go blowing frivolously on unnecessary gadgets.\" \"Oh, don't give me that. You're as filthy rich as everyone else in this dump of a school, and you can't deny it.\" The golden-haired boy shook his head. \"Honestly, I just don't understand you, Lucas Brenshire. You've got all the girls chasing after you, just the sight of you brings all the debs to their knees, yet all you can ever be bothered with is the day's agenda. Or if not that, then your fingers are glued to your guitar...\" He finally quit his jabbering long enough to notice that his friend's eyes were no longer fixated on his handheld device, but on something else. Looking in the direction of the stare, he was puzzled to find that it came to a rest on a girl in Jasperstone uniform, walking quite a few yards from where they stood. He gave his friend a look of perplexion. \"Why are you staring at Faye Winthrop?\" At first, there was no reply. A thought process seemed to be taking place. Then, the curious one opened his mouth to speak. \"Faye Winthrop, you said?\" \"Yes, the girl in braids. I believe her mother planned the Harrison wedding.\" \"Wait, no. Who is that girl with her?\" John looked again. He then noticed a rather petite girl with short, wavy brown hair in layers blowing in the breeze. She walked alongside the other who was initially mentioned, and also looked to be headed for JS Academy. Another moment of thought occurred, as the more talkative of the two young men worked to place the girl's identity. Suddenly, he laughed. \"Oh, that must be the new exchange student from the States! The one who crashed straight into Clarissa Payne just yesterday! Everyone's been talking about her!\" John was given a funny look. \"Do you know her name?\" \"Not...quite sure. Something with a K, I believe. Or possibly a T...\" Realizing he'd never get a relevant answer, the one with the gadget stopped listening. And it was just as well, because his friend's voice was soon drowned out by a loud, irritating ringing. The palm pilot was put away, and the two boys straightened their navy jackets as they turned through the gate toward their place of education. For a second, however, the brown-haired boy couldn't help but steal one last glance... \"You honestly expect me to go in there?\" Two girls stood in front of a door with \"Headmaster\" labeled across it in bold, black letters. \"Why not? I was in there just yesterday!\" \"I know, but the word 'Headmaster'...I dunno, it just sounds a little intimidating.\" Faye pondered that for a moment. \"Regardless, Meghan, you have to go in there. To pick up your class schedule. You can't stay with me today - \" \"I know, Faye, you told me that. But I'm a little nervous to go in there.\" \"Oh, bother, there's nothing to be scared of! Go on! Off with you!\" Faye even went so far as to give Meghan a gentle push, through the door as she opened it. \"Alright! Fine! Have it your way.\" Meghan smoothed her skirt and marched on in. Inside, there was a desk, where a middle-aged woman with glasses sat reading something. Meghan walked up to this desk, still a bit apprehensive. \"Excuse me.\" The woman looked up. \"Uh...my name is Meghan Reynolds, I'm an exchange student. I'm here to pick up my classes.\" Immediately, the one with glasses smiled, and Meghan was instantly calmed. The smile was warm and welcoming. \"Ah, yes. Let me get that for you, dear.\" Meghan was glad that the person giving her the schedule was not doing so with malice. She watched the sweet lady get up from her seat and go into a room somewhere in the back. As she turned to lean against the desk while she waited, and interesting sight met Meghan's eyes. On the wall, right next to the door through which she had come, was a painting. This painting was a large painting, and was almost as tall, if not taller, than Meghan was. In it was a picture of a very regal-looking woman. And seeing this picture of such a woman struck a sharp note in Meghan's mind. Man...I know I've seen you somewhere... The schoolgirl went closer. With each step, the woman in the portrait kept on with her dignified stare. She was wearing a lavender bluish beaded dress. Grey hair touched her ears, and a sparkling tiara graced her head. Meghan could even see a bit of a smile radiating from the woman's face, making her persona seem proud but not at all arrogant or cold. Her mind raced as she tried to think of a name, but none came. Suddenly, a bit of a glint caught her eye. It came from a gold plate that was screwed into the wall directly beneath the painting. It was engraved. Meghan bent in to read it. Lady Jocelyn Abigail Landers-Dashwood Graduate of the Jasperstone Academy for Girls Class of 1951-1955 Wow. That was a very long name. But it certainly gave Meghan her answer. This must be... \"One moment!\" she heard the woman call from the back. \"I'm having a little trouble finding your papers.\" \"It's alright.\" Meghan said vaguely, eyes still fixated on the woman. Again, she had been hit with surprise. But this time, it wasn't so bad. She now knew what an honor it truly was to be attending this school. You have a granddaughter. Meghan thought. And I'm the only one in this entire country who knows it. It was funny how people in this family kept turning up absolutely everywhere in Meghan's life. Everywhere. \"It's a beautiful portrait, isn't it?\" Meghan quickly turned, startled. She immediately saw the kind office woman, standing right near the desk with a schedule in hand. \"Oh, yeah, I - guess it is.\" Meghan answered. \"Such a wonderful woman. Was a Jasperstone student herself. She still loves the school dearly. Comes to visit about every few months.\" \"Visit?\" \"Oh, yes. Loves to see how things are going. She's a very generous benefactor to the school as well. Donated three thousand pounds just last year, some scholarships too. It's nice to see someone actually putting wealth to good use.\" Well. This was interesting. \"Here's your schedule, miss.\" \"Oh! Thank you.\" Meghan immediately took the paper. \"I wish you luck. It may be scary at first, but if you try hard enough, you should do well.\" Meghan smiled. \"Thanks - for the advice, I mean.\" she said. She began to walk toward the door. \"By the way,\" she said quickly, turning back for a brief moment. \"Are you the headmaster?\" The woman chuckled. \"Oh, no. That would be Mr. Raspron. His room is in the back.\" Meghan's face went a little crestfallen. It didn't really matter, though - hopefully, she wouldn't be coming to this office again. She turned back, and looked at the painting one last time. Meghan smiled. I will meet you soon. I promise you that. At that very moment, Meghan suddenly heard a crash in the background, and what she believed to be a British expletive. She ran out the door. You know what? This is just great. Brilliant. Fantastic. Not. Why the sarcasm, you ask? Don't worry, I have an excellent reason. I just found out that I have to take a PHYSICAL EDUCATION CLASS. This is screwy for me, because I thought I'd been finished with that - ever since the eighth grade. See, at my high school, they got rid of the physical education class, because it was costing them too much money. Plus, they found out that the female PE locker room supervisor was actually a cross-dresser. But hey, that's what you get for being desperate, as they were, and hiring some new guy on the spot for a lower salary. I've heard that his high, girly voice was actually quite convincing. ANYWAY, I'm very ticked off. Even Faye doesn't have to take this class, because her grades are so high that they let her opt out. So today, I was given this very ugly PE uniform that consisted of a tank top and super short shorts. It, like my regular uniform, is navy and red. I asked them if I could wear sweat pants and a t-shirt instead - you can guess their reply. And that's not everything. I also found out that I, too, have Mr. Harlison. Though it's a lower level math class than Faye's, I'm still very annoyed because the level of math has no effect on the haughtiness of that idiot teacher. If anything, he's even worse. I want some eggrolls. Please, somebody, get me some eggrolls. Or pizza. That will do.[Chapter 18] Well, hellonthere! Sorry again for the long wait, but a lot of events have beennhappening recently and the writing just wasn't fitting in. Finally,nthough, I was able to sit myself down and write some more, and nownI'm back in the swing. I have a suspicion that you're really going tonlike these chapters, too - especially Chapter 19, which is short butnvery eventful:) Meghan walked intonher fourth class of the day relieved to be out of the crowds.nIt was English class, with someone named Mrs. Blithe. As amusing asnit was to think about that last name, Meghan was still feeling verynirritable, and getting more irritable by the second. She'd justngotten out of her PE class, and was sweaty and exhausted. Quickly, she lookednfor a chair. There was one near the front. She walked over andnpractically fell into it. Then, she put her head down, resting it innher arms. She was beginning to calm down when, all of a sudden, shenheard sniggering not far behind her. Meghan raised hernhead for a moment, and the sniggering stopped. She took a deep breathnand lay down again. More sniggering. Again, Meghannraised her head, and that action had the same effect as before. Shenlowered it again. When morensniggering commenced, Meghan finally sat all the way up, and turnednto look behind her. Her drowsy eyes met the stares of three girls.nWith that, Meghan's condition went from bad to worse. There she was. Yetnagain. In the middle, right at the back of Meghan's row, in betweenntwo of her very snobby friends. The blonde from the black lagoon. \"And just whatnare you staring at?\" the monster said with a smirk. Taken by surprise,nall Meghan could do was just keep on staring. Then one of themnstarted giggling again, and they all joined in. Quickly Meghan turnednaway, and was now staring at the bustling teacher as she wrote on thenboard, apparently completely oblivious to what went on behind her. The bell rang. Asnif struck by lightning, the teacher immediately turned around sharplynwith her back arched straight up. The class went immediately silent. \"Thank you.\"nshe said, as she picked up her roll sheet. Mrs. Blithe then adjustednher glasses, and began to read. Now, Meghan didn'tnreally pay attention to any of the names called, except that shenrecognized one name, \"Cheridan Eves\", as the girl who'dncalled her short. She hoped she wouldn't have to add that name to hernlist of enemies. Also, she hoped that this class wouldn't end upnbeing a total nightmare, which is what it currently looked like. She wasn't payingnthat much attention at all after that, until she heard another name. \"MeghannReynolds. Is there a Meghan Reynolds here?\" Lazily, she put upnher hand. \"Right here.\" She heard morennoises from the back, this time more stifled. \"Well, goodnthen.\" the teacher said simply. \"On to the next one.\" As Mrs. Blithenslowly droned through the entire roll sheet, Meghan wondered if shenand Mr. Harlison had ever dated. If not, she decided, they should.nThey would be perfect for each other. \"What are those?\" Meghan stared downnat her plate of so-called gourmet food, with a look of disgust on hernface. Her schoolmate,nFaye, did the same, daring to poke at some very odd-looking darkngreen masses with her fork. \"Brussel-sprouts,nI believe.\" Well, as far asnMeghan was concerned, Brussels could take back their sprouts. All ofnthem. \"I ain'tntouchin' those.\" Faye brought one ofnthem up to her nose to sniff. She immediately recoiled as her nosenwrinkled in distaste. \"It's verynstrange - they've never served these before.\" Both girlsnimmediately decided to push the alien vegetables aside and focus onnthe rest of their meals. They were of course surrounded once again bynFaye's friends, along with the other exchange student, who came fromnthe east. Despite the rottennday she was having, Meghan was actually kind of enjoying the mashednpotatoes she'd been given. She was putting her mouth around anothernspoonful when she suddenly felt a presence behind her. \"Hmmmm...\"ncame a sort of sneering murmur. \"Hong Kong, and the United States.nTwo countries that should still belong to England.\" Oh, come on . Of course, Meghannalready knew who it was. Mouth full of potatoes, she turned to seenone of her previously listed adversaries, along with several otherngirls who typically orbited around her. Really, thenconceited girl's lame attempt at a jab wasn't even worth any responsenat all, much less a witty comeback. Still, Meghan knew a reactionnfrom her was just what the girl wanted. Like a mangy dog, droolingnfor a bone. But even if shenactually wanted to give her that reaction, she knew that itnwas not possible. Not anymore. Meghan looked downnfor a moment, swallowing her food to speak. A dull look came acrossnher face. \"Hullo,nClarissa.\" With those twonwords, everyone nearby was made dumbfounded. Faye looked at Meghan,nand seemed almost frightened. Every girl at that table stoppedneating, frozen in silence. And then there was that group of popularngirls (or rather, one popular girl and the lucky few she allowed tonbe in her prescience), who all looked positively shocked. But there was nonone more shocked than Miss Payne herself. \"You mean,nthat's all you have to say?\" In response, Meghannjust shrugged. \"I guess. Isnsomething wrong?\" Her opponent lookednas if she would explode. \"Don't playndumb with me you brash American slug -\" Meghan picked upnher plate, holding it out to Clarissa. \"Want some ofnmy brussel-sprouts?\" Now, Clarissa wasnin complete and utter disbelief, her eyes widening in a mixture ofnfury and surprise. This was very new to her. \"Take yournfood out of my face.\" She was losing her short string ofnpatience. \"Okay.\"nMeghan set the plate down and turned back to eat from it. Almost ready tonburst into flames, Clarissa on a whim decided to try another tactic.nShe looked at Faye. \"Lovely day,nisn't it, Wiztrip? Tell me, did you father make the sprouts?\" Faye just stared.nThat really didn't matter to Clarissa too much, however, because hernreal interest lied in aggravating Meghan. By the little stuntnyesterday, Meghan had just made herself Clarissa's new main target.nDetermined to get revenge for being knocked over and made a fool, thensnobby blonde would stop at nothing to break that fiery spirit - andnget a bit of a thrill in the process. And hey, taunting the friend innbraids had worked before - why not now? But Meghan justnwent right on eating meat and potatoes. There seemed to be no fierynspirit to break. At that, Clarissandecided to make one last desperate attempt. She immediately grabbednFaye's plate, and daintily scooped up the mashed potatoes, thenbrussel sprouts, and the meat, bit by bit, shoveling it all intonMeghan's bag. Faye sat there, helpless, while Meghan pretended not tonnotice. Only when the empty plate was set back in front of her friendndid she turn her head to look. \"Oh! My gosh,nFaye, you're finished already? Here, have some of my potatoes. Theyngave me too much anyway. Man, do you eat fast!\" Instantly, morenof the mushy substance that had been there before was plopped ontonFaye's plate. Confused, Faye took a bite and sheepishly looked away. Meghan then heard anvery loud, frustrated noise. She saw Clarissa and her cronies beginnto stomp away. But it wasn't quite over yet. \"I swear tonyou, I'll make you pay for what you've done! Do you hear me,nReynolds? You're going to PAY!!\" With that, shenbashed through the double doors that led inside of the building. Asnthe doors swung closed, Meghan was sure she heard someone clapping. I'm not quitensure what to think about the incident just described, except thatnit sure was a pain trying to get all the mashed potatoes out of mynbag. What a mess that was. But really, I don'tnfeel hurt. Sure, I would've liked to stand up to that wanker, butnthat would be sinking to her level, am I right? I said, AM I RIGHT?! Seriously though.nMouthing off would not be responsible. And I have to be responsible.nI promised Aunt Libby. And there's really no point in mouthing offnanyway, except that it makes a person feel tough. Which is preciselynwhy Clarissa was doing it. See, I've got hernall figured out. She just pushes people around to make sure theyncater to her needs, which makes her feel special and somewhatnrespected. Those who rebel, Clarissa stomps on. And if I'm the onlynone who's ever rebelled...well, that's just pathetic. It seems to be thatnway, though, considering how the world seems to come to a haltnwhenever Clarissa has a spat. In New York, itnain't like that. Sure, fights get attention, but only because thenvast majority of teenagers at my school are moronic barbarians whonfor some reason find it interesting to watch two idiots bash eachnother until some fat security guard comes and pulls the hyenas apart.nFunny enough, girl fights are usually the most brutal. Or so I'venheard. As you know from annearlier incident, though, I can be pretty assertive when I feel likenit. I actually got that from...well, my dad. He taught me to nevernback down, to stand up for whatever you've set your heart on. It wasnone of his strengths - that's why it doesn't hurt so much to talknabout it. And I know someonenelse who's that way - my one and only cousin, Daphne Reynolds. She'snlike me in that some things scare her to the point of crawling in anhole while other things are extremely easy for her to just confrontnand stare in the face. She doesn't like to hurt people's feelings,nbut when someone flat out wrongs her or crosses the line in any sortnof way, she will get out the artillery and shoot their planes down,nand those planes will crash, then burn, then explode, then decompose. Get my drift? And frankly, I'mnnot sure WHERE she gets it from. Both of her parents seem to be thenmost timid things on the planet, to either run away from people likenClarissa, or silently put up with them on a daily basis.[Chapter 19] Wednesdaynmorning. On a veryncrowded street, a familiar young man stood in a familiar place, innfront of one of the most highly-rated schools in the country. Thisntime he was accompanied, however, by a friend of his who was muchnmore punctual than his other friend John, and had been missing thentwo days before on account of a nasty sickness. \"Sonhow did that flu treat you?\" Luke asked his friend. Andisgusted look came over Ian Wallace's face. \"Oh,njust miserable.\" he replied. \"My grandmother came over oncenabout every day to pour half a gallon of cod liver oil down mynthroat. She'd sit there on my bed to make sure I'd drink it, and asnsoon as she'd leave I'd run to the loo and heave it all up.\" Ofncourse, that got Luke laughing. He was not tinkering with his palmnpilot today, due to the fact that he had someone other than Johnnthere to hold his interest. This friend had a lot more in common withnLuke, due to their love of music and their strong distaste for thenschool they attended as well as the British aristocracy. Allnof a sudden, he heard a faint yelling from down the street. \"Lucas,ndear!\" Henlooked to see the infamous Clarissa Payne some distance away, madlynwaving her arms in the air. \"What'snshe shouting about?\" he asked his friend. Iannshrugged his shoulders. \"Whonknows?\" Lukenlooked again and stared as the girl kept wildly waving. \"Donyou suppose I should go to her?\" Iannsmirked. \"Donyou have a choice?\" Lukensighed. He began to jog down toward Jasperstone academy, wherenClarissa stood with about six or seven of her closest friends. Henarrived, slightly out of breath. \"Yes?\" Clarissansmiled. \"Injust wanted to tell you that I can't wait for Marcelle's coming outnparty this Saturday.\" She then stood up to whisper in his ear.n\"Especially since I'll have you to escort me.\" Shenplayfully ran her finger across his chin and pulled away, as the restnof her brood broke into a giggle. Lukenstood there for a minute. This was certainly not the first timensomething of this order had happened to him. And each time itnhappened, it got all the more pointless. It surely did not excite himnthat he'd have to spend yet another perfectly good evening withnClarissa on his arm. Henhalf-smiled and briefly nodded, then turned to walk away. Clarissangave him a dainty little wave as he looked back for a moment, and atnleast half of the other girls joined in. The other half was too busyngiggling. He turned back. \"You'renso lucky, Clarissa.\" she heard one girl whisper as he walkednaway. Butnoh, how contrary luck was for him, for that same reason. Atnabout that same time a familiar brown-haired girl was fast-walking innthe opposite direction, heading toward the place from which he hadnjust left, carrying quite a large load of books. When he caught sightnof the girl, Luke slowed down a bit to look. Thenset of black shoes briskly moved, and as the girl and Luke nearedneach other, he saw one of the shoes suddenly move in an awkward way,ntwisting to the inside. Instantly,nthe brown-haired girl and her books came tumbling down. Papersnspilled everywhere. Immediately, Luke turned and ran over to help. Thengirl looked a bit pained as she rushed to gather up her things. Whennhe came to her, Luke noticed the noise of approximately eight girlsnlaughing hysterically some yards behind him. The noise grew more andnmore faint and eventually disappeared, however, as the group enterednthe school. He crouched down in front of her. \"Arenyou alright, Miss?\" he asked. \"Yeah,nyeah, I'm okay.\" she said quickly as she busily gathered whatnshe had dropped. With a jumbled mess in her arms, the girl stood up.nLuke stood up with her, and they ended up staring each other directlynin the face. Just now seeing the persona of the man who'd stopped tonhelp her, the girl looked dumbfounded and shocked. Lukenhanded her the rest of her papers, which he himself picked up. \"Herenyou are...\" He looked at an identification card, which he stillnheld in his hand. \"...Meghan.\" Embarrassmentnquickly overtook the girl, and she immediately turned away. Shenrubbed the back of her neck. \"I...I...uh...\" Henhanded her the card, and their eyes met again. \"Thanknyou.\" Hensmiled. \"Mynname is Luke, by the way. Luke Brenshire.\" Thengirl still looked stunned. \"Hello,nLuke Brenshire.\" Shenbacked away a little, and began to move again. \"Well...bye.\"nshe said as she turned to walk away, cheeks turning bright red. \"Wait,nMeghan!\" Luke shouted behind her. Shenturned. \"Maybe...er...maybenI can talk to you again.\" He came closer. Thengirl looked puzzled. \"Like...where?\"nshe suddenly blurted, not knowing what else to say. The rednessndeepened. Lukenthought for a moment. \"Well...hownabout here? Tomorrow. Only, you wouldn't have to fall down thisntime.\" Meghannblushed more. Equally nervous, Luke thought some more, realizing he'dnmade a mistake. \"Or...maybensomewhere else would be better. Not so many...well, cars.\" Meghannlooked away. \"Look,nI have a card. You can have it if you want. And you can call thennumber if you want to do something. I realize that's sort of rude ofnme, I mean, to leave you with a number and just walk away, but itnmight be easier for you than standing out in the middle of the road,nand you can think of somewhere we could go. Maybe a park, if you'dnlike, or a restaurant, or I can take you riding, or to a store...\" SeeingnLuke ramble made Meghan feel a bit less embarrassed, and she laughed.nHe stopped. \"Younhave a business card?\" she asked him. Thisntime, it was Luke who rubbed the back of his head. \"Well...yes.\" Thengirl put his card in her jacket pocket. She looked back at him. \"Well,nmaybe I'll use it.\" she said as she turned to walk away. Facingnthe other direction, a smile spread across her face. \"Alright,nwell, good then. I guess I'll see you.\" she heard from behind. nShe turned her head. \"Yeah,nI'll...see you.\" she said. Hisnface mirrored hers, and he turned to walk back to his school. Henarrived back to meet a grinning Ian. \"Andnwho might that girl be?\" he asked coyly. Lukenbent his head for a moment, bashful. Laughing, he looked up again. \"Well,nthe name on her card said, \"Meghan B. Reynolds.\" \"Andnyou think she's going to call you with that business card you gavenher.\" Stillnsmiling, Luke narrowed his eyes at Ian. \"That's...whatnI 'm hoping, yes.\" Iannlaughed a bit. \"Don'tnworry, I'm sure she will. And when she does, ask her if she has ansister. For me, I mean.\" Lukenlaughed. \"Hey,nwe can't all have a sweet little American girl to call our own.\"nhe teased. Iannlooked slightly disgruntled. Luke patted him on the shoulder. \"Butnmaybe you'll get lucky.\" he said, before turning to enter thenschool, Ian following after. How did you likenthat? Told you Ian would show up! I already have the next chapternalmost completed, so two more will be up soon. I might have skippednfrom Tuesday to Wednesday a little too fast, but that will benexplained more next chapter. It will tell why Meghan was walkingnalone today. Anywayz, that'snall for now, and know that I'm sticking to this story till the end,neven if it takes me years to finish it! -rf-[Chapter 20] Hey, what's up? I'm back again - much earlier this time. Just a few shout-outs to my reviewers before the chapter starts: Call Me Mimzy : You are SO awesome! I was overjoyed to know that my dumb old story brightened your day - it makes me feel important. :) Mrs.Scott323 : Glad you like it! And I agree with you - that'll be the best part! Christine Writer : LOL. I suppose it could've been sweet & sour chicken. Maybe I'll use that later... LLama77me : I love your reviews! Glad your reading my story, and may Whose Line live on forever in our hearts! Okay, okay, on with it... Meghan waltzed into Jasperstone Academy. Her arms held a huge jumbled mess of dirty papers, along with a huge load of books that were threatening to slip through and fall to the ground, hitting her toe in the process. Her hair was messy and windblown; part of it hung in her face. One of her stockings was rumpled, and her bookbag had dirt streaked across the bottom of it, due to dragging on the ground for a brief period when she had stooped down to gather dropped belongings. And every girl around her, just as on days before, seemed to be either staring or snickering - or both. But at the current time, Meghan didn't notice. Why? Because the most charming boy in the world had just given her his number. Which was kind of funny, since usually it was the girl who would give a number in that situation, but hey - maybe more things were different here than Meghan thought. Faye was not there at the moment. Her mother had taken her off to a doctor's appointment, leaving Meghan to fend for herself. Normally, Faye said, they would be driven to school, as they had been on Monday, and would be Friday as well. They'd had to walk on Tuesday and would have to on Thursday because those were the days Mrs. Winthrop always left early for work. But since Faye's doctor's practice was WAY on the other side of town, and since they'd had to leave a half hour earlier (school started at 8:30, the appointment was at 8:00), Meghan had been forced to walk to school, having no transportation. And as if that weren't complicated enough, there were the books. Both Faye's books and her own had to be carried by Meghan to school this morning, because this morning was when lockers would be assigned. They'd been given their books yesterday. Meghan couldn't understand why those teachers couldn't just hold off on their assignments for one day, instead of making people lug their books around. But that's the way it had been. And that homework was certainly no picnic, either. Making her way toward the line for locker numbers, however, Meghan was all smiles. Faye would be coming back later to attend her afternoon classes, and Meghan couldn't wait to tell her what had happened. She'd probably have a heart attack. But even more, she couldn't wait to get on the phone this Saturday, to tell Daphne. That reaction was going to be even better. She could already hear her now: \" NO WAY ! You did NOT just snag an English guy!\" And of course, it would be hard for her to believe. Meghan had never even been asked out by an American guy. She and Daphne rarely attracted any guy's attention, except for that pervert Josh. But this time, it had been different. The line was long, and the books were heavy - but Meghan's heart was soaring. This is crazy. I've only been here for four days (five if you count today), and already so much stuff has happened. Standing in the locker line I saw that idiot Clarissa about fifteen people ahead of me, laughing so hard that it looked like her head would come off and roll down the hall. I almost wished that it would - it's not like it would bother her , since it would enable her to shine her incredible beauty in two places at once. Frankly, I didn't see what was so funny - I mean, yeah, my hair was a mess, and I was holding on to a pile of papers for dear life, but all I was doing was standing there. Just standing there, minding my own business. But no way was I going to let that faze me. Not today. So I just zoned out into a daydream, imagining me and that guy riding off on a silver horse, into a flowery yonder. But then he started to look like Fabio, and I cringed and snapped out of it. Still, I was in reverie. So charming. So helpful. And the way he had looked at me...just, wow. In a way, he reminded me of someone. But I wasn't sure who. Eventually, the line moved, and one by one, every girl in front of me was assigned a locker. When I got to the front, I was given the number for both Faye's locker and my own, but only one combination - mine. I would have to store Faye's books in my locker until she arrived, got her combination, and opened her own locker to put them in. Thankfully, hers was right next to mine. I rushed to my locker, and when the books were inside, I quickly started to go through my messy papers. I knew that I only had a few minutes before the first bell, and I hoped that I hadn't left some of my homework out there in the street. Thankfully, it all seemed to be there, and I shoved it into my bag. Then, the bell rang. As it had the two days before, crowds overtook the area. It wasn't as bad as it was on Monday, though, probably because people were starting to get more situated with their classes and where to go, and were less frantic to get there. I shut my locker door and, now holding only my French book, joined the crowds. That's right. I've got French. For my first class. And let me tell you, it wasn't fun spending all of last night writing \"Nous avons pas...\" yada yada and \"Je voudrais...\" yada yada yada over and over. I had to recruite genius Faye to help me. She knows French pretty well. As the masses enveloped me, I felt my jacket pocket to make sure that boy's business card hadn't fallen out while I was meandering in my locker. It was still there. I brought my hand down, and in a few minutes arrived at my French class. The last two days had been bad, but maybe today would be better. It was once again lunchtime. Meghan recieved some filet mignon, and went over to sit with Faye's friends, who began to ask her oddball questions. \"So, how do you like living with Faye?\" An inquisitive look came over the face of the questioner, Bridget. Meghan looked up and chuckled. \"It's good. There's certainly never a dull moment.\" The others laughed, not knowing how very similar to Faye they actually were. \"How about this school? Do you like it?\" Samantha asked. Meghan looked to be in deep thought. \"I...I haven't been here long enough to get the full picture. I'm hoping my experiences here get better than they have been. I do like the atmosphere, though - very sophisticated. And I like the food...well, most of it anyway.\" That seemed to bring up another subject. \"Oh, the nerve of that Clarissa!\" Emily fumed. \"Shoveling food into your bag the way she did. I'd like to take her face and rub it in the dirt!\" \"It would probably hurt her more if rubbed her FINGERNAILS in the dirt, and ruined her perfect manicure.\" Bridget suggested. Meghan just looked at them. \"One of these days, we're going to get her.\" Emily went on. \"And she's going to wish she'd never set foot in this academy. One of these days.\" She took an angry bite of filet mignon. Meghan wondered how much Faye's group was actually capable of. Just then, she heard a voice. \"I'm back!\" The three perky girls popped up as if it were raining candy. They ran away from the table to meet their friend, leaving Meghan and her ex-colonial comrade Ayaka alone. Ayaka looked a bit frazzled. Meghan didn't blame her. Within moments, they were all back at the table. Everyone gave Faye some of their food, for by this time, the lunch line had closed. \"So.\" Faye said to Meghan. \"Did you make it here without me?\" Meghan kept looking at her food. \"Yes.\" A smile began to creep across her face. Faye latched on immediately. \"Oh, Meghan?\" she questioned slyly. \"Did something happen that I missed?\" \"Yes.\" Meghan kept on eating. The girls all started to get excited,, the most excited, of course, being Faye herself. \"Well, what?! What happened?\" Meghan still kept eating. \"Meghan?\" Still no answer. Meghan still kept smiling as she ate. \"MEGHAN! What are you hiding?!\" \"I met a guy.\" They gasped. Faye immediately went into hyperdrive. \"WHAT?! A guy?! Who was it, Meghan?! TELL ME!!!\" The girls all jumped around like they were spring loaded, all eager to know what Meghan was talking about. \"He said his name was Luke.\" They stopped. \"Luke?\" Faye repeated. Meghan looked at her, puzzled. \"Uh...yeah.\" She handed Faye the business card. Faye's eyes moved back and forth as she read. \"I - I honestly can't believe this.\" she said. Meghan was really starting to get confused. \"Can't believe what?\" Faye stared at the card. \"Luke as in...Lucas Brenshire?\" She asked, eyes still on the card. \"I...guess. Yeah, that was his name.\" Faye kept staring. \"Lucas Brenshire as in, son of Lord Matthew Brenshire? Great, great, great, great grandson of Morris Brenshire, founder of the Morris Brenshire School for Boys?\" Meghan stared at Faye. \"Uh...\" \"Lucas Brenshire as in, the only aristocratic teenager more prominant in society than Clarissa Meredith Payne? Equivilent to her in popularity, well-known all over England, and the seventh generation in his family to attend the very school his great-grandfather founded?\" \"Er...\" \"And THE Lucas Brenshire, as in the object of most every girl's unreturned affection, the heartthrob that every girl longs for, and the one voted most likely to end up in Clarissa's wedding bed?!\" \"WHAA?!\" Meghan grabbed the card, horrified, and read it herself. \"I...you must be joking. You have to be joking, Faye!\" Faye looked down, wide-eyed, shaking her head in disbelief. \"No, I think it is you who must be joking. Did you find this card on the ground?\" \"No, Faye! I told you, he gave it to me!\" \"Impossible. I don't believe you.\" \"It's true! And he told me to call that number! Why is it so hard for you to believe?\" \"Why?\" Faye repeated. \" WHY? I'll tell you WHY. Because Lucas Brenshire is a filthy rich ultra-high-class member of the NOBILITY, and you, Meghan, are a lower-middle-class American exchange student who is here on a semester-long scholarship. And this isn't meant to offend you, Meghan, but according to the unsaid laws of the social structure, you are UNFIT to even be speaking with him. That's why.\" Meghan just stared, speechless. \"And if that doesn't seal it for you,\" Faye added, \"there's also the fact that Clarissa Payne is MADLY IN LOVE with him.\" Angst showed itself once again on the faces of Faye's friends, and a bit on Faye herself. Meghan had no idea how to respond to what she'd just been told; she only knew that her dream had been shot down, fast and hard. But finally, she was able to eek out a question. \"So...where exactly does that put me, at this point?\" Faye looked at Meghan, and her face softened. \"I'm sorry, Meghan. I went on a bit of a tyrade there. But the sad fact is...this is all probably just a cruel joke.\" Meghan didn't want to believe her, really, she didn't. It had seemed real, genuine, and true. And lovely, so very lovely. But Faye's explanation...well, it just made more sense.[Chapter 21] It had been yet another disheartening day for Meghan, despite earlier expectations. Cruel jokes had certainly been played on her before - especially in her early years of high school. Boys would whistle and yell stuff along the lines of \"Hey, Sexy!\" or \"Hey you! My friend wants yo number!\". But this time, she had actually been convinced for a short time that someone was really attracted to her. Really, though, it wasn't Meghan's character to hang her head in sorrow. If it was all a joke, as Faye had said, then it was good that Clarissa had a crush on him - they'd make a good couple. They'd be perfect. Great. Excellent. And she would be all too happy for them. Oh, so happy. But now, Meghan found herself following Faye up some stairs, back up to her pink room. Faye was a few feet ahead of her, and entered first. Meghan heard a cry. \"Mercy sakes alive! What happened in here?!\" Meghan entered the room, and saw what Faye was screaming about. \"Wow.\" The room was a disaster. Covers were pulled down and mattresses were moved. Papers were strewn all over the floor. Clothes spilled out of the closet. And every drawer in Faye's huge dresser was pulled out, with their contents thrown around inside. \"ANTHONY!!!\" Faye screamed. The door down the hall was thrown open, and Meghan heard loud rock music blasting out. \"What?!\" A male voice shouted. \"GET IN HERE!!!\" Stomping. \"Yes?\" He said, innocently. \"You did this.\" \"Did what?\" \"I told you a hundred times, I did NOT take your demo tapes! So STOP RIFLING THROUGH MY THINGS!\" Anthony looked thoughtful for a minute. \"Well, Faye, if you didn't take them, why do they keep mysteriously disappearing? Especially since you're the one who despises my music.\" \"First of all, Anthony, everyone despises your music, not just me. If you even want to call it music, that is. And secondly, did you ever stop to think that maybe, just maybe, your TWO-YEAR-OLD BROTHER might have gotten into them?\" \"Oh, don't even try to pin this on Jacob. I can see right through your little sensibility nonsense.\" As they argued, Meghan examined the room further. Her eyes rested on a brown mass in the corner, and they widened when she realized that it was actually her giant brown hobo bag. Anthony went on. \"But that's quite alright, Faye, really.\" he said coolly. The bag was opened, and upside down. \"Might I ask why that is?\" Faye asked him. Meghan saw her lip gloss, along with her mini brush, some three feet away. \"Oh, no reason.\" he answered with a bit of arrogance. Not far from the lip gloss, Meghan saw her passport, and the stub of her plane ticket. \"Well, obviously it's something. Otherwise you wouldn't be standing there with your nose rubbing the ceiling.\" Near that sat her wallet, with her useless New York driver's license and more money that still needed to be converted. \"No, really, it's nothing. Just that even though I still have yet to find my tapes, I did find something else quite interesting.\" Meghan was not well. Not well at all. \"Anthony, if you took anything from my room, I promise you I will - \" Meghan pounced on the bag. \"You'll what? I don't even think you - er, what's gotten into your friend?\" Faye looked to see Meghan frantically digging in her purse, and then turned piercing eyes back on Anthony. \"And that's what REALLY fries me. You went through Meghan's things, even though you don't even know her. I suggest you give me back what's mine and get out.\" Anthony stared at Meghan a bit longer, then shrugged his shoulders. \"Don't worry, Faye. When I get my tapes, you'll get your diary.\" Meghan stopped. \"WHAT!!!\" Faye hollered. \"And in the meantime,\" Anthony said with a smile, \"I will be returning to an old pastime of mine - bedtime stories. Courtesy of Faye Winthrop.\" He started to waltz back to his room, until Faye wrenched his arm. \"Give it back, you snake!!\" \"Your anger will get you nowhere.\" \"ACK!!!!\" Faye ran down the hall and into Anthony's room, immediately proceeding to paw through whatever she got her hands on, looking for her diary. Anthony calmly followed her, though he didn't look all that worried about Faye being in his room, especially since the object she was looking for was hidden deep in his jacket pocket. Meghan was left just sitting there in the corner with her bag, its contents spilled out all over the floor. She stared at the door for a minute, a bit muddled by the incident. Her initial worry was gone - however, she still hadn't found what she was looking for, and therefore wasn't completely relieved. She turned back to the bag to dig through it some more, and her worry grew bigger as she found nothing. And then, she saw it. It had been underneath her bag. A white envelope, on the floor. Only one thing had spilled out of it - Daphne's school picture. Meghan picked up the envelope, and examined its contents. Nothing seemed to be missing. Meghan put the picture back inside, releasing her breath. She then let herself fall to the floor in a heap, among all the miscellaneous papers and a teddy bear here and there. She tucked the envelope into her jacket, and remained on the floor until Faye entered the room yet again. \"He thinks I didn't see my diary in his jacket pocket, but he doesn't know - I have a plan. Wait till he takes his shower tonight, Meghan, then I'll get it back. I'll - why are you lying on the floor?\" \"Huh?\" Meghan answered. \"Well...anyway, he won't see it coming. He thinks I'm dim as a doornail - I'll show him.\" Meghan pushed herself up off the floor. \"What about his tapes?\" \"Those tapes he made with his base guitar and a karaoke machine? Oh, I know where they are. They're in Jacob's room - he likes to pull the shiny ribbon out of them. I keep hinting that to Anthony, but do you think he'll listen? Oh no. He just wants to be belligerent. Thinks I have his tapes, but what would I want with them? I mean, I do hate that noise he makes with his guitar, but there's no use in stealing his tapes, I know he'll just make more...\" Meghan hadn't heard most of what Faye had said - she was just surprised anyone actually used cassette tapes anymore, since everything had gone to CDs. Soon enough, Meghan surmised, there'd be some other high tech newfangled way of playing music, and it would be thinner and smaller, too. \"I mean, if he really wants to play so badly, why doesn't he take some lessons so that he could do it right? Honestly, the way he does it now - it's just horrid. Horrid, I tell you...\" As Faye blathered on and on, Meghan thought about other things. In particular, where to put that envelope to assure that it would really be safe. In one of the drawers? No, those had been gone through too. Under the mattress? No, that could be moved. \"And he doesn't seem to understand Jacob's utter fascination with shiny things...\" Finally Meghan caught sight of her book bag. The one with the Jasperstone logo on it. The one that she took with her everyday. Maybe that would be a safe place. She looked toward Faye, who was facing the other way but still talking endlessly. The blonde was completely oblivious as Meghan quickly pushed the envelope down to the bottom of her bag. Yes, this would be good. During the week, it would stay in this bag, and on weekends, when she went out, she'd transfer it to the brown one. But she would never leave the building without one of those bags. She'd always know where it was and that no one was looking at it. And if she happened to run into a certain member of her school's alumni one day in the process - well, that would be all the better. It saddened her, though, to find out that leaving important papers here, at the Winthrop's house, where she thought she'd have privacy, had been naïve. Why, I ask you, do I keep ending my days with disappointment? You may remember me telling you before that I can usually tell a lot about a person's character just by seeing them once or twice, how they act, how they talk. So why did my judgment fail me now? And Faye is just full of surprises. I thought she was the ditsy one, the one who wasn't very sensible. But it was SHE who told me that my social class was too low for me to be in contact with this...Lucas Brenshire. I thought it was just Luke. That's what he said. I mean, he said his last name. But he said it like it was no big deal. And it isn't. Everyone has a last name. I suppose I should have recognized it, though, as being the last name that was printed on the wall of that school down the road. My mind lapses sometimes, I don't know. But even so, why does it matter? The whole thing is ridiculous. Dividing people up because of their last names. Students, citizens, friends - and even family. Maybe I didn't make it clear before how much this ticks me off. I've blamed plenty of other things as being the cause of Aunt Libby's problems, but this, my friends, is the true culprit - the social class system. People thinking they're better than everyone else because of the name they were born with. It's like no matter what happens, these people are on a quest to deny the ultimately indisputable fact that we are all PEOPLE, whether our last names are Brenshire, or Winthrop, or Payne, or Dashwood, or Windsor, or... Reynolds. But whatever. I'm just a Yankee commoner. What do I know? Okay, tell me - did I have you going for a minute? Or even just a second? Yeah, probably not. In case you guys didn't know, I stuck Windsor in there because that's the actual \"last name\" of the royal family in England. I learned that when the princes were on Dateline. A little-known fact: they like to watch American Idol. Anyhow, again I must say goodbye. Keep reviewing, I love it! -rf-[Chapter 22] Here beith the next two chapters. Thanks so much to Mimzy, Mrs. Scott323, Christine Writer, and Litta for your reviews, I love them!!! So glad more people are reading, and that I was finally able to finish these and post them. Hope you like! Days passed, and eventually it was the end of the week. Oddly enough, Meghan hadn't had too much trouble with Clarissa for the next two days - just the now usual sniggering and pointing. Her previous threat had not yet been fulfilled. As for that business card, Meghan had almost thrown it away, but had at the last minute decided instead to stick it in the bottom of her bag, almost as deep as she'd pushed the white envelope. But not quite. So now, it was Friday. Friday night, specifically, and the night the Winthrops and Meghan had all planned on going out to dinner at Laurence's restaurant. Meghan herself was in a pretty good mood at the moment. She was looking forward to the nice, quiet, peaceful dinner with Faye and her family - or maybe not so quiet, it was Faye after all. Even more than that, however, she was looking forward to tomorrow night, when she'd finally get to call her family again. It would have been a week since she'd last heard Mom's or Aunt Libby's voice...and it had already been a week since she'd heard Daphne's. All these things buzzed through Meghan's mind as she entered the restaurant, once again ignoring Faye's chattering. Laurence himself was already there, working, but he planned to eat with them when they'd arrived. So Meghan and Faye now followed Mrs. Winthrop and the two boys up to the front desk, where a waitress stood. Uncle Wallace had been too engrossed in a cricket match, and therefore wasn't with them. Even that grumpy old man wouldn't spoil this night. \"Why, hello there, Mrs. Winthrop. You've brought the family I see.\" \"I have, Nadine. And this girl, here...\" she motioned for Meghan to come forward, \"is Meghan.\" \"Good evening, Meghan.\" the waitress said, holding out her hand. Meghan smiled and took her hand to shake. \"To you as well.\" she said. Meghan was surprised at her own politeness. Nadine smiled brightly, and looked to Emma in approval. She then bent down and pulled out five menus. \"We'll need six.\" Emma pointed out. \"My husband.\" \"Oh, my goodness, yes!\" the waitress said, immediately bending to get out another one. \"You'll have to excuse me, I'm feeling a bit off tonight.\" \"That's quite alright, Nadine.\" The waitress handed them the menus. \"Right this way.\" she said. As she followed everyone, Meghan gazed at her surroundings. The Crystal Spoon was brightly lit and elegantly designed, and at the same time, not too fancy. Hanging chandeliers graced each table, and there were fresh green plants everywhere. Meghan thought it looked a bit like a magical garden with walls - the restaurant felt peaceful and mesmerizing. They soon arrived at their table, and Nadine motioned for them to sit. \"Laurence should be out in a short while, and I'll be back to take your orders.\" The sweet waitress then turned and walked away. Meghan was now feeling absolutely giddy, though she'd never actually use that word. She felt wonderful being there, and felt very lucky and grateful, glad to be welcomed into this country. It was the way she had felt when she'd first breathed in the fresh night air walking up to the Winthrops' house for the first time, when she'd looked through the photo album with Faye, when she'd first seen Jasperstone Academy and eaten in its beautiful courtyard, when she'd gone on that shopping trip and sipped tea at that charming little cafe...\" Meghan suddenly caught sight of someone staring at her. It was a boy wearing an apron, wiping a table about eight feet away. He had brown eyes and black hair, and skin that looked like he'd been out in the sun many times. He looked like one of those surfer guys from California, the ones that say, \"That was some knarly wave, dude.\" And those brown eyes were positively fixated on Meghan. She didn't know him, but he certainly seemed to know her. When he saw that Meghan was looking, he quickly turned away and went back to his work. Meghan kept watching him, and very soon he turned to look again. Of course, it was only for a second, before he turned away once more. But Meghan didn't get the chance to stare any longer. \"Hello, all.\" said a familiar voice. Meghan looked up, and there stood Mr. Winthrop. Everyone greeted him as he sat down and opened a menu. \"My, my, I wonder what I'll order from this fine restaurant. Don't tell anyone, but personally, I think it could be better.\" Meghan and the rest gave him a laugh, even though they didn't really think his joke was funny. When Nadine returned, everyone ordered scrumptious food. Meghan had pasta with bread, and it was delicious. Soon enough, however, she had to leave the table. \"Mr. Winthrop.\" she said. \"May I ask where the restroom is?\" He looked up at her, questioningly. Then, he smiled. \"I think I know what you mean. That way.\" he replied, pointing her in the right direction. That was sufficient, and soon Meghan was coming out of the small room, wiping her hands on a paper towel. Throwing it away, she saw a shadow moving at the end of the hall. Meghan came forward to see the surfer guy, fiddling with a cart of cleaning products. He seemed to be having a lousy time of it, and all of sudden, a stack of white cloths fell to the floor, taking with them a couple of spray-bottles. Alarmed, the boy quickly bent to scoop them up, piling the cloths bit by bit on top of the cart in frustration. \"Need some help?\" Meghan asked him. The boy jumped, quickly dropping cloths back on the floor. He turned, and a look of recognition came over his face. \"No, I've got it handled.\" he told her. \"I'm used to being busy.\" \"Oh?\" Meghan pondered. \"Is this not your only job?\" \"Far from it.\" He bent down to pick up what he'd dropped, but kept glancing at Meghan. Meghan stood there for a while, thinking. \"Do I know you?\" Setting objects back on the cart, the boy stopped for a moment. He leaned against the cart and gazed up at the ceiling. \"No.\" he said carefully. \"But I think I know you. You know my friend.\" Meghan cocked her head. \"You're friends with Faye?\" He looked at her. \"Who's Faye?\" That answered her question. \"The girl whose father you work with?\" \"Ah! So that's what her name is.\" Where had this guy been? \"Well, if you don't know Faye, then who are you talking about?\" A look of knowing came over his eyes. \"I believe you've met my friend, Luke.\" Oh. \"I met him, yes.\" He chuckled. \"Well, I bet you don't know that he's going absolutely mad right now, that you haven't called him.\" Meghan was instantly on the defensive. \"Look, whoever you are, I'm not going to play into your little game. I know that card was just a trick.\" The teenager with the cleaning products looked surprised. \"A trick?\" \"Yes, and you know it is! He's just a rich prince who gets whatever he wants. Why would he want me?\" Instantly, the boy understood. He looked at Meghan with understanding. \"Well, Meghan - that's your name, isn't it? - you've been mislead. The person you just described is not the person that I know. If you need proof, look at me! This apron, this cleaning cart - I'm not rich! But he talks to me.\" Meghan was silent. \"He sees nothing in those girls who chase after him. To him, they're all the same. But he saw something in you.\" She just looked at him for a minute, thinking some more as he started to go back to work. Then, she began to walk back to her table, but stopped. \"You never told me your name.\" she said. He paused and looked up, smiling. \"Ian Wallace.\" She half-smiled back. Funny, how this guy's last name as Faye's great uncle's first. Ian Wallace, Uncle Wallace... \"It was nice meeting you, Ian.\" She turned around again and began walking away. \"Enjoy your meal.\" he called after her. Meghan looked back as she walked. \"Sure.\" And so, she went back to eating, and the boy went back to cleaning. Here it was. Saturday night.Meghan had been sure to let her host father know of her approval of the restaurant. As usual, he had seemed quite proud of himself. Now, it was finally time for Meghan to call her family. Just as she had done at one o'clock Sunday morning, she asked to make a collect call to her home country, this time at about ten o'clock at night. Much better. She heard the ring tone. It rang twice before she heard a click, and a crackly voice came on the phone. \"Hello?\" Meghan identified the voice. \"Aunt Libby.\" \"Meghan! Sweetheart! I feel like you've been gone forever. It's been so different here without you.\" \"I guess I can imagine. Listen, is Daphne there?\" \"Oh, Meghan, I'm so sorry - she's staying over at Lauren's tonight.\" \"I STILL CAN'T TALK TO DAPHNE?!\" \"Honestly, Meghan, I have no idea why they decided to have a sleep over when she knew you'd be calling. But it's the honest truth, that's where she is.\" Meghan sighed. \"Me and your mom are here, though. So at least you get to talk to somebody. \" \"That's true.\" Meghan was happy to have her mom and aunt, even though she was getting increasingly anxious to talk to Daphne. Next week, I guess. \"So tell me. What's been going on? How is that new school of yours? We don't know anything about that yet!\" Meghan thought for a moment. \"Well, school is hard, but still good. They serve gourmet food and you eat it in a courtyard. And me and Faye and Faye's mom went shopping, and I got some cute stuff. Oh! I got everybody some pink berets really cheap, and I got Daphne a purse. I'm going to send them to you on Monday.\" \"Ooooh, sounds like you've been having fun.\" \"I have! Well, for the most part...\" \"What do you mean?\" Meghan paused. There were things that she wanted to tell her...maybe if she said it just the right way... \"Well, see, there's this girl. Her name is Clarissa. I bumped into her by accident the first day of school, and she's had it in for me ever since.\" \"What? What's she doing to you?\" \"Uh, well, she likes to shoot off insults with her popular friends, and she put food in my bag...\" \"Oh, I see. She thinks she's queen of the school.\" \"She kinda is queen of the school.\" \"Well,\" Aunt Libby said, \"tell her off!\" Meghan was surprised for a moment. \"Tell her off?\" \"Yes. Tell her you won't take her nonsense anymore.\" \"Uh, Aunt Libby, that's not gonna stop her.\" \"Oh, it won't?\" \"No, it won't. Because I already stood up to her once, and that's what made her mad in the first place.\" \"Well then. I say, take it to the next level. Tell somebody.\" \" Tell somebody? Who? The teachers and staff members who just sit there and watch her do it?\" Her aunt was silent. \"Sounds to me like that school isn't very good at enforcing its rules, if the authority figures there know there's something going on and aren't doing anything about it. What about her family?\" \"Huh?\" \"What about her family? Do her trailer trash parents know what she's doing?\" \"Uh...I don't know.\" \"Then maybe someone should tell them.\" \"Who?\" \"You! Or your mother.\" \"I can't do that.\" \"Why not?\" \"I just...can't.\" Again, no one said anything. \"Meghan, you can't be afraid.\" \"I'm not afraid! It's just...it's not that simple.\" She realized now that she shouldn't have said anything. \"Well, then, if you don't want to tell someone, you might just have to keep enduring what that girl is giving you. I can't help you any more than that. I'm afraid you're pretty much on your own.\" Meghan, relieved for the moment, laughed a little at how ironic the situation really was. \"I'd pretty much guessed that for this, Aunt Libby. Believe it or not.\"[Chapter 23] The weekend went by quickly, and for the sake of saving this writer's time and energy, no one did anything of particular interest in this story until this point. The story resumes Monday morning, the beginning of the second week of school. At the sound of the alarm, Meghan drowsily awoke and swung her arm to bang the buzzer off. Rubbing her eyes and yawning, Meghan became aware of a large, warm weight pressing down on her stomach. She raised her head to see Benny the fat orange cat, staring her directly in the face. She smiled - this was the first time he'd done this. But she knew she had to get up, and was besides feeling sweltering hot from the cat and all the blankets piled on top of her. She wriggled, trying to pull herself out. The weight was too much, however, and she couldn't escape. \"Benny.\" she whispered to the cat, \"Get off.\" The cat just stared at her. \"C'mon, Benny, I need to get up.\" He wouldn't budge. \"Benny The Cat, I demand that you get off of me right now.\" With the third attempt being yet another failure, Meghan looked to the other bed, where her blonde roommate slept peacefully. \"Faye!\" she whispered, louder and with urgency. \" Faye!\" She, too, stayed still. No one was listening to Meghan this morning. Frustrated, she grabbed the teddy bear that sat on her nightstand and hurled it at the sleeping English schoolgirl. Thankfully, her aim was good. \"Wha - wha - I'll get the buckets!\" Faye yelped, sitting up straight in alarm and pulling off her pink sleeping mask. Meghan laughed as Faye looked around and came to her senses, breathing heavily. \"No buckets, Faye. But could you kindly remove your cat, so that I can breathe?\" Shaken, Faye looked to her left, toward Meghan's bed, and smiled. \"Oh! Why, yes, of course.\" Faye quickly got out of bed, and went over to nudge the cat off of Meghan's stomach. Even then he wouldn't move, and Faye was forced to bring up some cat food and set it at the foot of Meghan's bed. THEN he moved. Benny raised himself up and lumbered over to the food, strangely fast for such a large cat. And Meghan was free. The two girls started their morning routine. They walked down the hall to the charming bathroom to wash their faces and brush their teeth. When they were refreshed, they marched like clockwork back to their room to make their beds. Faye set the teddy bear daintily back in its original place on the nightstand, before she and Meghan both tugged on their navy and red uniforms. They walked over to the mirror on Faye's dresser and brushed at their hair. Faye did hers in braids once again, and Meghan decided on a side ponytail. Both girls went down the stairs and sat down for their first meal of the day. Laurence was reading the paper while Emma bustled around in the kitchen. Jacob banged his bowl on the tray of his high chair, as he did every morning. Anthony sat impatiently waiting for the breakfast he'd cram into his mouth, still a bit perturbed that Faye had, in fact, been able to retrieve her diary a few nights ago without him even cracking the cover. And Meghan could hear bickering from the den, over yet another cricket match. Or maybe it was the same one. When food was set on the table, Laurence put down the paper, folding it neatly as Emma tried to take the bowl from Jacob. Anthony began shoveling spoonfuls down his throat, and was done before anyone else. He left for his college classes, and twenty minutes later, Faye and Meghan were finished as well. They got into the station wagon with Emma. The red-haired woman drove at a pleasant speed, taking them from the middle-class cottages to the upper-middle-class suburbs, and then passing through into the upper-class mansions. The further they went, the more ornate and extravagant the houses became. More and more cars came into view on the road as the ventured deeper and deeper into London. They were now going into part of the main hub of the city, where gigantic buildings loomed, some of them landmarks known throughout the world. Places that people from all countries, including Meghan's, were at least somewhat familiar with. But soon enough, they arrived at their destination. Passing by the Morris Brenshire School for Boys, Emma slowed down, partly due to the traffic buildup that was here every morning. She came to a stop in front of Jasperstone Academy. Were they to have gone further down the road, they would have come to the mansions of those who were not only filthy rich, but also played a part in running the country - places that the common citizen rarely cared to go, unless they wanted only to gawk at the enormous houses with their intricate courtyards. Gawking would be all they'd be allowed to do. The station wagon that Meghan and Faye stepped out of looked stumpy and puny among the limos and luxury cars surrounding it. The car door shut behind them, and the vehicle began to weave its way back out again, leaving the girls as they ventured through the gates. Again, they saw other girls dressed as they were, gathered in clusters in front of the building, chatting away. They bypassed them and walked up the stone steps, into the school. Of course, a slew of other girls were gathered around everywhere inside. These were the same crowds that had made Meghan nervous before, but she now felt a bit more confident as she marched on in. On their way to their lockers, Meghan and Faye met up with Faye's friends, whose lockers were right nearby. They arrived, and five out of six girls began turning their padlocks. The other girl (three guesses which one) just stood staring, perplexed. Where her padlock should have been, there was a plastic loop, binding her locker shut. Meghan caught sight of one of the administrators as they walked by, and inquired as to the reason for this madness. \"What happened to my padlock?\" she asked. The administrator stopped. \"Oh, yes, locker #385. Someone requested your locker. You've been reassigned.\" He took out a small piece of paper, with a number written on it. \"Right down the stairs and to your left. Your things are already there.\" Meghan looked at the number. \"Um...okay.\" she said. Faye and her confused friends waved goodbye as Meghan set out to find her new locker. Down the stairs? Meghan thought. I thought there were only two floors... The regular stairwell only went up. But when Meghan looked, she saw another stairwell she hadn't noticed before, going downwards through a dark doorway. That had to be it. She stepped down inside. The stairwell was dimly lit, with an odd buzzing sound that came from nowhere. There were about twelve steps. With every move further down, the bustling upstairs became more faint. When Meghan reached the ground, she turned left, as she had been instructed. Left was really the only way to go anyway, since to her right there was only a door that read \"Employees Only\". It was a bit brighter down there than it was in the stairwell itself, but not much. The room was dank, and smelled rather like there'd been a sewer leak. There were no windows, only a lone light bulb in the middle of the ceiling. It was a very small room, about the size of Meghan's laundry room back home - and it looked a lot like it, too. Meghan saw mops, brooms, and other equipment leaning against one side of the room, with buckets and cleaning products surrounding them on the floor. And there, on the opposite wall, stood a small set of lockers, about five of them altogether. Meghan looked at the little paper and, sure enough, the number that matched it was bolted to the front of the fifth locker. There hung her padlock, Winnie the Pooh stickers and all. And it was the only padlock there - the other four had plastic loops. THIS is my locker? Meghan thought. Why had she been moved down here, instead of having her locker next to Faye, who was supposed to be her guide at this new school? Who had wanted her old locker? And this place - it was probably a janitor's closet. Lockers? Here? Begrudgingly, Meghan stepped forward and began to turn her lock. With the right combination, the padlock immediately snapped open. Meghan pulled on the beat-up-looking door, and it creaked on its hinges. The locker she'd had at her school in New York had been better than this , even if it did have \"Derek Waz Here\" and \"Lick my \" scrawled on the front. As the man had said, all of Meghan's things were there. She hoped that rats hadn't starting nibbling her books, and she half expected to see a tarantula crawl up from behind. But instead, she saw a peculiar piece of paper drift to the floor. This paper was folded in half, and didn't look like anything she'd put in her locker before. Maybe it was a note from another administrator, explaining what was going on in more detail. Details would be nice. Meghan bent to pick up the paper, and walked closer to the light bulb to read it. Hope you like your new arrangements. This, my American friend, is only the start Of your worst nightmare. My advice to you is to leave now, And go back to the cesspit you came from Before I, personally, Put you in the gutter. You will learn your place. -C.P. Well, that explained it. Meghan was distracted for a moment as she noticed that, where the initials were, the note had been previously whited out. Perhaps a mistake had been made in the process of writing this threat. And Meghan had to admit, this threat did sound pretty creepy. But she knew that Clarissa had less power over her than she thought. Meghan knew one thing, too, despite the creepiness of this note. There was no way she was leaving now. And if she really did end up in the gutter, so be it. But her cousin wouldn't fall in with her. \"That was very odd.\" Bridget commented to Faye as she checked herself in the mirror that hung inside of her locker. \"Why did they move Meghan?\" \"I haven't the slightest idea.\" Faye responded, as she pulled out a book and shut the small metal door. \"Why would anyone want a locker next to me? I am 'Fray Windbag' after all.\" \"Don't you think it's strange?\" Emily quipped. \"I mean, none of our lockers were reassigned.\" \"I suppose this must be a special locker.\" Samantha concluded. \"The most fantastic locker in all the world!\" They all broke into a giggle. Their giggling ceased, however, when they saw two people round a corner, into the hallway. One was a school official. The other was an evil teenage girl. The official was carrying a large load of books, while the girl was carrying nothing. They were headed straight for Faye and her friends. \"That one, right over there.\" the girl told the man who was carrying books. To Faye's horror, the girl was pointing straight at Meghan's locker. The two came to a stop in front of it, and the man put the books down and began to fiddle with the plastic loop, taking it off. The girl watched him for a moment, then turned to the group, a satisfied grin spreading across her face. \"Why, hello, Washtub.\" Clarissa said politely. \"Fancy seeing you here.\" There you have it! Tell me what you'd like to see happen, and maybe what you'd like to see done to Clarissa later in the story... Soon you will see the ideas that swirl in my mind! -rf-[Chapter 24] Okay, here are the next two chapters! Hope you like them! And thanks to everyone for their thoughts on Clarissa - I'll give those ideas serious consideration ;) I guess that small amount of time that Clarissa wasn't really bothering me too much was the calm before the storm, or something. Because now, she was absolutely putting the kibosh on me. I'll paint you a picture. It started in PE class, my second class of the day. I opened my other locker that was specifically for that class, in a room full of other PE lockers and other girls opening them. To my surprise, as I pull out my skimpy tank top and shorts, I find that they are absolutely destroyed. My tank top is cut into strips up to the collar, which holds the strips together, making it look like a hula skirt. As for the shorts, they had a big, gaping hole - right in the crotch. All the safety pins in the world couldn't have fixed this mess. I knew who had done it, though I didn't know how, since I hadn't told anyone my lock combination, and on top of that, Clarissa wasn't even in my PE class. There was only one explanation: a mole. In my midst. Most likely, one of her snotty friends. She certainly had enough of them. To the sound of numerous giggles, I took the ruined outfit up to the supervisor, who had her own, special enclosure in the locker room. \"What have you done to your uniform?!\" she barked when she saw it. \"Nothing.\" I told her. \"Someone cut it up.\" Of course, she didn't buy it. \"Right, I'm sure. You couldn't have possibly done this for the fact that you'd much rather wear \"sweat-pants\" and a \"tee-shirt\". Oh, please. \"I really didn't do this. Honest.\" She sniffed. \"Yes, well, don't think this little protest is going to get you anywhere. You'll just have to wear the spare.\" \"The spare?\" \"The spare.\" The crude woman reached under her desk, and pulled out a uniform just like the one I'd had before - only grungier, and about three sizes too big. Honestly, I could've fit two of me in that tank top. Both of my legs fit loosely through one side of the shorts. And of course, there were no pins. So guess what I had to use? Scotch tape. From my book bag. I kid you not. I had to fold the straps of the top and the sides of shorts, with three layers of tape, just so it would stick. Ridiculous, I know. And as for the waistband, I had to use my belt. The belt I used with my regular uniform. And even then, the shorts wanted to fall down. So here I was, holding the shorts up with one hand as I plodded into the gym, where the rest of the class was waiting. Let me tell you, there were snickers galore. And not the chocolate kind. I'm almost sure I saw someone take a picture with a cell phone, even though cell phones were BANNED from the premises. And just my luck, the sport of the day was BADMINTON. Imagine me, jumping in the air, still holding on to my shorts while I try to smack a ridiculous-looking funnel thingy. I was a three-ring circus. People were on the floor, literally rolling at how incredibly bogus I looked. Even the teacher was laughing. Then, as I return to the locker room, sweaty and out of sorts, the supervisor comes up to me, trying to contain her laughter. \"Well now, I guess you learned your lesson.\" One of the pieces of tape on strap of my tank top comes unstuck. \"Be sure to bring twenty-five pounds in tomorrow. For a new uniform.\" I just turned, and walked to my locker. What else could I do? My problems didn't end there. Not that I thought they would. I go into Ms. Blarf's class, and sit in my seat. I hear giggles in the back. \"Reynolds!\" comes that dreadful voice. \"Millicent tells me you looked absolutely stunning in Physical Ed today. Tell me, how did you do it? Did you finally get some surgery, to fix that hideous face?\" I drummed my fingers on my desk. \"Just a tip, Marian.\" she goes on. \"Wearing a gym suit that's too big for you won't make you look any less fat.\" You know my name. You know Faye's name. You know everyone's name, because you're just THAT nosy. So just quit the farce, already. I thought. But I didn't say anything. Because I knew that in about a minute, she wouldn't be able to throw any more insults for at least an hour. The teacher would start droning her roll call, write some past and present participles on the board, and expect us to use them each in ten sentences or something while she stared at her computer and ate bagels. That's what happened. And we wrote. And it was quiet. And I was able to find a little solace. But when the bell rang, and I got up, the solace was immediately shattered. Laughing. More laughing. More infernal laughing. \"What's that on your skirt?\" \"Look at that mess!\" Immediately, I drew in my breath. I felt the back of my skirt, thinking the worst. What I felt was some kind of gooey, sticky substance. Ironically, it wasn't the worst. But it was pretty darn close. \"Miss Reynolds.\" said Ms. Bladder. \"What in all this world possessed you to smear molasses on your skirt?\" So that's what it was. Of course, I couldn't answer. I just took off my navy uniform jacket, tied it around my waist, picked up my bag, and waltzed out. Meghan once again sat down with Faye and her friends. She was in deep thought about how she was going to keep the tarantulas out of her locker, how she was going to get twenty-five pounds, and how she was going to get the molasses stain out of her skirt. Of course, Faye and the rest had been puzzled as to why she was wearing her jacket around her waist, until she'd told them. So they were once again ranting and raving about how horrid and despicable Clarissa was, but Meghan wasn't listening. She already knew how bad Clarissa was - what she didn't know was whether or not she was handling her correctly. She had something in her possession that could send Clarissa's empire tumbling down, that could end her tyrannical rule in an instant. But she had to go about things a certain way, and bringing down Clarissa was not the objective. It was just something that would inevitably happen. The real purpose of revealing the truth was to help Daphne - not to get revenge against her evil stepsister. And it wasn't like she could just get on top of one of the tables and shout Daphne's lineage to the heavens. That would only embarrass everyone involved. No, she had to speak to someone privately. Either the man himself, or, as a second choice, his mother. But how to even do that. They lived in a palace, really. With guards. And Clarissa. And big stone surrounding walls. And Clarissa. And iron gates. And Clarissa. Meghan hadn't seen the residence in person, but Aunt Libby had shown her pictures. It was one of the few things that the woman had allowed her to see. Anyhow, what was to be done? And would she have the courage when the time came to do it? As of this time, Meghan felt totally and completely alone. She couldn't talk to Daphne, and even if she could, how could she tell her or her mother about the pending marriage, or about the evils that came with it? There was nothing she could say or do against Clarissa Payne, because for the time being, she had no ground to stand on. With the way she had manipulated the whole locker situation, she could probably have Meghan expelled if she really wanted to. The odds were in her favor. But Meghan didn't want to be expelled. Because despite all of the rising problems, she didn't want to leave. She wanted to stay, more badly than anything in the world, she wanted to stay. Though Clarissa was manipulating a lot of things, there was one thing that Meghan was manipulating: the mind of Lucas Brenshire. He honestly didn't know what it was about her that was causing him to think this way. He just knew that no other girl had ever given him that feeling. It was five days ago that he had given her his business card, and he was nervous. He was almost sure that she didn't plan on calling at all. Ian had told him that day, that he'd spoken with her. That had only made him more sure that she wanted nothing to do with him. But he wasn't quite willing to let her go. Why? Because of the reason she wasn't calling. It wasn't because she wasn't interested, or because she'd thought he was rude. It was because she thought he was deceiving her. She thought he was just another snob who thought he was too good for her. And maybe if she knew the truth about him, he might have a chance with her. Maybe things would change. It was all about his name. Brenshire. Sometimes, he almost despised his name. It put him in a world he cared nothing about. Sure, he loved his country. But he knew he wasn't fit for parliament. And sure, he liked sophistication. But his kind of sophistication had nothing to do with caviar, or debutante balls, or stepping on \"commoners\". His kind of sophistication meant being a gentleman, having an open mind, having knowledge but not being a know-it-all. The rich, frivolous, extravagant world he lived in was almost too superficial for him to handle. And he knew only a few people who understood that. Something told him, however, that Meghan would understand. So, he was going to try again. And again. And again. He wouldn't rest until she knew who he really was. He just wasn't the type of person to not care about someone thinking him indecent. Maybe there was something wrong with him for thinking like that, but really, he didn't care. If that was wrong, he didn't want to be right.[Chapter 25] It was a little over a week into the school year, Tuesday morning. The students were just starting to really readjust and get into the swing of studying again. It was a beautiful late-August morning, not cold yet, and not raining, as it often did in London. It was a perfect day, Jocelyn thought, to visit Jasperstone Academy. She woke up early as she usually did, before Clarissa awoke to get ready for school. Other than her son, no one in the house was ever up earlier than she was, not even the maids, or the butler. Oh, how she wished that Henry would get more sleep once in a while. But there was no convincing a workaholic like him. She got out of bed and opened her bedroom shutters, letting the sunshine pour in. She looked out for a few moments at the beautiful courtyard before donning her robe and heading down for her tea, which she had every morning with an English muffin. Passing by the bedroom next to hers, she heard Glynnis snoring, and looked in to see her entire body spread out across the bed. Amusing. The next room down was Clarissa's. That room emanated the overpowering smell of Clarissa's perfume, which she often liked to spray everywhere. Jocelyn put her hand over her nose - she was prone to perfume headaches. The next room was where Clarissa's grandfather, Alistair, slept. He had a love for keeping doors and windows constantly closed, to give him a darker, stuffier environment. To each his own, Jocelyn supposed. Then, a little further down the hallway, she came to Henry's office. That door, too, was closed. But Jocelyn could see bright light shining from underneath. She smiled. He was working now, but in about two hours, he would be downstairs, drinking coffee and reading the newspaper. Today, however, she would be gone by then. She'd leave him a note. Her tea and muffin were both delicious as usual. Now she was back in her bedroom, in front of the mirror. Decked in a pastel blue-colored dress suit with white heels, she worked the clasp on the back of a long strand of pearls that hung around her neck. It matched her dainty pearl studs, and Jocelyn was satisfied with the outfit. She finished off with a bit of lipstick and blush, and a cream-colored hat with a blue silk flower. She then headed back down to write her note. By this time, Clarissa was downstairs as well, dressed in her Jasperstone uniform and reeking of perfume. \"Good morning, Clarissa.\" she said warmly. \"What happened to all the sugar?\" Clarissa immediately demanded. \"There's not enough left to put in my tea.\" Jocelyn thought for a moment. \"Well, we must have used it all. We'll just have to get some more.\" \"Mary should have refilled it a long time ago. Incompetence. Sheer incompetence.\" Jocelyn sighed, and sat down to write. \"I'm going with you to school today.\" she told the sugar deprived girl. \"Fine, fine, just fine.\" Clarissa said vaguely. A half hour later, the two of them were seated in the back of a shiny black luxury car. As they always did on Jocelyn's visits, they had left about twenty minutes early, to arrive before most everyone else. They both entered the school, where they were immediately met by one of the administrators. \"Mrs. Dashwood! What a surprise!\" The pair was immediately taken to the teachers' lounge, where they were given scones, and tea with plenty of sugar in it. A short time later, it was time for Clarissa to go to class. A while later, Jocelyn would start her tour. She would be led by another administrator through some of the classes, and then she'd walk with Clarissa at lunch. But for now, she'd just sit here sipping tea. No hurry, no hurry at all. \"She did WHAT?!\" Faye exclaimed. \"She stuck bubble gum in my gym shoes.\" Meghan replied. \"Or, well, she had someone else do it.\" \"Oh, how dreadful!\" Bridget cried. \"It wasn't that bad. I just had a little trouble getting my feet out of them without my socks coming off. They were really stuck. I still don't know how somebody keeps breaking into my locker.\" Thankfully, Meghan had been able to acquire the twenty-five pounds from Emma, who had been very understanding and generous. Emma had also known just how to get the molasses out of Meghan's skirt. \"Secret recipe from the old country.\" she had said of the special stain-removing mixture she had used. Now, Meghan wondered if Emma would be able to get the gum out of her gym shoes, which she now had in her book bag. Her PE clothes were in there as well - she wasn't taking the risk of leaving them in her locker again. At least, not until she was able to prove that it was being broken into. \"I've decided.\" Emily said, as she took a bite of peas. \"We have to get her. Somehow, we're going to do it. We just have to come up with a plan...\" \"Speak of the devil.\" Samantha said, looking up. \"There she is now - and Lady Dashwood's with her!\" Meghan froze. Faye and the others turned to look. \"Oh, my, she is! And what a lovely hat!\" Faye swooned. \"I'm partial to her shoes.\" Bridget commented. A few feet away... \"So there you have it, Grammy-dear.\" Clarissa said, more to her cluster of friends that followed than to Jocelyn herself. \"Everyone eating lunch at our lovely school.\" No one saw it, but Jocelyn almost rolled her eyes. Clarissa was acting artificial, which is what she usually did in public. But if Jocelyn had rolled her eyes, they might not have caught sight of a girl with wavy hair, quietly eating a short distance away. She saw four other girls surrounding her, one being Asian, quickly turn away when she caught them looking. When one girl in braids carefully stole another glance and realized that she wasn't the one being looked at, she fixed her gaze back on Jocelyn. \"Clarissa.\" the woman said, \"Who is that girl, over there?\" Clarissa tore herself away from her friends for a moment. \"What girl?\" \"That one.\" She pointed to Meghan. Clarissa scowled. \"Oh, that's just the mindless American exchange student who slammed into me on the first day of school.\" she said, disgusted. Jocelyn kept looking. Back at the lunch table... \"Meghan, do you know that Lady Dashwood is staring right at you?\" Faye quipped. Meghan looked up for a second. \"Well,\" she answered, \"I know now.\" She went back to her food. \"Faye's right.\" Samantha said. \"She's just fixated on your face.\" \"Yeah, well, that's nice.\" Again, the group was stunned. \"Aren't...aren't you going to go and speak to her?!\" Faye wanted to know.\" \"Why?\" \"Because...because she's Jocelyn Dashwood!\" \"Oh. That's nice.\" Faye just sat there, speechless. \"Why are you staring at her?\" Clarissa questioned. \"She crashed into me. She's nothing but rude and inconsiderate. Forget about her.\" Funny, I seem to know of someone else who is rude and inconsiderate. Jocelyn thought. \"Why don't you call her over here? I'd like to speak with her.\" Clarissa eyes grew as huge as microwave burritos. \"What?! Her?! You want to speak with her?! \" \"Yes. So, if you please.\" \"REYNOLDS!!!\" Begrudgingly, Meghan raised her head and looked in Clarissa's direction. \"Get over here!\" Reynolds... \"Clarissa, you could be a little more polite.\" \"Why? If you want me to converse with an American, then I'll act like one, too.\" \"I told you. I told you she wanted to talk to you.\" Faye said, excitedly. \"Or maybe, perhaps, I'm just going to get another round of insults from the blonde witch. What, Faye, do you think is more likely?\" Meghan asked, as she pushed herself up and turned to walk. She had to poke at the genius - it was all that kept her from having a nervous breakdown. Meghan walked straight as a rod, one decided step in front of another. She made herself smile brightly. Then, everything became very, very slow. Scowling Clarissa disappeared, taking the rest of the world with it as Meghan's eyes met Jocelyn's. She edged closer in a daze. Here...here things could drastically change. \"WATCH OUT!!!!!\" she heard, from a familiar perky blonde. \"No, Marcelle, not now!!!\" she heard another blonde hiss frantically. In the course of a lengthy second, Meghan turned her head the slightest bit, and her smile faded, and she drew in the tiniest breath, before something flew through the air, anticipating Meghan as its landing point... Splash Meghan woke up from her daze, soaked in a bright red liquid. She sputtered and coughed, and drew up her hand to pull wet hair from her face. Normally, this would be the part where everyone in the immediate vicinity would break into uproarious laughter. Now, however, the only person laughing was the prank's instigator, Marcelle, who had apparently been dropped on her head as a child. Everyone else was dead silent. In a few seconds, the dense one finally caught on to what she had done. With Lady Dashwood and everyone else staring at her, Marcelle quickly turned to Clarissa. \"But you told me! You told me to throw the punch on her as soon as she left the table!\" she whined. Everyone's gaze turned on Clarissa. Quickly, she folded her arms and stuck her nose in the air. \"I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.\" she stated with arrogance. \"How dare you accuse me of such a thing?\" Marcelle was quickly taken away by yet another staff member, all the while shouting, \"But Clarissa told me to! It was her idea!\" With that, everyone now turned to Meghan, waiting for her reaction. Meghan just stood there for a moment, shivering, not sure what to say. Finally, she looked Lady Dashwood in the face once again.\" \"Excuse me.\" she said simply, before turning in the direction of the ladies' room and plodding away, shoes making squishy noises as she went. It was the second time Jocelyn had seen that girl turn and walk away. There you have it! It was Jocelyn who saw Meghan that day in the crowd. Free Coco Puffs for everyone anyway though - you deserve it! Next two chapters will be up this Saturday! Look for them:) -rf-[Chapter 26] Well, it's Saturday! And believe it or not, I have in fact posted the next two chapters! (Look out your window, you may see a pig fly by). REALLY hope you enjoy them! Mrs.Scott323: Ha, I get what you're saying. Actually, I'm kinda getting sick of Clarissa too - I just put emphasis on her those two chapters to show just how evil she really is. But you'll be happy to know that the story's main focuses from here on out will be on Luke, and more so later, the Dashwoods. Clarissa will still be poking her evil head in every now and then, but she won't be monopolizing any more chapters. ;) Meghan rung her hair out into the sink, and pressed her hands on the ledge in front of the ladies' room mirror, leaning forward. She took a deep breath, trying to collect herself. Suddenly, she heard the door push open. She quickly turned away. \"Faye, I don't want to talk about it.\" she said. When she didn't hear the door close, she closed her eyes and crossed her arms, walking to the wall. \"Are you sure?\" came a voice that wasn't Faye's. Meghan's eyes popped open. \"Who're you?\" she asked, still facing the wall. \"I'm an old woman, who's very concerned.\" the stranger replied. Meghan turned around to a sight that made her want to tremble. Someone dressed in a blue pastel suit, with pearl jewelry. \"May I come in?\" she asked. \"...Yes.\" The woman advanced, and held out her hand. \"My name is Jocelyn. What's your name?\" The wet girl took her hand. \"Meghan.\" she answered. \"Well, nice to meet you, Meghan.\" Jocelyn said with a warm smile. Meghan's face softened as she smiled a little as well. \"Nice to meet you, too.\" They let go, and the woman folded her hands in front, looking regal once again. \"So what brings you to England?\" she asked. Meghan looked up to answer. \"I won a scholarship.\" A look came over Jocelyn that reminded Meghan of how her mother had reacted when she'd opened that letter. \"My! A scholarship? Congratulations! You must be a good student.\" Meghan shifted her gaze. \"Actually, no, not really. I just wrote an essay.\" \"Oh, well, it must've been a great one, to be good enough to bring you here.\" \"I guess.\" There was a pause. Meghan turned to lean on the ledge once more. \"I'll tell you one thing: you're a very mature young lady.\" Meghan looked at Jocelyn again. \"What makes you say that?\" she asked, confused. \"The way you handled that incident just now. You took what was dealt to you, and walked away with dignity.\" Meghan kept looking, and she smiled again. \"Well, I'm glad you thought I handled it well.\" \"Oh, very much so.\" the woman replied. \"But I must ask you - why didn't you yell at them when you had the chance? They certainly deserved it.\" Meghan turned away, and thought for a moment. \"Because I didn't feel that I had too.\" she turned back to Lady Dashwood. \"I'll go home, and I'll wash my hair and clothes, and I'll go to bed, and get up to come back to this school tomorrow morning. That's how I'll stand up for myself.\" Jocelyn just stood there for a few moments, looking at the girl, in great admiration of what she'd just heard. She looked straight into her face, her eyes, her persona, and decided something in her mind. She opened her mouth to speak. \"Well, I'm very, very glad to hear that, Meghan.\" she said. She then turned to walk to the door, and opened it, looking at the girl with another warm smile. And no one said another word as she walked out. Really, there was nothing they could've said that would have fit better than the knowing, comforting silence. Though Meghan's hair and clothes were a sticky mess, she came out of the school building in a joyful mood. She had spoken with THE Jocelyn Dashwood. Which wouldn't mean much to the great majority of American teenagers, but it meant the world to her. Faye, however, was rather sour. \"Meghan, I do NOT understand you. You stood up to Clarissa once, when she merely insulted us in a hallway. But she can shovel potatoes into your book bag, move your locker down with the rats, have her minions cut up your clothes and put used gum in your shoes, trick you into sitting in molasses, and HUMILIATE you in front of LADY DASHWOOD - and you say nothing.\" Emily, Bridget, and Samantha all felt the same way, though Ayaka, as usual, just kept on as a silent observer. Meghan wondered when that girl was ever finally going to say something. But to the ones who were talking, Meghan said this: \"It doesn't matter, you guys. It just doesn't matter.\" \"How can you say that?!\" cried Samantha, aghast. \"She needs to be stopped!\" \"Well,\" Meghan told her, \"one of these days, Clarissa is going to fall on her face, and the whole world will be there to laugh their heads off. You just have to let things run their course.\" \"Fine for you, Meghan. But I, for one, am tired of waiting. Clarissa needs to be punished.\" Meanwhile, the subject of the girls' conversation was walking with her cronies a short distance behind. Jocelyn had left after lunch, as she usually did, to be home for high tea. But she hadn't left before promising Clarissa a swift punishment for what she'd done, which would be dealt as soon as it was thought up. But the blonde girl really didn't care, however, because she had still gotten to see Meghan drenched in the drink of the day. Whatever petty, miniscule punishment she'd recieve would be worth it. Needless to say, she had a huge, devilish grin on her face as she walked out of the Jasperstone gates to wait for her chauffeur. While she waited, she entertained herself and her friends by throwing her usual insults at anyone within the general area - until she caught sight of Lucas Brenshire, walking in her direction. Her devilish grin turned to one of ditsy, sugary sweetness. He must be coming to ask if I'll have him as my escort again, for the next ball. Clarissa thought to herself. \"Luke, darling!\" she squealed as he approached her. \"I had a wonderful time last Sat - \" she stopped. Luke had gone right on walking. Puzzled as to why she had been overlooked, Clarissa turned around - to see him walk right up to... \"Meghan!\" The sticky girl turned, to see the boy she'd met before standing right in front of her. She smiled, stunned to see him, while Faye's mouth hung open with her friends' in disbelief. \"Uh, hi.\" \"Hello.\" he said, smiling right back at her. \"My friend Ian told me why you haven't called.\" Suddenly, someone shrieked. They all turned to see Little Miss Payne, shaking with fury. They saw her stomp off, in a rage, back through the school gates. Luke chuckled, turning back to Meghan, only to see that her smile had faded. \"Wait.\" he said. \"You didn't think that...her and I...you know...did you?\" he asked her. Meghan looked down. \"Well, that's certainly what it looked like.\" she said. \"I don't like her. I like someone else.\" he stated earnestly. Meghan looked back up at him. \"Who?\" He smiled again. \"Well, she has wonderful, wet brown hair, a sweet, gentle voice, and an amazing smile.\" he told her. \"And every time I see her, she makes feel happier, because she's something real in a world of lavish illusion.\" Meghan smiled a misty smile without thinking, looking into Luke's deep brown eyes, as the station wagon pulled up right beside her. Faye opened the door to the backseat. \"Meghan.\" she said. Meghan turned to Faye for a second, and then turned back to Luke. \"I - I have to go.\" she told him. And there he stood, watching her as she climbed into the car that would take her away. Then he turned to walk, back down to the school his great-great-great-great grandfather had founded, trying to think of where he'd go from here. Meghan was back at the Winthrop residence, in the dainty sitting room, doing homework and thinking. Jocelyn Dashwood was Henry's mother. That meant she had to have been there when he and Aunt Libby were in love. And seeing as Clarissa had shouted her last name at the top of her lungs, Meghan knew she was on Jocelyn's radar. She couldn't believe it. She'd been here a little over a week, and already, her existence was known to Daphne's grandmother. Meghan knew she had to have been right that night in the bedroom, by saying that the time had come. Things were starting to happen. Why, then, did Meghan feel so nervous? Because that's how she felt. Nervous. And then, there was Luke. Luke. His name sounded so wonderful. And he himself was sweet and sincere. Even the skeptical Faye was beginning to change her mind. \"Did you see that smirk on his face when he saw Clarissa storm off?\" she had said, amazed. \"Unbelievable.\" It was unbelievable. For someone who sat at the top of the social ladder to take notice someone who was being smashed underneath it, and think that person to be his equal. \"Meghan?\" Emma called. \"Yeah?\" \"Would you be a dearie and go out and get the mail fer me?\" \"Okay.\" she said, walking to the door. She opened it to go out to the mailbox, but was stopped in her tracks. Meghan bent down to pick up a small bouquet of flowers - pink daisies, to be exact, with a small card attached. She took the card out of its little envelope, and held it in the sun to read. Meghan - Maybe this will help to prove it to you... I meant what I said. -L.B.[Chapter 27] For three days after that, Luke waited and thought, watching Meghan enter her school each day, and come out each afternoon. She'd catch him watching, and their eyes would lock for a few seconds, before she'd hastily turn away. He could tell that she was still reluctant to trust him. So, on Friday afternoon, after watching that station wagon roll away yet again, Luke decided that he needed some help. This decision was made as he stepped into his limousine, after a useless conversation with John, who was on his third girlfriend that week. He opened his palm pilot and checked his schedule for the rest of the day, to see if there'd be time - that was just something you did when you were Morris Brenshire's great-grandson. He was satisfied to see that for a while, he was clear. Luke's car drove him in the opposite direction of where that station wagon had gone, into the aforementioned upper-class area. Within moments Luke saw sprawling mansions with their gates and courtyards. This didn't faze him; he was used to it. When they arrived in front of one particularly huge mansion, with \"Brenshire\" etched in script on a sign bolted to the surrounding stone wall, Luke's driver started to slow down, preparing to turn into the drive as soon as the gates were opened. \"No.\" Luke told him. \"Keep going.\" Immediately, the driver understood. He signaled to the guard, telling him not to open the gate, before driving right on down the road. They didn't have to go far before Luke arrived at his destination. Another guard stood out in front, behind similar-looking gates, that opened immediately to let the car through. The boy got out, and thanked the driver, who would wait for him outside. He then walked up to the door, and rang the fancy-sounding doorbell. The door was answered by a bald-headed man in a penguin suit. \"Master Luke.\" he said. \"What a pleasant surprise.\" Luke nodded and followed the butler inside. \"Are you here to see Miss Payne?\" the man inquired. \"Actually, no.\" Luke answered. A sly half-smile showed itself on the butler's face - he had already known the answer to that question. \"Right this way, then.\" he said, waving Luke along. Henry was slumped over his work, reading, as usual. Going over things to make sure they made sense. Rewriting things to have them make more sense. Taking a swig of coffee every three minutes. Oh, what was this? A knock on the door? \"Mother, I'm busy.\" he said, gently but loudly enough to hear. \"It's Master Luke, sir.\" came the reply. \"He's here to speak with you.\" He pondered a moment. Maybe a little break couldn't hurt. \"Alright, come in, come in.\" he told them. The door opened, and the butler showed Luke in, before walking off down the hallway to tend to other butler things. \"Well, hello, Lucas.\" Henry said, in a bright yet exhausted greeting. \"Hello, Lord Dashwood.\" Luke responded as he sat down. \"Now you know I've told you a hundred times - call me Henry.\" \"Well, when you stop calling me 'Lucas', maybe I will.\" The man smiled. \"Fair enough.\" he acknowledged. \"Now, what can I do for you?\" Luke hesitated for a second. \"Well, I was hoping that you might possibly give me some advice.\" Henry looked down and chuckled. \"Me? Advice?\" he asked, puzzled. \"Are you sure you've got the right person?\" \"I'm quite sure, yes.\" Luke answered. A small smile appeared on his face. \"Well, alright then. What advice would you like?\" Luke thought. \"This is going to sound strange.\" he said, choosing his words carefully. \"But it's concerning someone of the opposite sex.\" Immediately, Henry grinned, narrowing his eyes. \"Oh, my, isn't this a surprise! A girl for Lucas Brenshire. Now that's something you don't see very often.\" \"Uh, right, not too often.\" Luke said, still a little hesitant. \"But see, this is a little different.\" \"Really. How so?\" \"Well, she's actually not from here.\" Henry rubbed his chin, and pondered. \"Yes, that's probably why you're fond of her.\" he answered knowingly. \"Where's she from then, Yorkshire?\" \"No.\" \"Dartmoor?\" \"No.\" \"Birmingham?\" \"No. She's from New York.\" The man stopped for a minute. \"New York, the state? In America?\" \"Yes.\" \"Well, then. She really isn't from here, is she?\" \"I told you.\" \"And you're madly in love with her.\" Luke looked down. \"Well, I wouldn't say madly , exactly.\" Henry chuckled again. \"Oh, trust me - if you're talking to me about a girl , it's madly.\" \"Well,\" Luke said, \"the feeling isn't mutual.\" \"Oh?\" came the response. \"Why is that?\" Luke paused, again. \"Well, in short, she thinks I'm too good for her.\" Silence. Henry ran his fingers through his hair. \"Is that so?\" he finally said, more exhausted than before. Luke sat there for a minute, watching intently as the man thought. \"Uh, Lord Dash - I mean, Henry?\" \"Yes?\" \"Do you...have any suggestions?\" \"Oh, right. Well, uh, Luke , this kind of thing is very unlike you. I have a feeling you're quite serious about it.\" The boy nodded. \"And if that's true, the best suggestion I can make is to, er, really let her know. Of your feelings, I mean.\" Luke was quiet. \"How is that done?\" Henry thought intently. \"Well, something special, I should think. Perhaps.\" \"Like what?\" Silence. \"Sir?\" \"Take her riding.\" Henry immediately declared. A pause. \"W-what?\" \"Take her riding. Now, if you'll excuse me, my coffee mug seems to be empty, and I find I simply must refill it.\" Henry then examined the inside of the cup for a few more seconds, before standing up. He walked out, staring into space. Luke was left there alone, a bit confused. \"Alright.\" he said to nobody. Just then, he saw the butler walk by the open door. Having seen Luke in the office alone, the man backed up and looked in. \"That man doesn't get nearly enough sleep, does he?\" Luke asked. The butler shook his head. Man, I really loved that look Faye got on her face when Luke approached me, and said what he said. When she realized that her geniusness had failed her this time. I am, however, glad that she gave her input on the matter. I'm grateful, because I know she was only trying to protect me. And although she had been wrong about the whole thing being a trick and all, there were still a few things she was right about. Like about it being unheard of for someone of his status to be interesting in someone...well, of my status. At least, publicly unheard of. And she had been right about Clarissa crushing on him, that's for sure. For these reasons, the reasons she's right, I am reluctant. Reluctant to be involved with Luke. I have two different parts of me telling me two different things. The first part, honestly, feels quite strongly for that brown-haired boy. I know this because every time I see him, looking at me, all I really feel inclined to want to do is stand there and stare back. Stare back until one of us decides to come closer and make contact. And then, maybe I could talk to him, be around him, come to know him. It is because of the second part that I turn away in haste. The part that tells me that getting involved with Luke is only going to make me get hurt. The part that says I'd be dancing around a wildfire, when the whole reason I'm here is to light a steady flame for someone else's happiness. Does that make sense? I'm trying to be sensible about everything, low-profile, discreet. I want to show that I don't want to cause a huge uproar - I only want to tell the truth. A wrong move, and it'll be assumed that I was sent specifically by my aunt to, well, bring down the house. And starting a whirlwind romance with Luke might slightly portray something on that order. I mean, what will Jocelyn, who's onto me, think when she sees me stealing her almost-step-granddaughter's love object. So, there you have it. I'm afraid to advance on my pending affection (yes, I admit it, I have a pending affection) for Luke because of what everyone else will think. Is it just me, or does that sound kinda familiar? Well, there you are. I hope that was pleasing. The story's about to really start getting juicy... Anywayz, let me know what you think! Next ones will be posted very soon! -rf-[Chapter 28] I think you'll really like these next two chaps - they'll definitely go down as two of my favs! I certainly loved writing them! Mrs. Scott323: Glad you liked that! And let me tell you right now - you are so dead-on about the whole \"new generation\" thingy. It'll really be conveyed in 29... Call Me Mimsy: oooooh thank you! Hope you enjoy the movie:) It was Saturday morning in London. The house was relatively mellow, with Emma feeding Jacob custard, Anthony snoring, and Uncle Wallace watching yet another rousing cricket match. Faye and Meghan were downstairs, just finishing breakfast. Laurence, too, had just finished eating, and was now about to head off to work. \"Lovely breakfast, Emma, thank you.\" he said. Emma looked up and smiled. \"Oh, I almost forgot to tell you all - a health inspector is expected to drop in sometime this week. I'm quite confident that all will go well - we've always gotten good reports.\" Everyone listened. \"Still, I can't help but feel a bit nervous. Those inspectors are very exacting, quite stern. They always find those little things.\" \"I'm sure you haven't any reason to worry.\" his wife assured him. \"You're probably right.\" Laurence agreed, smiling. \"No use in worrying, anyhow. Well, I'm off to work.\" Meghan watched him head out the door, trying to figure how in the world someone would find anything wrong with that amazing restaurant. She wished she could bring Daphne to eat there - she'd love the food and the atmosphere almost as much as the scrufty, rugged, surfer-guy busboys. Setting her plate in the sink, Meghan went into the sitting room to study. She'd been doing a lot of that lately, after a not-so-nice grade on a math test and an even more not-so-nice chewing-out from Mr. Harlison. Faye went up the stairs to rearrange her closet, categorizing her clothes by color, which Meghan didn't see the need for considering most of Faye's clothes, that weren't uniforms, were pink. Emma left shortly after, taking Jacob to the park behind their house. So Meghan was left alone downstairs. Except for Uncle Wallace in the den. And he didn't count. She was studying exponents when she heard a knock on the door. Putting down her math book, Meghan was glad to have a distraction as she went to the door. The person behind it, however, made Meghan feel a bit like turning back to the numbers. \"Why, hello there.\" Lucas Brenshire said cheerily. Meghan was speechless for a second, her hand flying to the back of her neck to rub it. \"Um...\" she stammered. \"I...how...how'd you get here?\" \"Rode that.\" Luke answered, casually pointing to the sleek-looking motorbike that was parked just outside the short iron fence. \"No...no, I mean, how'd you know I lived here?\" He smiled at that. \"It's quite a funny story, actually - I have a friend, whose parents are friends with someone who has the home address of Mrs. Winthrop, who planned their wedding. And since you've been riding home with her, I assumed her house was where you were staying.\" Luke stopped, realizing he was rambling again. As he did this, Meghan vaguely heard Faye come down the stairs and stop a few feet behind her. \"Okay.\" Meghan told him. \"So why'd you come?\" \"I decided it might be a good idea to pay you a visit.\" Meghan smiled a little. \"Well, you're here. So what happens now?\" Now it was Luke who rubbed the back of his head. \"Well, actually, I kind of had an idea.\" Meghan cocked her head. \"And that is?\" \"I was wondering if you'd like to go for a drive with me. On my motorbike.\" She examined him, trying to compute this. \"You want me to go with you.\" \"Yes.\" \"On that?\" she asked him, pointing to the bike. \"Exactly.\" Meghan looked down, trying to think of what to say next. \"Are you nervous about the bike?\" he asked. \"Because it's quite safe, actually. I have an extra helmet.\" \"No...that's not it.\" Meghan found herself saying. Luke eyed her gently. \"What's troubling you, then?\" \"It's just that...I'm not really the guy-stealing type.\" she said, moving to the railing for the steps outside the door and leaning against it. There was a pause. \"Alright...I'm glad to hear that, but what do you mean?\" Meghan looked at him. \"Well, you're kinda already claimed by somebody else.\" \"Since when was I claimed by anyone?\" he said, his voice a bit heated. Meghan looked a bit taken aback. Seeing this, Luke immediately relented. \"Look, I know you're afraid.\" he said gently, coming closer to her. \"But all I'm asking for is a chance. Just one chance to prove this is real, because I can't help what I feel about you, and I know you feel something in return. I can see it.\" Meghan just stared at him, feeling a bit exposed. But she'd never been cared for in this way, never felt this kind of attention. And she wanted to keep feeling it, more and more, and give the same right back. She couldn't help but feel that turning her back on this would be a mistake. A mistake she should know not to make. \"Take me.\" she suddenly said to him. \"Don't let me think about it anymore.\" And so, with a smile, Luke suddenly grabbed her arm, pulling her down the steps and out of the yard. He handed her that extra helmet, and she sat down behind him on the motorbike. She held on as they sped away, Faye watching from the doorway. In a split second, she was in a different world. She, Meghan, in her Bratty Brunette t-shirt and white tiered skirt and flip-flops, was in some kind of wonderland, speeding through London on the back of a gentleman's scooter. There were other motorbikes, even some that carried other girls in skirts. But this one was different. Because it was this speeding vehicle that Luke was using to welcome her, and only her, to a secret, splendid land she'd never seen. Stores were lovely, especially the stores here. So were the cafés. And she'd seen plenty of stores and cafés on her trip with Faye and Emma. But she hadn't seen the real London. The one you could never experience by watching television, or looking at magazine pictures. You couldn't see it by just shopping, or visiting a bunch of museums and gardens and nothing more. What you had to do was just go out there, speed through, fly by, see what you could see, and just be mesmerized. Not think, not plan, just go. And see. They did just that, Meghan holding on tight to Luke's back, becoming increasingly comfortable doing so by the second. Her hair whipped against her neck, the wind rushing through her. And she saw everything she'd seen before and more - all the palaces, all the huge old buildings, all the double-decker buses, and every angle of the giant clock. She then became suddenly aware of them passing the street on which the academy was located. But the view was different. Luke didn't turn onto this street - instead, he drove right past it. They were on the other side. A new area, that Meghan was unfamiliar with. Instead of seeing modest houses like that of the Winthrops', she saw mansions, with big, symmetrical front yards and stone walls with gold plates bolted to them. And suddenly, a pang of familiarity hit as she caught sight of one in particular. She could just barely glimpse one word of print on its gold plate - Dashwood. Luke didn't notice this, however, and sped right on by, apparently heading to another destination. But he didn't go much farther, however, before slowing down in front of what looked to be another mansion like those she'd just seen. She read 'Brenshire' on this gold plate, and was instantly astonished. In some way, it seemed she apparently hadn't fully comprehended, until now, what Faye had told her before, because this was just too surreal. That Luke wanted her here. That he wanted to show her the life that he knew. The boy had known she'd be surprised, as he turned to Meghan and grinned. \"Welcome to Brenshireland.\" he said, modestly. \"Or, well, my house.\" Meghan just stared as the huge iron gates opened for the two teenagers on their diminutive motorized two-wheeler. \"Whoa.\" Luke chuckled and drove in, past the gate guard who nodded at them. Meghan noticed a look of wonder on the man's face, but it didn't look malicious, so she didn't mind. She felt kind of special. They drove around to the side of the big building, where Luke killed the motor and took off his helmet, which told Meghan to do the same. He hung both of these on the handlebars, before starting to walk back around to the front. Meghan, however, just stood, still in shock. He promptly stopped and looked back. \"Well, come on then!\" he said, smiling again. She came, and he took her hand. Meghan was lead back around, up round white steps, and through big, white doors. What lay inside was most fanciful and elaborate. The ceilings were sky high. The floors were gleaming marble. The furniture had claws. And everything was as symmetrical as the courtyard. Meghan was in awe. \"This is where you live? \" \"Yes, this is it.\" Luke immediately started walking again, a bit faster, leading Meghan further into the house. He kept walking until they reached a door in the back, which he quickly pushed open. He dragged Meghan through and into the lovely but huge backyard. Before she had time to gawk at this, however, he broke into a bit of a run, excited, pulling her further to the back and through yet another door. Finally, he stopped, and let go of Meghan's hand, now only lightly touching it as her mouth dropped open. Before her lay what seemed like miles of sprawling countryside. Gorgeous, rolling grasses with dirt pathways, sunshine everywhere. She looked at Luke incredulously, her face in pure astonishment. He merely kept smiling, and asked her what she thought. \"Beautiful.\" was all she could say. He took her hand again, pulling her in yet another direction. \"Wait.\" she told him. \"Where are we going?\" Without stopping, he told her. \"The stables.\"[Chapter 29] Meghan was now being lead into a long, wooden building. In a dazed euphoria, she followed Luke as he stepped in, onto thousands of little woodchips. Into a building that smelled like horses, but not at all in a bad way. He let go of her hand and stepped a few feet ahead of her, and Meghan stopped in the doorway. She couldn't seem to get over her amazement. Luke walked over to one horse in particular, a black one, and stroked the top of his head. With his free hand, he motioned for Meghan to come inside. She walked to where he was standing. \"This one's name is Jim.\" he said. \"You can touch him, if you want. He's very gentle.\" Meghan hesitated, then carefully did so. \"He feels so soft.\" was all she could say, as she looked at the horse's calm face. She noticed that Luke, however, was looking at her. Meghan turned her head, and he smiled. She found herself doing the same, before another creature caught her eye - a chestnut brown horse in the corner. Meghan found herself walking over to it. She could already tell that this horse was just as mellow as Jim, if not more, and without thinking reached out to stroke its brown fur. Luke stayed over by Jim, leaning back as he watched Meghan. \"Her name's Penny Lane.\" Meghan heard him say. Meghan turned her head, and her eyes met with Luke's. She felt herself starting to melt a little, supported only by his gaze. She kept stroking the horse, but couldn't tear her eyes away... \"Penny Lane?\" a blonde woman asked as she felt the softness of the chestnut horse's neck. \"Like the Beatles song?\" The man standing a few feet away chuckled, looking down. \"It was Mother's idea.\" he told her. \"She's always had a strange fancy for their music.\" Luke stepped over to pet the brown horse with Meghan. They both smiled as he scratched the creature's ear. \"I guess the name kinda fits.\" Meghan found herself saying. \"I mean, she is a little penny-colored.\" \"She's been here longer then almost all the others.\" Luke said. \"I have to say, she's one of my favorites.\" \"Has she been here long?\" Libby asked. \"Not long.\" Henry answered. \"Just a couple of years, maybe. Long enough for me to know how much she likes to have her ears scratched.\" The woman smiled. \"I can tell.\" Meghan watched Luke as he worked his fingers, giving Penny Lane much pleasure. \"She really likes that.\" Luke nodded. \"She likes most anything, as long as you're touching her.\" he said. \"Just be careful not to hold your finger in front of her mouth - she might think it's a carrot.\" Meghan laughed. \"I know, I know, just warning you, is all. Because I will NOT have your finger getting bitten off.\" \"Glad to hear that.\" Libby told him. \"But don't worry, no one's getting bitten. I'm not horsy food.\" Luke took Meghan's hand, to \"guard it, just in case\". She smiled, bashful, looking down. Luke grinned right back. \"What say we take her for a ride?\" Meghan looked back up, and cocked her head. \"I thought you said she was old.\" A chuckle. \"She may be up in age, but she can run with the best of them.\" he told her. He let go of Meghan's hand to open the gate, leading the horse out, through the stable, and outside. She followed him, and soon Penny Lane had a saddle on her back. Luke crouched down, now on one knee, and he clasped his hands together, holding them out for Meghan. \"Step on up, m'lady.\" Libby set her foot into Henry's strong hands, grabbing onto the horse and quickly swinging her other leg over, almost falling in the process. They both laughed as Henry climbed up to sit in front of her. \"Hold on.\" he said, before feeling two arms loop tightly around his waist. \"Are you ready?\" Luke asked Meghan. \"Yes.\" Immediately, Luke moved his legs, and the horse started its motion. Within seconds, Penny Lane had gathered speed, making Meghan nervous. She hugged Luke tighter, at first a bit afraid she'd tumble off. But as they eased into an even gallop, the wind kicking up her hair as it had on the motorbike (but better), she felt her anxiousness fall away, leaving an invigorating rush in its place... Libby was in elation, enraptured with joy. The world was spinning by, her heart thumping in time with Henry's, and with the horse's hooves as they pounded the earth. She was glowing, warmed by the magical sunshine that encircled her. Glowing, too, from the pleasure of the pure, immense, unfailing love she felt for this man. Such ecstasy, such bliss... Meghan was a princess, riding the rays of the sun. More and more, she began to fall into a kind of love she'd thought she might never experience. And yet, a bit of it was familiar, like something she'd somehow felt before, but in a different way... Speeding by on a Beatles song, the scenery changed every minute. Trees, flowers, acres of green grasses swaying. Everything was changing continuously, but for the one she held in her arms, his love a constant she could always hold on to... And happily, Meghan realized she was living her daydream, and Luke looked nothing like Fabio... This was the way it had always been. Ever since Morocco. They were where they belonged, together, free in the countryside. In nature, where an instinct took hold that wasn't animal, but elegant and lovely. What she'd always been looking for in her hippie philosophy, she was finding with a stuffy englishman... \"You're not stuffy at all, are you, Henry?\" Henry glanced back. Luke glanced at Meghan. \"Stuffy? Me?\" Faye was shocked out of her mind. She'd just witnessed the live-in American exchange student speed off on the back of Lucas Brenshire's motor-scooter. She'd never met anyone who confused her as much as Meghan Reynolds did. One minute, she'd be gung-ho bring-it-on nothing-stands-in-her-way patriotic. The next minute, she'd seem to want to run and hide in a hole. Meghan had been the picture of etiquette, and the definition of an American teenager. She'd been reserved to the point of fading, and then an over-the top attention getter. Going on a shopping trip with overflowing enthusiasm, and flipping over to the side of sickness after three minutes of a speech from Lord Dashwood. Taking a stand against the populars in a hallway, only to henceforth adopt a philosophy of ignorance that frankly drew equally as much attention from everyone around her, due to the fact that such ignorance had never before been attempted. It was like Clarissa could step all over Faye and her friends, and Meghan wouldn't ever even care. Granted, Meghan herself was being put through more than any of the rest of them. But why, all of a sudden, did it not affect her? Faye sat on her pink, ruffly canopy bed as she thought this. She wasn't supposed to get this confused. She was a genius! She wanted answers, and she wanted them now. All at once, the blonde girl noticed something. A strange noise, coming from the other side of the room. Seemingly, from behind Meghan's bed. Faye stood up and walked over, only to see Benny The Cat, clawing at Meghan's brown hobo bag. \"Benjamin Jefferson Winthrop! You stop that this instant!\" Faye grabbed the bag, causing Benjamin to hiss, then bolt off out the door. She was dismayed to find that a large amount of the threads at the bottom of Meghan's bag had been completely torn out. The result was a hole, and even as Faye held the bag in her hands, things spilled out and onto the floor. Lip gloss, passport, money, that business card she'd seen once before. Faye quickly grabbed at the hole, holding it closed. This was unfortunate, but she was sure it could be easily fixed. Namely, by her mother. Faye stooped to pick up what had fallen out, and noticed something she hadn't seen before, a plain, white envelope with no writing. And it was then that Faye found her answers. And then some. Ooooh, juicy. Well, I hope. Were these satisfactory? In any way poetic? Hope so! -rf-[Chapter 30] Here are the next two chappies!!! A word for the reviewers: Christine Writer: I honestly do not know. Faye is dabbling where she should not be dabbling. XD scenester7002: Oh, I hope I haven't confused you! I left a bunch of stuff out?! Well, actually, that doesn't surprise me. Glad you liked it anyway though! Please keep reading:) Mrs. Scott323: Sosososososo happy you loved it!! Worked super hard on 29! Tried to make it very romantic! So happy it worked! Jocelyn Dashwood had been in deep thought, for a long time. Not about the wedding, or the election, which are the things she probably should've been thinking about. But now, she found herself deliberately pushing these things to the back of her mind. For something else was dominating her thoughts. That something, or rather, some one, was who seemed like an ordinary schoolgirl. But Jocelyn suspected that she wasn't so ordinary. She'd latched on that face from the first time she'd seen it, in the crowds that had come to watch her son speak. That face had been so jarringly familiar. And the girl was American, second of all. That was another point. And then, with her last name, it had been sealed. Jocelyn had known at once, therefore, that she must find a way to speak with Henry on this matter. Because deep inside, there was a thought that she was trying to avoid. A possibility that shook her, all the way through. The girl had brown hair. The girl was tolerant of Clarissa. Exceptionally tolerant. And...she was the right age. In truth, Jocelyn had always had her suspicions. The woman's erratic behavior shortly before her disappearance, her midnight trips to who knows where, her sudden liking of porridge, which had before brought her to the point of gagging. And now, ever since she'd spoken to that brown-haired girl, she'd felt especially inclined to avoid being in the presence of a certain Mr. Alastair Payne - whom she'd always blamed for the whole mess, despite his attempts at portraying good character. Jocelyn, to put it quite frankly, was not an idiot. The only reason she ever put up with him, really, was for Henry. Jocelyn hated to admit it, but as shrewd as Alastair was, he was excellent at his job. He took to political advising like ducks took to water. He was born for it, it seemed. And he kept her son in line, which is something she had often failed at doing herself. The problem now was that Henry was too in line, it seemed. It was all work for him now. Sure, he had his morning talks with Jocelyn every day, when he read the paper and drank his coffee - Jocelyn would never let it be otherwise. And sure, he'd sneak his occasional late night bowl of sugary cereal. And he thought she didn't know. Ha! But because of Mr. Payne and his pushy ways, most of that poor man's time was spent buried in campaign matters, and public speaking matters, and any other matter that might arise. And Glynnis, herself buried in wedding matters - well, swimming in them, really, with a lovely backstroke - fit perfectly into that equation. And this was all Henry's choice - Jocelyn didn't really have much of a say. She had no choice but to go along with things. But that didn't mean it was right not to bring this NEW matter to his attention. And now, sitting there sipping tea, she concluded that the importance of this situation could no longer be overlooked. The time had come. She would talk to Henry. Jocelyn daintily set down her tea, and stood. She then gingerly commenced the short walk to the office. She pulled her chin up firmly, taking deliberate steps. Now, she decided, she could not turn around. Once this woman started something, she never stopped until an accomplishment had been made, however large or small. It was just the way she was. This hard determination ran through her mind as she stepped into the hall. She had set her gaze in the right direction when she was suddenly thrown off by a rather large, moving shape that came out of nowhere. It was Lucas Brenshire, son of their dear friend Matthew, who lived not far away. The boy passed her in his haste, almost in a run. Immediately after, however, he stopped, and turned to face Jocelyn for a minute. \"Excuse me, Miss Dashwood.\" said the boy, son of their friend Matthew, who lived not far away. \"That's quite alright, Lucas.\" Jocelyn chuckled. \"Go on then.\" And so, Lucas, son of Matthew, who lived not far away, went on. And Jocelyn followed. From the woman's point of view, young Lucas looked to be positively ecstatic, to the point of having almost completely lost his wits. Or at least, that was the impression she'd gotten from his immediate bursting into Henry's office. \"I've done it!\" she heard him shout at the top of his lungs. Having approached the doorway, she stood by the wall just outside. Luke didn't seem to notice. \"I took your advice and it worked! Lord Dashwood, I've finally done it!\" \"Henry! Call me Henry, Lucas!\" the man sputtered, instantly alarmed - and very startled. \"What is it?\" \"She believes me!\" Luke cried, still in jubilation. \"I took her riding, just like you said. And now, she wants to meet with me again! She's in LIKE with me!!!\" \"What, you mean the girl? The one from New York you were talking about?\" \"That very one.\" Luke stated proudly. \"Sir, I just can't believe it! I...I'm at a loss for words, I -\" \"Calm down, Lucas. I've never seen you this excited! What's gotten into you?\" \"I'm in love!\" he exclaimed, practically jumping up and down. \"I'm insanely, madly, falling-down-laughing in love! That's what it is! Exactly what it is! And it's wonderful.\" He spun around, and Henry watched, amused, his hands on his hips. \"Well, I'm glad to hear that.\" he said. \"You certainly seem different from yesterday.\" \"I felt it then, too.\" Luke told him. \"But it's different now. Now, I have a chance. And I just wanted to thank you.\" Henry smiled. \"Well then. You've just made my day. I'm glad I was able to help.\" Luke grinned again, once more overflowing with excitement. \"Thank you, so much, again! Thanks to you, I've finally won the heart of Meghan Reynolds!\" he shouted, before running out, whooping and waving his arms in the air. Henry was left standing there, hands still on his hips, a blank look on his face. Slowly, he turned around, now facing away from the door, seeming to be in deep concentration as he thoughtfully examined the wall behind his desk. Jocelyn saw this as she peeked in for a second, and heard him let out a long breath. She then moved backward, and turned back toward the room she's just left. Her work here was done. I was a very, very happy girl as I reentered the Winthrop household that late Saturday afternoon. Emma, who was sitting at the table, glanced up at me. \"Oh, Meghan, you were outside?\" she asked me. \"Faye told me y'were studyin' in the bedroom.\" I looked at her. \"I needed some fresh air.\" I said. And I think that was the truth. Because I felt absolutely wonderful. Like I'd stopped denying myself something I needed. And sure, there was still a little voice inside that nagged me, about the image I was putting forth by what I was doing. But Luke didn't seem to be nervous about it, so...maybe I shouldn't be nervous either. I climbed the stairs and entered the room I shared with Faye. She looked up from a book she was reading on her bed. \"Hey, thanks for covering for me.\" I told her. She looked at me for a second. \"Oh, it wasn't any trouble.\" she finally answered. I spied my hobo bag on the ground, and stoop ed to pick it up. \"Oh my gosh!\" I exclaimed. \"There's a great big hole in the bottom!\" \"Yes, I meant to tell you - Benny was clawing on it a while ago.\" \"Your mother can fix it, right?\" \"I'm sure she can.\" Faye said, sounding a bit dazed. I don't blame her, seeing as she'd just watched me speed off with a guy I hardly knew. \"Did you have a nice trip?\" I laughed. \"Sorry for leaving you like that. As a matter of fact, yes, I did have a good time. He wants to see me again - after school on Monday. I'll ask your mom about it, but I'm sure it'll be okay.\" Faye went back to her book. Confused as I was about Faye's lapse in her normal talkativeness, I knew that I had a math book waiting to be studied. Dumb Mr. Harlison. I sat on my bed with said book, trying to turn my attention to the numbers, but to no avail. My mind kept drifting to the guy with the golden eyes and the brown curly hair. And that calm, wonderful smile. It was a smile that had feeling behind it. It wasn't shallow, and it meant more than just simple infatuation. It felt new, and comforting. And with all of the junk I was going through, those eyes and that smile were a welcome sight to me, one that brought safety and relief. Despite the fact that I didn't know this person, and that a relationship would be unconventional, it felt alright. That look he had on his face when he'd asked for that chance - it made things seem alright. I tried. I really tried to concentrate on my algebra. But only one equation stood out to me. Luke + Meghan[Chapter 31] It was that time again. Time for Meghan to call home - and this time, dang it, she would talk to Daphne. She was dying to talk to Daphne. Operator. One moment please. Ring. Ring. Ring. \"Hello?\" \"Mom!\" \"Meghan, sweetheart! How are you?\" \"Very good, thank you for asking. You?\" \"We're doing well. Chinese food tonight.\" Meghan groaned. \"Please, mother, can you tell me why you would put me through such torture as to disclose that the three of you will be enjoying the great and wondrous delight of this world that is Chinese food, while I am forced to sit in the misery of knowing that I'll be missing my precious sweet-and-sour chicken, instead having to dine on despicable corned beef and CABBAGE?!! \" Catherine laughed. \"Hey, be glad she's not Scottish, or else you'd probably have to eat haggis.\" \"You're not helping.\" \"Honestly, Meghan, I cannot for the life of me understand why you so dislike corned beef and cabbage. You know your Grandpa Shore makes the best in the world.\" \"Yeah, well, good for him.\" \"Whatever. Aside from that, how are things at school?\" \"Er, well, I now have a private locker, a new set of P.E. clothes, and a knowledge of how to get any possible stain out of any possible piece of fabric.\" \"Sounds wonderful, honey. Wanna talk to you aunt?\" \"Okay, if she's not busy shoving rice in her mouth.\" \"We'll send you a fortune cookie, okay?! Now here she is.\" And so, Meghan talked to Libby, disclosing nothing more than she'd disclosed to her mother, and feeling overwhelmed with all the things she was holding back. But to Daphne, she would be more honest. If she could ever get her on the phone. \"That's good.\" she told her aunt, who had just informed Meghan of a recent hit performance at a wedding. Apparently, everyone had had a little bit more champagne than normal that night, but Libby had benefited greatly from it. \"Can I talk to Daphs?\" \"Oh, Meghan, I am SO sorry, but she's staying at Jewel's tonight. I'm afraid you'll have to wait another week.\" Meghan was silent for a moment. \"Okay, lemme get this straight, Aunt Libby. You're telling me that there is yet another sleepover being held, conveniently on the night designated for me to call, and so therefore, I still can't talk to my ditsy cousin?\" \"Mmm-hmm. Pretty much.\" \"Oh, well okay. Oh! You know what? I have to do something really quick. Can I call you back?\" \"Sure, Meghan.\" Five minutes later... \"Hey, Jewel.\" \"Meghan?! Waz up, girl! I haven't seen you in forever! Are you having fun in France?\" \"England, Jewel. Can I talk to Daphne?\" \"Daphne?\" \"Yes, Daphne. She's sleeping over with you.\" \"Daphne's not sleeping over with me.\" \"Oh, she isn't?\" \"No. What've you been smokin', Meghan?\" \"Nothing, Jewel, just my aunt.\" \"You've been smokin' your aunt?!\" \"No! I'll e-mail you later. Gotta go.\" Another five minutes later... \"Hello?\" \"Aunt Libby, hey! Listen, I just talked to Jewel.\" \"You did?\" \"I did. And funny enough, as it turns out, there is no sleepover, and Daphne's not there! What do you make of that?\" \"Um...\" \"I'll tell you what I make of it. I think it tells me that you're a DIRTY LIAR!!!\" \"Er...\" \"My aunt is a big, fat, dirty liar. Liar.\" \"I -\" \"Liar.\" \"Just - \" \"Liar.\" \"Meghan, please - \" \"Liiiiiiiiaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrr.\" \"Alright! Alright! I get it. And I'm sorry. But Daphne made me do it.\" \"Don't even TRY to pin it on her -\" \"I'm not. But she...\" Libby lowered her voice. \"Meghan, Daphne's afraid to talk to you.\" \"Why?\" \"Why do you think?\" Here, Meghan paused. \"Well, okay. Where is she though? Really? \" \"Up in the bedroom. And by the way, Meghan, the first time you called - when I said she was in the shower - that was the truth. But apparently, an online chat took place since then.\" Meghan felt slightly guilty. \"Please, Aunt Libby.\" she pleaded. \"I'm begging you. Get her on the phone. Let me talk to her.\" \"But...I...\" \"Please.\" Silence. \"Alright.\" Meghan then heard footsteps on hard wooden stairs, a door creaking open, and voices in the background, before finally, after two weeks, she heard her cousin's voice once again. \"Hi, Meghan.\" \"Hey. Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine.\" \"Tell me the truth, Daphne.\" A long, long pause commenced. \"You really want the truth, Meghan?\" \"Yes.\" Daphne hesitated. \"The truth is, I'm really scared.\" Daphne's staticky voice wavered. \"Well, do you want to know the truth?\" \"What do you mean?\" Daphne asked. \"I mean, everything.\" \"Everything?\" \"Yes, everything. That your grandmother went to the same school I'm going to. That her son is about to be married. That his fiancée's daughter is one of my classmates. That this classmate has been incessantly ridiculing me. That she's in love with a guy who just took me horseback riding. That this guy is actually in love with me. That I think I actually might be starting to like him back.\" Daphne was speechless. \"Are you still scared?\" Meghan asked her. \"Yes.\" \"Yeah, well, so am I.\" And so, they talked. For a really, really, really long time. Early Monday morning, Meghan and Faye marched into school as usual. Also as usual, Meghan attracted stares from pretty much everyone in the immediate area. Paying them no mind, Meghan kept walking with her companion, only to meet up with four girls standing outside of a classroom. While Faye simply stood there, confused and still oddly silent, Meghan decided to question the method to the four girls' madness. \"Why are we standing right in front of this classroom?\" A sly, devilish grin spread across Emily's face. \"This classroom, Meghan, just happens to be the classroom that houses Clarissa The Terrible's first class of the day.\" Meghan kept looking at her and the other girls who, with the exception of one, all had those strange, conniving expressions on their faces. \"And this concerns me because...?\" \"Because today, my dear friend, it is someone else's turn to bathe in the Drink of the Day.\" Meghan's eyes traveled upwards toward the top of the door, which was standing ajar. They rested on something gray and metallic perched at its summit. Just as the truth registered, the bell rang. Meghan began to panic. \"What if someone else goes in there first? We'll be suspended!\" \"Oh, don't worry about that. She's the teacher's pet. She's always the first one here. I know because I have this class, and I'm always the second one here.\" With this, Meghan's panic grew worse. Now that the signal had been sounded for class to begin, everyone was shuffling around as they always did, and Meghan could already see the blonde witch as she rounded the corner. Her mind reeled, unsure of what to do. She looked at mischievous Emily, Samantha, and Bridget, then at oblivious Ayaka, and then at Faye, who had a strange, stony look on her face. Then, Meghan acted. She karate-kicked the door open. However, the mischief makers had apparently made an error in physics, due to the fact that the metal bucket they'd set on top of the door did not spill punch, but instead swung down, still full of the liquid, bashing Meghan straight in the face. Of course, this cause the world to stop, and to turn all their attention toward her. Meghan, shocked and disoriented, held her hand to her nose, which was now bleeding. Faye stood silent as her three friends' mouths hung open. \"Well, what have we here.\" It was the teacher, who'd arrived near his classroom shortly before Meghan kicked the door open. \"Apparently, you five decided to play a cruel prank on an innocent exchange student.\" The events that followed were that of Meghan's being taken to the nurse, of Faye, Emily, Samantha, Bridget, and Ayaka's being taken to the headmaster in the opposite direction, and of Clarissa's watching it all in sheer amusement. To Christine Writer - thanks for the idea which I have now used. :) Meghan: rhapsodyflower, why do you keep bashing me?! I'm going to end up dead!!! rhapsodyflower: Don't worry. You won't die. I hate to kill people off, and besides, I would never let you down. Plus (cough) you're crucial to the plot (cough). Meghan: Oh, okay. Hey, wait a minute...?! rf: He he just kidding lol. The Meghan-bashing will end soon. In fact, the next chapter is called \"The Patriot\". Meghan: ooooohhhh I like rf: Thought you would. Now go back to sitting silent in the nurse's office. Here's a cookie. Meghan: Yum. -rf-[Chapter 32] Hey! Tonight will be the second time that I will only be posting one chapter, because it's super long - and ends with a juicy cliffhanger. scenester7002: Hope your problem clears up! Still very glad you're reading, and I hope you get all the good parts at least, if nothing else. Mrs.Scott323: Ya gotta love Jocelyn, so classy and yet so fun. And about the letter - have you noticed any changes in Faye's personality? ;) Fortunately, Meghan's nose wasn't broken. But something else was fractured, and that thing was the faith of Faye's friends in Meghan. Because while Meghan had been allowed to return to class after her nose stopped bleeding with nothing but a small bump on her head (amazing for the bashing it took), Faye and the others were all sent home with suspensions. Meghan hadn't been sure what to do. The prank hadn't been meant for her, but it had been meant for someone, and what difference did it make who it was meant for? And though she knew that Ayaka, as innocent and oblivious as she was, had no part of it - there was no way Meghan could've proven that. The only one Meghan was able to testify for was Faye, who'd been with Meghan the whole time. But the strangest thing had happened, when Meghan went to the headmaster's to put in her two cents. \"Faye came to school with me. I know that she had no part in it.\" \"Is this true, Miss Winthrop?\" Faye had looked down, silent for a minute. \"It is true that I went to school with Meghan. But I am just as much, if not more, at fault as they are.\" she'd said, motioning toward the four other girls. \"In fact, it was my idea.\" The headmaster had just looked at her, stunned, along with everyone else. \"Your idea to have the exchange student, who's staying with you, be hit with a bucket?\" Faye had stared to the side for a moment. \"No. The prank wasn't aimed for her.\" \"Who, then?\" \"Clarissa. Meghan was trying to stop us.\" This shocked Meghan. By admitting to organizing a prank against Clarissa, Faye had just done the equivelent of admitting to trying to prank the headmaster himself. Clarissa was linked to Jocelyn Dashwood. And Jocelyn Dashwood had funded the new computer lab they'd just had built - and probably a considerable bonus in Mr. Raspron's pay every once in a while. Needless to say, this caused to headmaster to absolutely boil. The punishments of all five girls were extended from one day to three. And Faye, the alleged \"ringleader\", recieved FIVE days. Meghan couldn't believe what Faye was doing. Her education was so important to her. But what would a five-day suspension look like on her permanent record? What would the big wigs at Oxford think when they read her transcript? This was CRAZY. \"Faye, don't do this. You know what you said isn't true. You're innocent. You wouldn't do something like that...\" But Faye had just bowed her head as she was led out the door, the other four behind them. Emily, Bridgett, and Samantha had scowled at Meghan until they reached the end of the hall. Meghan had watched them the whole way. Faye had only turned once, looking at Meghan, forlorn, before bowing her head once again as she turned the corner and went out of sight. \"Jocelyn will hear of this, you can be sure.\" Mr. Raspron fumed to Meghan. \"But I'll make sure to tell her of the brave girl who put a stop to the incident.\" Meghan looked at him. \"Don't bother.\" she said, before walking off toward Ms. Blithe's class, rubbing her head. Well, as you can tell, I was already having a pretty crummy day. So by the time I got to English class, I was too scatterbrained to think anything about the man who was sitting near Ms. Blithe's desk. You may remember that day in town, when I'd seen those five people up at the podium. Two of them were related to my cousin, on was a blood-sucking leech, and one was a wannabe Business Barbie doll - though, if you ask me, she would've been better suited as Lumberjack Barbie. He he. The remaining person was someone I'd branded as being \"creepy\", with the name \"Shakespeare's evil twin\". Despite this, however, I still had given this guy the benefit of the doubt, you know? I mean, as much as Faye had said against the woman \"Glynnis\" and her daughter Clarissa (whose dispicableness I've seen firsthand), she'd said nothing about that guy. Actually, I didn't even know his name. Until today. Anyway, there I was, all drowsy and out of it as usual, and the bell had just rung, and Ms. Blarf was getting up to speak. \"Class.\" she said, in a slightly less droning voice than usual,\"I am very pleased and honored to present to you this day a very special guest speaker, Mr. Alaistar Payne, who as you all must know is Clarissa's grandfather, and advisor to Lord Dashwood. I would like you all to give him your full and undivided attention as he speaks to you this afternoon.\" This, of course, is a bit of news to me, but as you always must do at this school, I do as I am told. So, exhausted, I clamped my hands together on my desk in the front row, rather like I used to do in first grade. I drowsily tilted my head up. There might be something interesting here, I thought. \"So at this time, sir, \" she says, turning to him, \"I'll go ahead and turn them over to you.\" She motions for him to get up, and he complies. Then, she plops down in her seat as the man takes the stage. \"Well.\" he says, with a bit of an undisposed air in his voice, \"Thank you for that, er, lovely introduction, Ms...\" \"Blithe.\" she finished for him, with a little more drone. \"Blithe.\" he repeated. \"Yes, thank you. Well then. Hello to all of you, especially you, my dear Clarissa...\" He eyes her with a funky grin, she throws a ditsy wave, blah blah blah. \"And I must say, I really can hardly contain my (cough) enthusiasm, to be talking to a portion of this year's exiting class.\" That was clear sarcasm, which told me he'd probably rather be somewhere else. Join the club, buddy. \"But here there is something I must say. There are many things I loathe, ladies, many, many things I loathe. But perhaps one thing that I loathe the most is the lack of knowledge of classic English literature in today's generation.\" Oh, boy. This was gonna be fun. \"Now as you know, I have a very prominant, high-profile position in British society. But let me tell you, I did not get to that point overnight. I worked for it.\" He said this with a little more vigor. \"I studied. I solved. I took risks. But most of all, I read.\" He pauses for a moment and puffs up his chest. \"I will elaborate. Who here is familiar with the poet and playright, Shakespeare?\" Ha! So he IS the evil twin! Worry not, Shakespeare, for I will defend your honor... I'm thinking. But for the moment I just raise my hand, along with the rest of the class. \"Yes.\" he says through his teeth in a low voice, throwing us a peircing stare. \"I figured as much. But how many of you have the entire works of Shakespeare committed to memory?\" All of us, including Clarissa, put down our hands. \"Ah.\" he says with a conceited grin. \"That is something I have in my possession, along with a wealth of other knowledge.\" For the record, I highly doubt that. I'm just saying. \"Now, of course, I'm not expecting all of you to go that far. We must be realistic - you'd probably push yourselves too far. But how many of you have read at least three of Shakespeare's plays?\" My hand went up again, and so did all the others. \"Yes, yes, good, fair enough. But here in lies the problem. I am willing to bet that not one of you in this room could recite an actual portion of a Shakespearian play. And that disgusts me, because of the sheer ignorance that has developed of those and many other works of great literature.\" We all just keep staring at him, like he's Winston Churchill or something. Ha, not even. Winston Churchill was probably rolling in his grave. \"Let me illustrate for you. You're all familiar with that famous soliloquy in Romeo and Juliet . The one recited by the friar.\" I keep looking at him. \"I am willing to write a check of a hundred pounds of my own hard-earned money to any person in this room who can recite that speech in its entirety.\" He reaches into his pocket and pulls something out. \"Here you see my checkbook, as proof that I am serious.\" He waves it up in the air. \"I can do this because I am almost positive that not one of you can fulfill that request. Would anyone like to prove me wrong?\" Here, believe it or not, we reach a pivotal moment. For as I look around the room to see not a single hand raised, some heads bent, Clarissa shrinking down a little (ha ha), I find myself doing something utterly ridiculous. I look up to see my own hand raised, alone in the air. The guy looks at me, confused for a moment, and then immedaitely gathers himself. \"My! I see we have a volunteer. I admire you, whoever you are - you're a very brave soul. For you see,\" he says, sauntering over to me and looking me in the face, \"I am a very tough judge.\" I lower my hand, wondering what took over my body that caused me to raise it. \"Well, go on then.\" he says, with a bit of annoyance. \"Recite the speech.\" So here I was. About to probably make a fool of myself, acting like a dancing puppet for someone who associated with my cousin's father . I take a deep breath. \"The grey-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, checkering the eastern clouds with streaks of light, and flecked darkness like a drunkard reels, from forth day's path and Titan's fiery wheels: Now, ere the sun advance his burning eye, the day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry, I must up-fill this osier cage of ours with baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers. The earth that's nature's mother is her tomb; what is her burying grave that is her womb, and from her womb children of divers kind we sucking on her natural bosom find, many for many virtues excellent, none but for some and yet all different. O, mickle is the powerful grace that lies in herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities: For nought so vile that on the earth doth live, but to the earth some special good doth give, nor aught so good but strain'd from that fair use revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse: virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied; and vice sometimes by action dignified. Within the infant rind of this small flower poison hath residence and medicine power: For this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part; being tasted, slays all senses with the heart. Two such opposed kings encamp them still in man as well as herbs, grace and rude will; and where the worser is predominant, full soon the canker death eats up that plant.\" I know. Most likely, you did not expect that out of me - nobody else did. Ms. Blithe and everyone else looked like they'd just seen a three-headed monkey do a dance, which, I guess, is pretty much the equivelent of what I'd just done. Their mouths hung wide open. I couldn't even believe it. I couldn't believe myself. Clarissa's gramps was the most stunned of all. He just stood there, flabbergasted, staring at me with astonishment. He then stepped back a bit, and looked over the class for what seemed like forever. Finally, he bagen to speak. \"See this?\" he said, pointing toward me with a mixture of surprise and frustration. \"This, my friends, is the most perfect demonstration of what I was only just telling you. I offered a hundred pounds. A hundred pounds! To anyone in this classroom! And only one girl put up her hand. And as a result, you just heard that timeless speech from that great play, recited perfectly...\" He looked at me. \"In an American accent.\" I shrunk down in my seat. \"You should all be very ashamed.\" he said to the class. \"And as for you , \" he said, looking at me again, \"You should be very proud. You just made a huge profit, while at the same time illustrating my point in the best way possible.\" Even at this point, with that man staring at me and talking in his low, aggravated voice, I felt good. Actually, I felt really good. I'd just struck a passive-aggressive blow against Clarissa, and a valiant blow for the USA. See? We really DO care about other countries. I thought. And as creepy as he was, I didn't think anything more against this \"Alaistar Payne\" than I did for \"Prudence Blithe\" or \"Boeregard Harlison\". After all, he was about to make a huge donation to the \"Daphne's Airplane Ticket\" fund. Just another grumpy guy - whatever. I can deal with that. I sit up straight again with pride as he walks back over to me, opening up his checkbook. \"Now, who shall I write this out to?\" he asked. \"Meghan, M-E-G-H-A-N.\" He scribbled this down, and nodded. \"Beatrice, B-E-A-T-R-I-C-E.\" (I threw in my middle name to be fancy). He nodded again. \"Reynolds. R-E-Y-N-O-L-D-S.\" And all of a sudden, as I looked up at him, waiting for him to finish writing my name, his hand froze. He took his eyes off the checkbook and directed them straight at me. His face spelled utter and complete contempt. Something burned in his eyes. And I just kept looking up at him, confused. \"Um, is something wrong?\" His gaze was still locked on me. \"Say that again?\" I said it again. He slowly turned back to his checkbook, scribbled feverishly, and tore out the check, folding it in half an tossing it onto my desk. He then quickly stepped to the center of the room. \"And there you have it, class.\" he croaked, trying to contain what looked to be anger. \"That could've been one of you, if not for your ignorance. I suggest you study, and acquire some actual knowledge.\" He then grabbed his briefcase, and glared at me as he walked out the door. He had only spoken for ten minutes. The stunned teacher mulled over what to do for the rest of the hour. Despite my strange way of ticking a person off without meaning to, I was feeling pretty good at that moment. Haza! Whatever! Clarissa hates me, let her grandfather hate me too! It wasn't Daphne's father, or her grandmother - so who cared? But then I opened that check. Oooh, cliffie. Hope that was a surprising twist! Expect the next two up this Saturday! -rf-[Chapter 33] Greetings! scenester7002: YAY!!! Glad you got to read the whole thing! Awesome! Mrs. Scott323: Loved your review! Yes, he did get pretty freaked out...oh, and the check? You'll find out in a few seconds... \"Mom.\" Meghan said urgently into the phone. \"I need to talk to Aunt Libby.\" \"But you just talked to her yesterday!\" Catherine protested. Meghan felt hot as she stood in the school hallway, clutching a black receiver attached to a pay phone in one sweaty hand, Mr. Payne's check shaking in the other. Her eyes were glued to the scribbly numbers written: £0.00 \"Please, Mom, I really need to talk to her.\" \"Honey, I don't know if - \" her mother was cut off. Another voice immediately came on the phone. \"What do you need?\" Libby said seriously. \"I need help.\" \"With what?\" \"I think - I think I'm in trouble.\" \"Why? What happened?\" Meghan hesitated. \"Aunt Libby, I'm afraid to ask you this, but...are you familiar with a man named 'Alastair Payne'?\" Silence. \"Oh, Meghan...\" There was her answer. Meghan closed her eyes. \"So you do know him.\" \"Unfortunately, yes, I do. And I'm very, very afraid that you're about to tell me you've crossed paths with that despicable man...\" \"Just...just tell me one thing - is there any reason this man would have anything against you?\" More silence. \"Meghan,\" her aunt finally breathed, \"that man is my worst enemy.\" The black car sped down the wet London streets. Libby stared out the window, anxious and dizzy. It was past midnight, and the driver was speeding her toward what was to be the nearest drugstore. She held her head up, trying her best not to give in to the urge to curl up and start sobbing. She blinked. And they pulled up in front of a small, dimly lit building. \"Here we are, Miss Reynolds.\" the driver said, robotically. \"Take this - \" The man was going to hand her an umbrella, but Libby had already pushed out of the car and into the pouring rain. Getting wet was the least of her worries. She yanked the door open to the dimly lit pharmacy and ducked inside... She was staring. Staring at linens. Libby was sitting on the counter in one of the many bathrooms in the Dashwood mansion. Her blue eyes were pained and blank. She thought of some words she'd read not long ago, a threatening note from a man who despised her. The one who wouldn't let her be with the man she loved. It had been left for her on a bed in the maid's quarters, where she'd been moved while Henry's bedroom was supposedly being \"remodeled\". There were hundreds of rooms in that mansion - but she'd been moved THERE. But then, Henry had moved there with her. So next, she had been moved to the opposite end of the dining table every morning, while someone else took her place to discuss \"business matters\". But then, Jocelyn had allowed her the seat on Henry's other side, where she herself usually sat. Libby had always liked Jocelyn. Then, every article of her clothing had mysteriously appeared out on the front lawn one rainy night. She'd brought them in, most of them ruined and sooty. But Henry bought her a whole new wardrobe. Finally, one night, when he'd wanted her to play her guitar for him, she'd found that its strings were knarled and cut, and that its handle was broken and splintering off. There were several dents in it as well, that looked to be made from a hammer. Libby had been playing that guitar since her father had bought it for her in the seventies. It was one of a kind. And now, it was destroyed. But Henry had held her close, reassuring her, promising a new one straight away. He knew that this one could never be replaced, but one day, my love, you'll have a thousand guitars, Libby had heard him say. Of course, Alastair denied having done anything wrong, instead pinning it on other disgruntled employees, who were discharged on the spot. Though Henry was suspicious, Alastair had a way of twisting things around in his favor that was unmatched. And Libby couldn't tell anyone about the note. That man had been working with Henry for years, and had worked for his father as well. That note might be perceived as a lie, an attempt to get rid of that trusted advisor. Libby couldn't take that risk. Henry Dashwood was the type of man she'd least expected to be in love with. A British collegiate, clean cut, with short hair. The son of an earl. Filthy, filthy rich. Workaholic. Libby's complete opposite. She was not royalty. She was not a debutante. She was not even English. But that didn't matter, right? Right? Reluctantly, she glanced at the clock. It was time. She took the plastic stick-shaped device out of the cup it'd been sitting in. She closed her eyes, took in every ounce of air that she could, then let herself breathe it all out as she looked at that tiny window. And then, Libby grabbed a folded-up Egyptian cotton towel, hugging it to herself as her knees buckled and she fell to the floor, drowning in raw emotion... \"Aunt Libby.\" Meghan stopped her. \"You don't have to tell me all of this. It's not my business to know. This hurts you...I'll...I'll just avoid him...\" \"No.\" Libby said, determined. \"It is your business. I should have told you before. Daphne is closer to you than anyone - even closer, I'll venture to say, than she is to me. And you can change her life.\" A thought suddenly occurred to Meghan. She reached into her book bag, taking something out. \"That note you just told me about.\" she said to her aunt. \"What did you do with it?\" \"I put it right back where I knew it came from. In the desk of Mr. Payne himself.\" Meghan now held a threatening note of her own in her hand - the one Clarissa had left in that disgusting locker. Her eyes were now focused on the initials at the bottom, which had looked to be written over some dried-up White-Out. Dried up, and flaky White-Out. Meghan started working her fingernail to it. \"That note alone wasn't quite enough to turn me away. But it wasn't the last one I received... It was raining again. And Libby was in the black car again. But this time, she had suitcases with her. Elizabeth Anne Reynolds had never felt such sadness in her entire life. She loved Henry with all of her soul, more than anything on Earth. But...she just couldn't bear to bring him any more disgrace. Disgrace. Disgrace. Disgrace. It was all she really amounted to. She was waiting for the driver, who would take her to the airport. Once she was out of those gates, there would be no turning back. And she considered it. She considered going back. She longed so much to be in Henry's arms. He'd understand. He'd hold her, and make everything alright. But before Libby could reach for the door handle, a small, brown paper bag on the floor caught her eye. \"Miss Reynolds\" was scrawled on the front of it. She picked it up. What she pulled out horrified her. It was that pregnancy test, the once she was sure she had buried deep in the trash. The little window still showed its bluish color. And with it was another deathly note. Elizabeth, Be assured that you are making a wise choice. Much luck to you in the future. Your decency will not be forgotten, though your indecency will be much better remembered. -A.P. And with that, it was sealed. She could never, ever go back. The driver came in. He started the car. The gates opened. And as the car slowly rolled out, Libby looked at that house, taking it in, one last time. The courtyard, the walls, and each window on the mansion, the curtains - though she couldn't bear to look at the room where she'd spent her time here, Henry lying beside her every night. She was sure, she was sure he was watching. Watching her leave him behind. And so she brought her damp eyes down, her head bent as they pulled out of the drive and into the traffic. In with all those oblivious people who were out driving that morning, going about their usual business, living lives that Libby envied. Lives that weren't shattered. But Libby did have something. She touched her stomach, relishing the small but significant comfort it gave her. It was all she had left of him. And she would treasure it always. \"Oh...oh...\" Meghan stammered, her voice trembling. \"Daphne...he knows about Daphne...\" \"All he knows is that there is a child.\" Libby said solemnly. \"But it's enough.\" \"I - I can't believe it...I can't...\" Meghan's eyes clamped shut, and all she could do was keep scratching on that note, not quite sure anymore why she was doing it. She tried very hard not to cry. \"I'm sorry I didn't tell you, Meghan.\" Meghan didn't answer. \"Meghan...\" There was nothing left on the note for he nails to scratch. \"Meghan, I...\" The phone swung on its cord, low to the ground, where a little piece of paper had drifted. Hope you like your new arrangements. This, my American friend, is only the start Of your worst nightmare. My advice to you is to leave now, And go back to the cesspit you came from Before I, personally, Put you in the gutter. You will learn your place. -A.P. Luke was confused. Meghan was not in front of the academy, where they'd arranged to meet after school that day. He entered the school to look for her. The halls were empty and quiet. \"Meghan?\" he called, his voice echoing a bit. \"Are you there?\" He turned the corner, and found no one. What he did find was a phone hanging to the ground, and a strange note lying beneath it. He picked it up. \"A.P.?\" he said to himself. \"Who the devil is that?\" Before he had time to fully read what was written, he heard a door down the hall swing open. He quickly stuffed the note into his pocket. Luke saw a brown-haired girl emerge, red in the face. \"Meghan!\" The girl looked at him, like a deer caught in headlights. \"Luke!\" she responded, flustered. She frantically gathered herself. \"I'm sorry. I had to use the restroom.\" \"Restroom? You were taking a nap?\" he said as he approached her. \"No. I mean, the loo.\" she responded flatly. \"Oh.\" he said, smiling. Meghan half-smiled a little as well. \"You look like you've been crying. Are you alright?\" He rested his hand on her shoulder. Meghan looked down. \"I'm fine.\" she said slowly. \"I just need some fresh air.\" Luke tilted his head, in thought. \"Well, that can be arranged.\" he said cheerily. \"Come on then.\" He walked on ahead, looking back to make sure Meghan followed. Luke knew that something was wrong, and hoped she would eventually tell him what. But either way, he would not allow her to be unhappy. Because that made him unhappy. Which felt quite unpleasant. There you go. That's how I imagined Alastair finding out about the pregnancy. Actually, it was about all I could think of. Kinda disgusting, but whatever. He's just THAT evil. It's where Clarissa gets it. Though her mother's no slouch either... Also, to clarify, Clarissa apparently found that note in Alastair's desk - why did he keep it? I told you, he's EVIL. Anyway, she was too lazy to write her own threatening note, so she just used that one. Hope that made sense! On to the next one...[Chapter 34] Meghan was hurting the rest of the day, but Luke's warm prescence eased the pain a bit. He was probably the only one she knew in the country that could've been any help at all, and she was very grateful to have him. In fact, she was feeling more grateful for him every second. \"I've got just the ticket to cure your sadness.\" he said. And he took her to McDonald's. Which, even with Ronald's big, fat clown head staring at them from every corner, seemed like the most romantic gesture Meghan could imagine. As she hungrily ate her cheeseburger, she watched him tactfully dip french fries in ketchup and eat them, one at a time. \"Oh, I'm such a pig!\" she said, suddenly horrified. \"No.\" Luke responded casually. \"I'm just a snobby peer of the realm.\" \"What's a peer of the realm?\" \"Nothing worth going into.\" he laughed. \"Fine. I'll just look it up in my British slang dictionary.\" \"I wish you luck with that.\" And she went back to eating and watching him eat as she did so. She found it interesting. Then, they took off on his motorbike again. He took her to see the Peter Pan fountain. Standing in front of it, he reached into his pocket. He pulled out two coins - one for Meghan, and one for himself. \"Toss it in and make a wish.\" he said. He then proceeded to flip his coin into the fountain. \"What did you wish for?\" Meghan asked him. \"If I tell you, it won't come true.\" he said. \"Oh. Fine then.\" Meghan turned and tossed hers in. \"What did you wish for?\" Luke asked her, slyly. \"Same thing you did.\" They sat on the bench in front of the copper-colored water feature. \"What do want to do now?\" he asked her. \"I dunno. What do you wanna do?\" He smirked. \"I think I know a place. Where we can go 'chill'.\" he said, trying his best (and failing) to sound American. Meghan giggled. \"Right then. Brilliant. Lead the way.\" she said, sounding flawlessly British as she gestured ahead of her. \"Not bad.\" he had to admit as he stood up. Smiling, Meghan followed him. Once again, she found herself being driven into that exclusive part of the city. She couldn't help but notice that a few people were staring at them. She'd seen people staring from the first time she and Luke had been out together. It was kind of unsettling. They came through the big iron gates that led into Brenshire Manor. Meghan was led through the house and out into the back again, but this time, Luke turned in another direction - and they were in a small, charming little garden. It was then that Meghan noticed the two people who were sitting at small outdoor cafe table in said garden. A man and a woman, both looking to be about Catherine and Libby's age. The man was sort of dashing but looked a little like a scoundrel at the same time. He had short and very curly brown hair, and his face looked a teensy bit like a chipmunk's. He was wearing a suit. The woman looked decent, though she seemed to look like she'd had a bit too much plastic surgery done on her cheeks. She had dishwater blonde hair, and was wearing a pink tweed outfit. Luke noticed them as well. \"Oh! Mother! Father! I didn't see you there. Meghan, these are my parents, Matthew and Lillith Brenshire. Mum, Dad, this is Meghan Reynolds.\" \"Hello.\" Meghan told them, holding out her hand. Matthew took it, staring at her in a sort of dazed fashion. \"Pleasure to meet you, lovely lady.\" he said. \"Nice weather we're having, isn't it? Hasn't rained in weeks! Oh, how now...\" He immediately got up and shuffled into the house, his mind distracted by a new thought. Lady Brenshire, however, was not distracted in the least. She seemed to be studying Meghan thoroughly. \"It's nice to meet you too, ma'am.\" Meghan said, holding her hand out again. \"Oh, yes...my, you have rather strange hair, child...rather bent. Are you sure you know how to use an iron correctly?\" the woman casually asked her. \"Mother!\" Luke immediately swooped toward Meghan, gently pulling her away. \"Oh, what is it now, Lucas? I was simply telling the girl that her hair-styling techniques - \" \"Enough, Mother.\" he said. He hastily pulled a very confused Meghan to another part of the garden, out of the woman's sight. \"I'm sorry.\" he immediately told her. \"My mother can be a bit...frank, at times.\" \"Your dad seemed nice.\" she told him. Luke looked away for a second. \"Yes, well, I suppose he is.\" he said as he faced Meghan again. He sat down on a small stone bench, putting his hands together. \"Is - is something wrong?\" Meghan asked him. He looked up. \"No, no, nothing to fuss about.\" he said. \"It's...it's just...\" Meghan sat down next to him. \"The truth is, my father's a bit too nice.\" he said. \" Too nice?\" \"Yes. Because -\" Meghan waited. \"Because...he's a bit fond of the bottle.\" She looked down. \"But like I said. Nothing to fuss about. I'm sure your father's a right decent man.\" She kept looking down. \"He was.\" she told him. Luke was silent for awhile. \"...Was?\" he asked, carefully. Meghan hesitated. \"Yeah. My dad isn't around anymore.\" Luke was quiet again, not sure he should tread any further. \"What...happened to him?\" Meghan turned to face her companion, gazing into his eyes once again. And she decided to open the door, and let him in. It was August 18th, 1998. Meghan and her mother had been washing dishes together when they heard the doorbell ring. Catherine turned the water off and picked up a dishtowel, drying her hands as she went to answer the door. Meghan wiped her hands on her jeans, and followed her. The door opened to a stern-looking man in uniform. \"Hi, can I help you?\" Catherine asked. \"Good afternoon. Are you a Mrs. Catherine Reynolds?\" The woman looked at the man strangely. Meghan, confused, studied him from her position, a few feet away. \"Yes...\" \"Mrs. Reynolds, I regret to inform you that your husband, Luietenant Aaron Reynolds, who is currently serving in Kosovo, has been reported missing in action.\" \"...Oh.\" Catherine's hand flew to her mouth. Meghan's eyes widened as she tried to process what the man had just said. \"Let me assure you that the military is making every effort to locate him and bring him to safety. However, I must inform you that his circumstances may be very grim.\" That had been enough to send Meghan running to her room in tears. But later that night, after they'd both cried for awhile, Catherine and Meghan had sat on the couch eating butterscotch ice cream and watching The Tonight Show, and they'd hugged, and Catherine had assured Meghan that yes, he'd be okay. They'd find him. Then, months passed. Every week, there was a phone call that gave Catherine an update on the search's progress. Of which, unfortunately, there didn't seem to be too much. Soon, the phone calls started coming less and less often. Month after month, Catherine struggled to pay the rent, and the utilities. To buy food, clothes, and every other necessity. All on her small assistant's job. And then, they recieved one last call. The call that informed them that, due to the dangers and risks involved for the other young men and women who were serving, the search for Luietenant Reynolds and the others reported missing had been called off. That day, Meghan had seen her mother fall to the floor, sobbing, with the phone still in her hand. Clutching it, as if by squeezing it hard enough in her shaking fist, the person on the phone would tell her that it was all a joke, or a bad dream. Meghan had just stood there, watching, unable to believe it. It was like something she'd seen in a tragic movie. She couldn't grasp it. All she could do was kneel down and put her hand on her mother, to comfort her in any way she could. At the moment, Meghan herself just couldn't cry - it was too surreal. It had hit her later, when she was taking off her silver locket to go to bed. Aaron had given her that locket - she'd had it since she was five years old. Now, now she finally realized that...that her father was probably never coming home. Her mother had heard her crying, and had rushed in to console her. Catherine made a decision that night - that it was time to get away. And so, by next week, Meghan and Catherine were loading their possessions into a U-Haul van, packing up everything that would go with them to their new home. They would be staying with Aaron's younger sister, Elizabeth, and her daughter, Daphne. When they'd pulled up in front of the building that housed the artist's loft and stepped out of the car, Libby and Daphne, who'd been waiting for them outside, had pulled them both into a sweeping embrace. Meghan would always remember how her aunt had smiled at her that day - she had looked like an angel. It had given Meghan comfort. And Daphne had given her that goofy grin, which at the time, Meghan had only seen a few times before. It had seemed to say, \"Welcome, Meghan. From now on, we're gonna be together, and that makes me very happy.\" And for a long, long time, they'd hoped together. The four of them had talked about Aaron every day, convincing themselves that any day now, he'd turn up. They didn't want to accept that probable truth, that he'd remain missing forever, like so many soldiers before him. But one day, they'd just stopped talking. All at once, the four of them had seen that light start to fade as they started to believe that what they had was not hope, but denial. And ever since that day, it had been hard to talk about him at all - and mostly, they never did. And Meghan convinced herself to move on, because she knew it was what her father would want. She remembered him saying once, before he'd gone overseas: \"If anything ever happens to me, I want you and your mother to keep going, understand? I want you to be happy. So don't you ever, ever be sad for me. Because no matter what, I promise I'll always be there. And I'll make sure you don't cry.\" And now, Luke looked at Meghan, and Meghan looked back. Her shoulders had been cold that entire day, but now, Luke's arm was draped over them. And they were warm. Okay, two things. One, I'm not quite sure if anyone throws coins in the Peter Pan fountain in London, but this is rhapsodyflowerland, and in rhapsodyflowerland, they do. Two, about the Kosovo thing - I did some reasearch, and fortunately, in real life, there were no American casualties when they really did fight there, and I don't think there were any MIAs either. Sadly, there are MIAs in this story - but the bad things that take place will make the good things better. And trust me, VERY good things are going to happen. :) Back soon! -rf-[Chapter 35] Why, hello. I have for you on this silver platter next two chapters, and I have a feeling you'll really like them. Lots of drama, ooh, lots of romance, yes... scenester7002: Wow. That. Is. Awesome. I am so honored! Hey, why not? Be my guest:) Call Me Mimzy: Can't say I blame you for hating him, I felt the same way, the screwball... Mrs. Scott323: Thanks for the respect, it is treasured so. I mean, I try to be authentic, but I can only do so much lol. Don't worry, Alastair WILL be on the recieving end of some nasty violence, at the most fitting time possible, believe me. ;) Glad you liked the flashbacks, I put a lot of thought into them. Awww, so glad you think L&M; are cute, that makes me very happy! Ok, on with it... A certain host-sister by the name of Faye had adopted a new persona, one that completely contradicted her previous character. Meghan saw this more and more with every encounter she had with the blonde. Faye, who was now on complete lockdown, not being able to even set foot outside of their small, brownstone flat until the day came when she'd be allowed back through the gates of the Jasperstone Academy for Girls, had now completely resigned to her bedroom, where she did nothing but study and sleep for hours on end. \"It's simply inconceivable.\" Laurence had commented. \"She has never pulled a stint like this before.\" \"It's a wonder she wasn't expelled.\" Emma had observed. That was a wonder, it was true. But Meghan was focused on a bigger wonder. There were two possible things that could've happened: 1.) Faye really HAD organized the whole plot against Clarissa, or 2.) She'd had no idea the plot was being organized in the first place, and she was simply taking the blame for it. Meghan was sure that the truth lay within number 2. But BOTH of those things seemed impossible. This was not like Faye, at all. As squeamish as she was, as insecure as she was... It just didn't make sense. And Faye, who had before been one to talk out the entire dictionary in a single sentence, was now someone from whom Meghan found it hard to extract a single word. All the girl ever did now was bury her nose in books and lay in bed, moping around like a sloth. She didn't even bother to braid her hair, and hardly even bothered to get dressed. Meghan, however, was doing everything that Faye was not. For despite their complete disdain for their daughter's behavior, Laurence and Emma felt absolutely no hostility toward Meghan whatsoever. Which Meghan saw as being quite fortunate, due to the fact that the couple could have easily blamed her for Faye's sudden rebelliousness, deeming Meghan a bad influence. Although she was quite sure that Mr. Ratfink's good word might've had something to do with it. Yes! Meghan was a hero! She'd saved the queen from the revolution! Cheers to that! So since there was in fact no fault being found in the befuddled teenager, she was practically allowed to come and go whenever she pleased. And since her many attempts to get through to Faye were proving to be in vain, she did quite a lot of going - particularly with the dashing aristocratic rebel that was Lucas Brenshire. They'd speed off on his motorbike like thieves with their plunder, tearing London to shreds. Blindingly fast, they would zoom along, only occasionally stopping to examine something interesting enough to be considered worthy of their curiosity. Once, they stopped at an outdoor market, and Luke said to Meghan: \"Pick something.\" She had looked at him, half startled, half confused. \"Huh?\" \"Pick something. Anything you want. Jewelry, clothes, eh, figurines of the Osbourne family...\" he had paused, deep in thought as he turned a miniature replica of Ozzy over in his hands, \"anything you see. It's yours.\" \"Oh no. Not even. You're not buying me anything.\" \"I insist.\" \"No.\" \"I insist.\" \"Well, I insist that you don't insist.\" \"I insist.\" \"Stop insisting!\" \"I.\" \"Stop.\" \"In.\" \"Stop!\" \"Sist.\" \"Dang it!\" \"You know I'm going to keep saying it.\" Meghan looked at him, observing the smirk on his face. \"Fine. I want that.\" she said, pointing in some odd direction. Luke followed the direction of her finger, his eyes all at once landing on some small, pink, marbleized objects that looked like bricks. \"You want...soap?\" \"Er, yes. I want soap.\" Luke looked at Meghan, then at the soap, then back again. \"Alright then, it's soap you want? Then it's soap you'll get.\" The boy pointed the pink bricks out to the vendor, casually reaching into the pocket of his casual-dressy pants, pulling out a leather wallet, and extracting from this wallet a rather flashy gold credit card. \"I'm sorry, sir, we don't take credit.\" the burly man promptly told him in a cockney accent. \"Oh. Right then. No bother.\" He put the card and wallet back in their place, before reaching into the other pocket and pulling out a healthy wad of hundred-pound notes. Meghan's eyes widened in astonishment. Luke handed the man one of the notes. \"Sorry, all I have.\" he said. The man took the money in disgust, muttering to himself in the frustration of having to break into such a large bill for such a small purchase. \"Hrumph. Snotty ruffian, acting like you were Lucas Brenshire or summat.\" Meghan looked at Luke questioningly. He only winked, pressing his finger to his lips with a wry smile. When the soaps were packaged, the two started to make their way back to the bike to speed off yet again. \"That guy didn't recognize you?\" Meghan questioned the ruffian, whose arm was once again draped around her shoulder. Luke smirked again. \"He recognizes me. Everyone does. But they don't think anything of it, because no one would ever believe that someone of my 'status' would be caught dead in any public place that wasn't fraught with posh extravagance and mingling dignitaries. Therefore, they assume that it can't be me after all. Impossible.\" Meghan looked up at him, her eyes radiating wonder and admiration. He smiled down at her for a second, before his attention was immediately snatched away by something else. \"My, what lovely jewelry!\" he exclaimed, possibly a little too enthusiastic, possibly on purpose - pulling Meghan over to a particular display. \"Are you quite sure you only want the soap?\" Meghan was silent for a moment as she fingered one of the pieces - a necklace, consisting of a blue crystal butterfly dangling from a silver chain. The sunlight reflected off of the crystal, making it glow with rainbows of iridescence. The chain was a thick, woven spiral of metal, holding the pendent firmly in place. She let go of the necklace, still hanging on its post, as she looked at Luke to answer. \"I'm sure.\" she told him. Luke smiled, gently pulling her away, making notes in his mind. And so there were many more days like this, days of Meghan being whisked off from the place of norm to lands of bliss. They made frequent visits to the manor, which of course meant that Meghan had to throw many a glance at that other infamous residence as they passed it without fail on the way each time. And every time she did, she wondered when she was ever going to be able to work up the nerve to venture inside said residence, to take part in a conversation that she was supposedly not afraid of. Little did she know, she was acquiring just as many glances as that house, if not more. And not just from the people on the streets who wanted to take a gander at the Lucas Brenshire look-alike as he sped by on his scooter. Not just from the people who had it in for her, of which there were many. And not just from the sweet woman in her middle-sixties whom Meghan had met in a public restroom, who of course was doing a fair amount of pondering on the brown-haired teenager. No, there was, in fact, someone else. Someone who had inherited his share of pondering skills, and who never hesitated to utilize them to their fullest on his frequent outings and escapades to the latest debate or campaign speech. So that's the girl from New York. I must divulge to you that at this point my feelings and overall sense of being are both getting to be very hard to decipher. I feel such a mixture of good and bad, right and wrong, entrapment and liberation that it almost seems somehow abnormal, as if I am some kind of mutant who can bear a plethora of different emotions all at the same time. Yeah, enough of that. No need for poetics here. The point is, I just feel confused, and don't exactly hate it. Basically, with the exception of Faye and her digruntled friends, no one really even knows about this growing relationship between myself and this character named Luke (at least not to my knowledge), including his very aloof and oblivious family: his father seems to like to drink away all of his discretions, while his mother just doesn't even consider the possibility of any sort of bond between her son and I, due of course to the fact that I am too socially low. Man! How many haters must I be association with, and how am expected to deal with them all?! Also, I've recently met another member of the Brenshire family: his apparent sister, Marianne, who is three years older and in college. I haven't seen much of her, but our brief encounters on my visits to the residence have in truth been far from horrible - she seems to have no malice toward me. However, due to her constant comings and goings and flustered state all through them, she too has failed to recognize any feelings in bloom between her brother and his \"new exchange student friend\". I do have to suddenly backtrack at this point, and say that there is one person who knows of the relationship - that person, of course, being my cousin, Daphne. This is because I told her, in a long-awaited hour-long banter (would've been longer, if it weren't so expensive). I had been so itching to talk to her that I had divulged everything - perhaps, maybe, more than I should've. She now knows about Glynnis and Clarissa, which probably just magnified her already simmering nervousness. Anyway, putting aside my problem of abusing the act of honesty for the time being, I'll go on. I'm scared, if you haven't noticed already. Scared that when the world does find out about Luke and I, the fortress of safety I've built is going to crash into stony rubble. Clarissa threw a fit just at that sight of Luke approaching me - but imagine how she'll scream in fury when she finds out that I've apparently stolen the affection that should've been aimed at her. But I don't want this to stop. This sounds cliché, I know, but I can't get enough of the joyful emotional chaos that this guy is causing to broil within me. It's been about a week and a half, and now all who were banished are back in school, and now I find myself doing more and more with this person - Faye's parents don't even know that. They just know I'm going out...somewhere, and apparently, they're fine with it. Luke recently made that chaos broil all the more by exposing the fact that he, unbeknownst to the general population, is musically gifted. I mean, maybe I don't own a guitar pick collection, but having shared housing arrangements with Libby Reynolds for about five years, I do know a little something about the instrument of which those picks were meant for. So it impressed me when Luke thrummed the strings of a mahogany object he'd just pulled from its true-to-shape case. \"Like it?\" he asked. \"It's beautiful.\" I'd immediately replied. \"Figured you'd think so. You know, this is actually a real passion of mine. I mean, not a lot of people know this, but - I don't dream of inheriting my father's estate and his seat in parliament nearly as much as I dream of just sitting and playing on this contraption for a living.\" \"Really.\" \"Yes. You know, my friend Ian is a musician.\" \"Ian? The busboy?\" \"That very one. He has a band, actually. Believe it or not, they sometimes land playing spots at some very high-profile social gatherings - including debutante balls.\" \"Wow.\" \"I met him through school, though. His grandparents are in the nobility, and they force him to go there. Only the best for their grandson. He doesn't care for it, though.\" I smiled at the thought. Poor surfer guy. \"If I could, I would join his band as well - he's heard me play, and says he has a spot open for me any time I want it.\" \"So take it.\" He kind of turned away when I said that. \"Er...I would, but it's not really that easy.\" Maybe I should have asked why, or pressed him more, but I didn't. Because I knew what he was talking about. \"I understand.\" I said simply. He had a strange reaction to this, looking at me incredulously. \"My.\" he said, sounding astonished. \"You are just incredible. Something else entirely. I thought that you thought everything was easy for me.\" This made me think. Nobody spoke for a second. \"No, I don't think that. I don't think anyone really has it 'easy'. Everyone has special, different circumstances that present certain problems for them.\" He kept staring at me. \"Honestly, you will never cease to amaze me, Meghan Reynolds.\" I wish I could. I wish I could stop amazing people. It seems like it's all I do, and I don't think it's necessarily a good thing. Nobody talked for a couple of minutes, as he just kept thrumming random notes, seemingly reluctant to play me an actual song just yet. I couldn't tell what he was thinking, so I just listened to those notes and looked out the window. I watching the fountain dribbling outside down below as different musical bits wafted through my mind. \"What about Paris Hilton?\" he suddenly asked, bringing his fingers to a halt. I abruptly turned my head. \"What?\" I asked him, considerably amused and trying to keep from bursting into laughter. \"Paris Hilton. What problems does she have? I mean, she's filthy rich, and yet she doesn't ever have to worry at all about being forced into some career she doesn't want, and she doesn't have to act in some stuffy way to please other people. Maybe she has it easy.\" I pondered this, still having a hard time retaining seriousness. \"No, I don't think so. I think her problem is just that - no problems. She's too rich, and never knows what to do with herself. She never has to work for anything, so nothing is worthwhile, or meaningful. Everything is superficial, and if I were her, I would be morbidly depressed, because nothing would ever really matter . Always being shoved into the spotlight with all that attention, all eyes on her, drowning in undeserved fame. She can't sing, or act, or do anything that involves REAL talent - and yet, everyone knows her name. But what difference does fame make when it has no value, when you didn't work for it? What a blank feeling.\" I think Luke was astounded yet again, by the look on his face. But I didn't give him the chance to verbalize his astoundment, instead opting to interject another question, one that was obviously fitting to be asked. \"Now what on Earth made you think of Paris Hilton? I'm surprised you know who she is.\" Luke laughed. \"I was just trying to think of someone who actually was without problems. I thought she might be the one, supposedly being beautiful, rich, and carefree - but again, I have been proven false.\" \"Yeah, well, what do I know? I'm probably the one who's off-base. Paris Hilton probably loves her life, and wouldn't do anything to change it.\" Luke put down his guitar. \"Ah, forget her. Our lives are much more interesting. Mine wasn't before, but...\" I looked at him, at his piercing gaze that at that moment seemed exceedingly penetrating. \"You've made it that way.\" He then did something he'd never done before. He placed his hand under my chin, moving my head and aiming it in a certain direction. And it lingered there as he leaned in and brushed his lips against mine, in one quick, fluid, fleeting motion. Before I knew it, I'd let this happen, and I watched him slowly move back to his original position as if he were on a videotape put in reverse, with his eyes averted away, unsure if he'd done the right thing. I wasn't sure how to tell him. How to tell him that he couldn't possibly have sent a higher degree of wild thrill racing through my body. How he couldn't possibly have brought me closer to home, where I was truly loved. How he couldn't possibly have made me focus any harder on an empty space inside me I usually ignored, a space that now felt slightly filled. I'd never felt something so foreign before that I so welcomed. So when he shyly turned his eyes on me for a second, treading a little closer to see if he would be allowed further or simply fall through the ground, I just gazed at him, and smiled ever so slightly. \"Yes. Our lives are very interesting.\" I said. Relieved and seemingly elated, he reached around and drew me in, and he seemed to tell me that he was thankful. Thankful that I hadn't pushed him away, as I had before. And as I tell you this now, I'm still scared. Scared that my cousin's family will turn their backs. Scared that Alastair will come in the night and bludgeon me in my sleep. Scared that a certain trio of girls will turn their acts of revenge upon the person who went against them. Scared that Aunt Libby will be disappointed in me. And most of all, scared that I'll end up hurting Daphne. But in that moment, when Luke was holding me close, all that fear was made a little less glaring, a little less imposing, a little less harsh. And from that moment, I was gone.[Chapter 36] It was the beginning of October. Meghan had been in England for just over a month. And now she was standing, with Luke, in front of his school. It had been a 'walk day', and she had stopped there on her way to the academy. The two had made plans. \"Are you ready?\" Luke asked her. \"Yes.\" she answered promptly. \"Are you sure? You know there'll be no turning back.\" Meghan looked away for a second. \"I'm sure.\" she said. \"I don't want to hide anymore.\" \"Well,\" he said, \"you won't be able to hide after this.\" She looked at him questioningly. \"It's not like we'll be running naked or something.\" she told him. \"No, it's not.\" he agreed. \"But it might as well be.\" The two walked straight across the street. \"Alright, here we go.\" he said, as they turned to walk toward Meghan's school. And he simply slipped his hand through Meghan's. A small, simple gesture. And yet, it was all they had to do. For as soon as their hands linked together, Meghan had stepped over the edge of the cliff of normalcy. All at once, everyone in the general area turned their eyes on them. Then, a flash! out of nowhere. Another one. Another one. Meghan turned her head this way and that, to see where they were coming from, while Luke only knowingly looked on. \"Wh-where's that coming from?\" she asked him, starting to feel alarmed. \"They're photographers.\" he told her. \"They're always here. Anywhere the socialites frequent.\" \"For the... tabloids?! \" \"Yes. For the tabloids. And magazines. And even the newspaper. Meghan, I'm sorry, but I warned you.\" She kept turning her head spasmatically, like a hamster in a maze. \"I...what...\" At this, Luke squeezed her hand reassuringly. \"Don't you worry. Nothing to fret about. You're only experiencing what I go through every day and going through it with me. And I wouldn't be doing this, or putting you through this, if I didn't honestly believe that we have something special.\" She looked up at him, comforted, once more, by the certainty of his voice. He looked back and smiled for a moment, before suddenly stepping protectively in front of Meghan. \"You! STOP! Get out of here!\" he yelled at a bumbling photographer who'd just jumped in front of them, out of nowhere. The man immediately hobbled a few feet away, but not before getting a good close-up of the pair. He stopped to get a few more as Luke and Meghan quickened their pace. \"So...I'm guessing they know it's you. I mean, over here.\" \"Pretty much. I mean, the likelihood of my being somewhere around the school I attend is very high.\" They reached the front of the school, and before Meghan had a chance to say anything more, she was interrupted by the sound of a catfight. Wait, no - it was just Clarissa. Shrieking. This was so startling to Meghan that she screamed a bit as well. But that might have partly been because today, Clarissa's grandfather had ridden to school with her - and had leaned his head out of the car window to see what she was fussing about. Luke, who had been considerably startled as well, stopped, and took a small step back. \"LUCAS!!!!!! You...you PIG!!!!\" \"Clarissa.\" Luke said, trying to be calm. \"Now, let's be reasonable-\" \"I HATE YOU!\" She then ran off in a rage, with all of her girl minions running off to comfort her. They were followed by Alastair, who'd stepped out of the car in haste. He growled a simple \"How dare you?!\" at Luke, and then proceeded to lock his eyes on Meghan, seemingly drilling holes into her face, before turning to fast-walk into the school. Luke, who actually seemed pretty unfazed by the man's remark, turned to Meghan - and realized that she was breathing very heavily. \"Meghan...are you alright?\" \"I...I don't know.\" \"Don't mind them. Please. They're just rubbish.\" He pulled her close, and she leaned her head against his shoulder, very anguished. \"Rubbish, I tell you. That's all.\" he repeated. \"You don't understand.\" she shakily whimpered. \"You don't know. But they can do things.\" He looked down at her, puzzled. \"Now, that's just nonsense. They can't do anything to you. I swear, I won't let them.\" Meghan wanted to let that comfort her, but it didn't. Because he really didn't understand. He couldn't. \"Are you afraid to go in?\" he asked her. Meghan was silent for a few seconds. \"Yes. But I'm going in anyway. Just promise me something.\" Luke keep his gaze on her, as the cameras erratically flashed behind them. \"Name it.\" Meghan looked up to the sky, which was quickly gathering clouds. \"Promise me that whatever happens, you'll never turn your back. Promise me you'll always feel the way you do right now.\" Luke wasn't sure why Meghan considered the situation so urgent, why she was so doubtful. Who cared what Clarissa thought, or what anyone else thought? In his mind, he really didn't need to make those promises to Meghan - he'd already made them to himself. \"Oh, yes. I promise. Scout's honor.\" Meghan looked down. \"Please, Luke, be serious. I need you to really promise me. I can go in there if you do.\" Luke placed his hand on her shoulder, and faced her straight in the eyes. \"Meghan Reynolds, I promise you. A million times, I promise you. And you had better believe me.\" He grabbed her hand and squeezed it again as he raised his head. She looked away, but still squeezed his hand in return, before pulling away to walk into the school. She looked back to see him standing there, hands in his pockets, watching her go. Meghan hoped she'd come out of that school alive, so that she'd see him - and her family - once again. The American girl drew stares, upon stares, upon stares - everywhere she went. What she and Luke were doing was revolutionary. No one could believe it. That's not to say that everyone was hating her for it, however. In fact, most of Jasperstone's students found it not only quite intriguing, but considerably admirable as well. They were starting to feel that maybe, for once, power was shifting away from Clarissa and the rest of the dignified vultures that perched at the top of the social ladder, and into the hands of the general population. Into the hands of the normal people, as if for some reason, they were just as valuable, or just as important. The teachers felt it too. And the staff. And the parents of those students, who'd seen the couple walking as they were dropping their offspring off at their designated schools. Surfer guy Ian had seen them too, and had shouted a rousing \"Fight the power!\", not quite sure what the phrase meant, when he'd seen them approach Clarissa. Needless to say, Meghan was surprised when she saw people clapping as she walked by, as well as hearing the occasional shout of approval from behind her. Even Mr. Harlison, who was traditionally known for his spitting and biting criticisms, seemed brighter as he handed back Meghan's latest math test - with a B plus scrawled across the front. Ms. Blithe seemed a bit less droning as she apparently tried to keep from laughing at the pouting Clarissa who sat in the back. \"I'll get you, Reynolds! I'll get you!\" the blonde had kept shouting. When the teacher couldn't help but let a small snicker leak out, the girl had immediately turned to face her and yell, \"And you! I'll have you fired! So help me -\" This had caused practically the entire room to burst into laughter, and Ms. Blithe couldn't contain herself anymore as she fell forward in hilarity, banging her fists on her desk. And even Meghan couldn't help but smile. So Meghan now walked the halls with a bit more poise and confidence, despite the fact that she was surrounded by a strange group of five girls - one indifferent, one oblivious, and three who'd taken to constant glaring. Yes, despite them, Meghan couldn't prevent herself from feeling some pride. But then, of course, she had to lose it. That is, when she heard her name being called over the loudspeaker. I thought I knew who my enemies were, and I was sure that Clarissa was the worst. But I couldn't have been more wrong. For as I sat in the headmaster's office, with Mr. Ratfink staring me down, it became quite clear to me who the real enemy was. It was an enemy I shared with my aunt, one who seemed ready to turn a pending negotiation into a choice for me between retreat and war. \"Miss Reynolds, I'm afraid that a very serious matter has arisen. A certain Mr. Alastair Payne has apparently recommended that you be put up for expulsion, on the grounds of alleged harassment toward his granddaughter, Clarissa.\" I. Am. So. Sick. Of. That. Name. \"What? I haven't been harassing - \" \"Now, just wait a minute. I actually have discussed this matter with Mr. Payne, and was sure to point out that you haven't had any obvious malice toward his granddaughter. He seemed quite unconvinced, but fortunately for you, another voice was thrown into the equation. For as Mr. Payne and I reached about the halfway point of our conversation, I received a phone call - from none other than the incomparable Jocelyn Dashwood. And you can imagine my surprise when I realized that she was actually calling to defend your honor...\" Hold on...did I hear you right? \"Strangely enough, she'd already had her suspicions that he was going to 'pull this stunt' as she worded it, and her suspicions seemed to be confirmed when he didn't immediately return to the residence after seeing off his granddaughter. Well, that, combined with a certain news story about a new couple's arrival on the British social scene, that is.\" News story?! What in all this world is going on?! \"Now, Alastair is a very powerful man in this city, but in regards to this school, Jocelyn oversteps that power. And she just happens to be the one person in the entire system that possesses one power in particular: the power to veto an expulsion. And you are one lucky girl, Miss Reynolds, because that's exactly what she's done.\" Daphne's Grandma, you rock. Oh, you rock so hard. \"So...what does all this mean?\" I said to Ratfink. \"Honestly, I do not know. Of course, I did relay to Lady Dashwood the story of your putting a stop to that juvenile prank a few weeks ago, of that you can be sure. But even she tends to take Mr. Payne's word quite seriously, and I therefore can't quite comprehend her complete disregard for his thoughts on this matter. She was quite adamant, indeed, that he not lay a finger on you.\" Did I say you rock, Lady D? Because you do. \"Alastair was very displeased, of course. Furious, actually. But there was nothing he could do.\" I was having a hard time trying to keep from smiling. In an attempt to retain a serious face, I pulled to the forefront the memory of this icy man shooting curse words and throwing things against the wall, telling myself that it would be better to wait until I've left the room before I let myself grin. \"As far as where you stand now,\" he said, very robotically, \"you are on very thin ice, in the means that if you are caught personally doing anything to harass Miss Clarissa, you'll be thrown from this school, and in turn , this country, due to the loss of your scholarship. And this time, no one would be able to prevent it. But if there truly has been no harassment, I'd say you have nothing to worry about. Just know that you are being watched. Very closely.\" Uh...okay. Whatever. \"Now, I have marked your records, because I am required to do so in situations such as these. But if you carry on through the rest of the school year without making another blemish, than the mark will be removed. I have your records here, if you would like to look them over.\" He handed me a manila folder with a bunch of papers in it, papers that dated all the way back to my first day of kindergarten. Along with those was a basic transcript, with a dopey picture of me as well as my name, age, address, yada yada yada. But then my eyes came to a rest on something strange on the transcript...something I couldn't help but ponder. This pondering was interrupted by the uncharacteristically nice headmaster as he spoke yet again. \"There is one other matter, Miss Reynolds, and I'm afraid it is a very grave one. Your acquaintance, Faye Winthrop, was discussed as well, in regards to the fact that she has been directly cited for harassment.\" Okay...where are you going with this? \"Mr. Payne hadn't previously known about the girl, but as soon he heard the full story on what she had done, he immediately demanded that she be put up for expulsion as well. And I'm sorry to say that, at least thus far, no one has intercepted that demand.\" Wait. What? \"Sir, I'm sorry, but everyone has it all wrong. This can't happen. She's innocent.\" \"I, too, am very sorry - but her records say just the opposite. Therefore, I must inform you that as we speak, those records are being analyzed by the school board. However, since she associates you - who acquired that rare veto from someone with whom you seem to be in good favor - special cicumstances are taking place. The girl has one month, no more, to acquire either a majority vote against the expulsion from the board or, as you have, one vote against it from Lady Dashwood. Without one of those things, she is as good as gone.\" This can't be happening. It can't. All because of me... \"Please. There's got to be something I can do.\" \"Other than convince Mr. Payne to retract his request, I can't think of anything else. And that, of course, is beyond your ability.\" This is all my fault. If it weren't for me, that conversation would've never happened, and that evil man wouldn't ever have known about Faye. I don't know what I'm going to do. But I've got to do something. There you go. Hip grandmas of the world, UNITE! Next you'll find out what happens when someone is so thrown into the spotlight, as Meghan has been... -rf-[Chapter 37] Hi. Sorry for the delay, but honestly, I wasn't quite sure exactly WHAT I wanted to happen, or exactly how I wanted it to happen. But I'm now pretty satisfied with what I've written. Hope you all like it too! Some big steps are taken... ;) The Ditsy One: Oooooh!!! Yay! New reader! Favorites?! Yay! Thank you!!!!! Lots of exclamation marks!!!!!!!!! Okay!!! scenester7002: I hope you two will be very happy together. :) Mrs.Scott323: No, Clarissa certainly won't like that at all. Which makes it all the more enjoyable, lol. And as for Jocelyn, well...I have a feeling you'll like Chapter 38, very much. ;) And blah, blah, blah, enough of me... The halls were empty. Completely empty, as Meghan exited the headmaster's office armed with a late note signed by Ratfink himself. The silence made her feel even more surreal than she already was. Because of her, a brilliant girl was about to be expelled. Was there a way to stop it? Maybe. She knew one thing that might work - leaving. Giving Alastair what he wanted. Maybe that would save Faye from expulsion. In fact, Meghan was quite sure that it would. But Meghan's first loyalty was to Daphne, and she would NOT leave without letting her father know that she existed. She would not. And she had about a million other reasons why not to leave - it was about the last thing she ever wanted to do. Besides, it had been Faye's choice to take the blame for that prank. Why she had taken that blame, Meghan could not figure out, but it had still been Faye's prerogative. All this ran through Meghan's mind as she plodded her way back to class. She was about to turn the corner when she suddenly heard...a noise. She stopped, and looked straight ahead for a moment, before turning around - to face her worst nightmare. \"Good afternoon, Miss Reynolds.\" Alastair said casually, with a smirk on his face. It was all Meghan could do not to draw in a sharp breath. All she could do to hide her intimidation. \"Um, hello.\" she replied. She wanted to turn away, to keep walking, to vaporize - anything to get out of that stare. But she remained frozen, from head to toe. \"Had a talk with the headmaster, I see.\" the man commented. \"Yes.\" Meghan said, before suddenly deciding to indulge her need to be frank. \"Why did you try to expel me?\" Alastair just fixated on his inquisitor for a second, before promptly weaseling an answer. \"Why, did not the headmaster discuss that with you? The harassment of my granddaughter is a serious offense.\" Meghan chose her words carefully. \"Sir, I haven't committed that offense.\" \"Ah, my girl, I believe you've proved to be doing quite the contrary, with your... gallivanting ,shall we say, with young Lucas.\" \"You shouldn't have tried to expel me.\" Meghan said simply. \"I haven't done anything wrong. And Faye hasn't either.\" \"You mean that girl who initiated a childish plot to have my granddaughter covered in fruit juice? It's been reported that she admitted to the incident.\" \"She lied.\" \"Oh, did she now?\" Alastair sneered with an evil smile, obviously amused. \"Whose plan was it then? Yours?\" \"No.\" \"Who then?\" \"I don't know.\" Mr. Payne was silent. He looked away for a minute, still seemingly relaxed. \"Never mind that, Miss Reynolds.\" \"Meghan.\" \"Yes. Because believe it or not, that's not what I'm really wondering. What I'm wondering, my friend, is how you were somehow able to acquire a pardon from Lady Dashwood. Now that's a puzzle.\" \"Yes, it is. But tell her thank you, anyways.\" \"Would you, perhaps, happen to know why she did this?\" Meghan looked at him for a second. There was no denying the fact that she knew exactly why Jocelyn had pardoned her. And Alastair knew, too. He was challenging her. \"No, I wouldn't. I'm glad she thought that highly of me, but I really haven't done anything to deserve her recognition.\" Part of that was a lie. But part of it, Meghan thought sadly, was the truth. That sadness was strong enough to set her back on her way to class. But Alastair found that he had to know just a bit more. \"Do you live with your mother, Meghan?\" She turned. \"Yes, sir.\" \"Can I ask what her name might be?\" Meghan looked him straight in the eyes. \"Catherine.\" she said, without a moment's hesitation. She stared a few seconds later, as if trying to make a confirmation with the man that wouldn't make a difference anyhow. Then, with determination, she spun around, headed straight for French class. I could agree with Luke, and call the man rubbish. But calling Alastair rubbish would be an insult to rubbish. And don't even think about telling me I'm being redundant. I am not in the mood. The thing is, though, when he asked me what my mother's name was, I came to a realization that I should've come to sooner, but didn't, because I am so dense. Jocelyn thinks I'm Daphne. And Alastair does, too. Well, not Daphne per se, but...she thinks I'm her granddaughter. Whoa. But, seriously! Why didn't I think of this sooner?! There must be something very wrong with me. I mean, I'm just Daphne's age. I was born about four months before her, but still - until February, I'll be seventeen. Seventeen. And, hello? The brown hair doesn't help much either. It's the wrong shade of brown...but still brown. My cousin, really, doesn't look like either one of her parents alone. She looks like both of them, equally mixed. That's why everyone always has a hard time believing that she's Aunt Libby's daughter, rather than me. Because I look so much like my aunt. Good grief. I look like Aunt Libby. I mean, not that that's a BAD thing, but...geez. It's because of my dad, you know. Since he was her brother, and looked somewhat like her himself. So, yeah. I'm pretty much right at the center of a huge, swirling mess. How am I going to do this? Meaning, keep Faye from being expelled. And deal with the now constant publicity that has been bestowed on me, being the \"Unidentified Girlfriend of Lucas Brenshire\". And, oh yeah, tell my cousin's FATHER that he brought a child into the world. It seems like the only allies I have here now are Luke and, well, Daphne's grandma. Wait a minute. Daphne's grandma... It was a rainy Saturday morning in Meghan's current country of residence. It was the first Saturday in about three weeks that she wouldn't be spending with Luke. Or rather, the paparazzi magnet. Luke, who had been waiting for her the Wednesday before as well as the Thursday and Friday after that to escort her lovingly out of the school and back to the Winthrops' on his scooter, was in for the day, helping his sister plan for an upcoming Christmas ball she'd be holding in about two months. The boy had been quite comforting to Meghan on that Wednesday, despite the fact that he had no knowledge of her bout with Alastair. He'd been there to protect her ever since that day, from the crowds that gathered to watch and to photograph them. Meghan was sad that she wouldn't be spending the day with him, but also grateful at the same time. Because today, she had other plans. She quickly finished her breakfast, which she had with a flabbergasted Laurence and Emma. The couple hadn't been able to contain their surprise and excitement when they'd heard the news about Luke and Meghan, unsure whether to praise or rebuke her. Fortunately, they'd leaned more to the side of praise, unable to find anything wrong , in particular, with the relationship. Meghan was surprised that they hadn't been alerted of Faye's pending expulsion as of yet - but of course, Faye didn't know about it herself, and Meghan couldn't bear to tell her. All she could do was try to convince her to take back her confession to the bucket prank. So far, that hadn't worked. The new celebrity couple were about the only thing talked about at meals, therefore - with the exception of Laurence's frustration of his restaurant's reviewing having been postponed for a month. But with that new date quickly approaching, his frustration seemed to be subsiding a bit. Meghan got up to put her plate in the sink as he blathered on about this, feeling in a bit of a hurry. She then pounded up the stairs. She was back down in a flash, decked out in a sweater with a red pea coat over it, denim black pants, and a knit beanie hat over her loose hair. Of course, she was questioned as she headed for the door, grabbing an umbrella. \"Meghan, dearie, why are you going out in this weather?\" \"Have to see someone. Be back soon.\" she said briefly, before pushing through and out into the rain. She closed the door behind her, poking the button on the umbrella and making it jump out in front of her. Meghan then made her way down the walk, feeling inside her coat for the outline of a rectangular-shaped object. Because, maybe, just maybe, she might want to take it out. At some point. Despite the fact that it terrified her. She headed determinedly into the drizzle, knowing a pretty formidable walk was in front of her. But the walk didn't intimidate her as much as the destination. As she slowly reached town, she began to notice people staring at her, which now seemed to be the norm. She walked by a newsstand, not bothering to look, knowing that her face was plastered on the front of most of what was being sold. Either her face, or a manic Clarissa's. Neither of which she cared to see. She bowed her head and bit the cold, as sharp pinpricks of water hit her face with a sudden gust of wind. Meghan was not about to turn around and go back. As she passed the academy, she noticed the rain slowly starting to let up, though the wind kept on relentlessly, kicking up her hair and making it thrash wildly. Sooner than she might've liked, she found herself in the high class neighborhood once again, and she willed herself to look up. She felt strange not to be going to the Brenshire mansion. But those feelings could be set aside. Reading \"Dashwood\" on the gold plate mounted to the wall made Meghan's heart leap into her throat. Her stomach lurched, and her face felt hot despite the icy rain. She stood there for a moment, staring. Staring at the palace she'd seen in pictures, not knowing what to do next. \"Can I help you, miss?\" came a voice. Meghan turned to a uniformed man behind the gate, startled, and immediately choked on her words. \"I-I, uh, I need to s-see...Lady Dashwood.\" \"Do you have an appointment?\" the man asked her. \"No.\" \"Then I'm sorry.\" \"Can I make an appointment?\" \"No. You'd have to arrange a meeting with her personally.\" \"Well...can I have her phone number?\" \"No.\" \"Can I write a letter?\" \"Are you a personal contact?\" \"No.\" \"Then again, I'm sorry.\" \"What am I supposed to do, then?\" Meghan asked, frustrated. \"Don't ask me. I don't make the rules. I just enforce them.\" Meghan stared at the house again. \"Alright.\" she said, resigning to what the man had told her. She turned, and started back. Meghan then heard a cell phone ring. She ignored it and kept walking. She heard the man exclaim in surprise. She ignored it and kept walking. But then she heard something else. \"Miss!\" the man shouted. \"Miss!\" Meghan turned. And she saw the gates. They were opening.[Chapter 38] In the month and a half she'd been in London, Meghan had never felt quite so crazy, so wracked with nerves. Her mind seemed to blare with sirens, and out of the blue, she suddenly was conscious of how dry her mouth was. It was as if she were stepping directly into one of Aunt Libby's photographs. Before, this house and its inhabitants had seemed to exist nowhere but in some fairy tale with a glossy cover. Even when Meghan had met the viscount's mother in person, it hadn't been like this - because the moment she'd left, she'd seemed like some kind of ghost. But now, to have reality confirmed in such a way, to have those huge iron contraptions move apart, to reveal a sight that only a select few are fortunate enough to see up close...to be welcomed like this, no questions asked, immediately into this castle without a second's hesitation...it was incredible. As terrified as Meghan was, she was also very grateful. Somehow, this proved to her that she might really be making the right decision. That she wasn't on enemy territory. The walk to those huge doors should've seemed like an eternity - but it didn't. And those doors came open before Meghan had a chance to even look for a doorbell. A man in a penguin suit was there, to escort her into a parallel universe. \"Ah, Miss Reynolds. The Madame is very happy that you've come.\" Meghan's heart was thrumming like a thousand drums being dropped from the peak of a skyscraper, slamming into the ground. I'm in his house. I'm in Daphne's father's house. I'm in his house. This is his sofa. This is his warm fireplace. This is the floor he walks on. This is the floor Aunt Libby walked on. This house. This house. She was being lead...somewhere. Meghan absent-mindedly trailed after the butler, losing more and more control of her thoughts by the second. He came to a stop in what looked like a breakfast nook, until Meghan faintly noticed the teapot, teacups, and tower of tiny cookies and sandwiches that sat upon the table. She was directed to sit, told that Jocelyn would be out in a moment... Tea...cookies...Daphne...rain...it's stopped raining...my gosh, it's hot in here...this house...Daphne...something smells good...oh...headache...breathe, just breathe...itch...tea...hot tea...I don't like hot tea...iced tea...yes, that's good... \"Well, good morning, Meghan.\" Meghan's head jerked up from staring at the tea, and her eyes fixated blankly for a moment on the woman standing in front of her. \"Good morning.\" she squeaked, trying to keep from choking. Where was the calm, collected demeanor she'd had before, in that bathroom? Did it wash away with the punch? \"My, what a nice surprise! I honestly wasn't expecting to have tea this early, but no bother. Why, I would have had the cook bake a cake, had a known we'd be having such an important guest.\" Meghan bit into her cheek. \"I am?\" \"Oh, yes.\" Jocelyn promptly sat and picked up the teapot with grace, pouring from it two cups of steaming liquid. \"Do you like your tea with sugar?\" she asked the important guest. \"Sure.\" Meghan told her, not knowing how else to respond. She was far too focused on trying to keep from having a breakdown. \"Cream?\" \"Okay.\" Meghan knew she was throwing everything she'd learned from English Etiquette for Dummies completely out the window. Jocelyn didn't seem to notice, however, as she daintily poured a frothy, white substance into Meghan's cup, then proceeding to pass it to her on a saucer. Seeing Jocelyn pick up the tiny little spoon that sat in her saucer to stir her tea, Meghan decided to do the same. Clinkety-clank! Clinkety-clank! \"It's been a beautiful morning, I should think - despite the rain, and...what not.\" Clink-clink! Clankety-clank! \"Living here, you learn to love the rain just as much as the sun.\" Clink-clink-clank! Clink-clink-clank! Clank! \"Are you quite alright, dear?\" Meghan abruptly stopped clinking the spoon, suddenly aware that not only had she been looking downward the entire time, but also that Jocelyn had long stopped stirring. Well. This is going well. \"Mmm? Oh! Um, sure.\" Meghan quickly gathered herself, sitting up straight. \"Yes! I am alright.\" Jocelyn smiled. \"Good. So, what brings you here?\" she asked. For a moment, Meghan felt that she had been caught slightly off guard. Faye. Remember? \"I wanted to thank you.\" Meghan stated, as cleanly as she could. \"For, um, keeping me from being expelled.\" Jocelyn's eyes drifted to the side for a moment as she smiled broader. She then turned back to Meghan, to respond. \"Well, you're quite welcome, dear. I would not have had it any other way, you know.\" Meghan fought to resist the urge to ask her why that was. Fortunately, though, Meghan found that she was slowly gaining her bearings. \"Thanks. I mean, for caring. I think you're pretty cool.\" Jocelyn's eyes widened. Her hand flew to her chest. \"My! I must say, Meghan, that I am quite flattered by that statement. It is quite a lot to be 'cool', isn't it?\" Meghan found herself actually laughing a bit at that. \"Well, yeah, I guess it is.\" she told her. Her laughing halted for a moment, however, when she tasted her tea. Her face couldn't help but contort into a bitter grimace. Jocelyn saw this, and chuckled. \"Perhaps you don't like your tea with cream and sugar.\" she suggested. Meghan was finding out fast that it was best to be frank and truthful with people in this country. Kind of like she was with...people in her own country. \"No.\" Meghan sputtered, her tongue moving quite actively inside of her mouth. \"I like it with ice.\" \"I would've thought as much.\" Jocelyn agreed, knowingly. \"I'll have Ganes bring you a new cup - of cold tea.\" she said, not quite able to keep from shuddering at the utterance of the word cold. \"You'll have to excuse me. Iced tea really isn't quite my fancy.\" \"You'll have to excuse me. \" Meghan replied, feeling as if she were drunk. \"Because I have no idea what I'm doing. What's this?\" she asked, suddenly picking up one of the little sandwiches, a possible candidate to get rid of the tea's bitter taste. \"Watercress.\" Jocelyn answered, still smiling warmly as she studied Meghan. Meghan took a bite. She chewed warily for a few seconds, before quickly nodding in casual approval. \"It's pretty good. I mean, whatever it is.\" she said with a grin. She was starting to actually feel comfortable with this woman, and fell contentedly silent as she chewed on her sandwich, her head in the clouds. \"Is there anything more you'd like to talk about, Meghan?\" Jocelyn asked. \"Mm-hm.\" Meghan told her dreamily, looking out the window. \"I wanted to ask you...about my friend...Daphne...\" \"Your friend Daphne?\" Jocelyn repeated. Hearing this, Meghan's head suddenly snapped up in attention, and she dropped her little sandwich in the rejected tea. \"No...no, did I say...I meant...Faye! My friend Faye...\" Panicked, Meghan rested her elbows on the table as she rubbed the sides of her head. \"Who's Daphne, then?\" \"My...other friend.\" Meghan felt like Alice at the Mad Hatter's tea party. Only, she was the one who was mad. Jocelyn rested a gentle hand on Meghan's arm, concerned. \"Now, what in this world has got you so worked up?\" \"Nothing. I'm just tired. I know I must be tired...\" Jocelyn looked Meghan straight in the eyes. \"Meghan, I want you to know something, right now. I want you to know that you can tell me the truth. I know you've only just met me, but please believe that you can tell me anything. Anything, I don't care what it is - tell me, and I'll understand.\" Meghan stared into Jocelyn's deep, compassionate eyes. She felt frozen in their gaze, a gaze that told her she might be making things far more complicated than they actually were. She felt something she hadn't felt in a long time, looking at a face that somehow seemed to be as familiar as breathing. \"Meghan, please, PLEASE tell me what's wrong. I don't care what you say. Tell me, so I can make you feel better.\" Meghan looked tearfully up at the face of the one who tried to comfort her, latching onto its warm expression. \"I...I miss him, Daphne...I miss him so much...\" As much as she wanted her to be... \"Why did this have to happen...why can't he just come home...\" Jocelyn wasn't her grandmother. \"I...I'm not...\" \"Honestly, Mother.\" came a voice. \"I can't believe they've gone back on their agreement. Oh, this blasted paperwork -\" The voice came to a halt as the feet of the one it belonged to stopped in the tea room doorway. And when Meghan saw exactly who it was that stood three feet away from her, saw the shocked expression on his face as he went as pale as she did, saw the eyes of her eyes of her aunt's one true love, eyes that now belonged to her cousin...every emotion that connected her and held her together melted, all in one solitary second. Part of her wanted to embrace him, while another part wanted to run far, far away. Her aunt knew what it was like. She knew this feeling. But other than that one jaded woman, no one on Earth had ever been so floored as Meghan was, at the sight of this one frenzied man. And so, they meet. Finally. Hope that was to your liking. Although this could be taken as sort of cliffhanger. But don't fret - you won't have to wait too many YEARS to find out what happens next, muuuaahahaha. I'm kidding. Be back in a week. -rf-[Chapter 39] Yay! Here are the chapters as promised. Christine Writer: Oh, yes, I do wonder... The Ditzy One: Don't worry, I'm lazy too. :P Happy to have you in suspense! Mrs.Scott323: Muuaaha. (sorry, too much Alastair and Clarissa) It seemed like forever, how long they were staring. Meghan had quickly withdrawn from Jocelyn, now sitting up straight in her chair, trying unsuccessfully to keep from blushing. Jocelyn was startled for a moment, but then looked relatively calm as she, too, straightened herself up, smiling. \"Why, hello, Henry dear. Meghan here and I were just having tea. Would you like to join us?\" Henry, who looked very blank and befuddled, shifted his eyes back and forth from Meghan, to his mother, to the ground. He then gathered himself somewhat, rubbing the back of his neck. \"Mother...\" he said, in a confused tone. You didn't tell me we were having guests...\" \"Well, I didn't know we were either, dear. But I think it's rather nice that this very sweet girl decided to pay us a visit.\" Henry rubbed his neck some more. \"Eh...yes! Yes, you're right, Mother...\" He approached Meghan decisively. \"Terribly sorry. I've forgotten my manners. Meghan, is it?\" She nodded. \"Hello. I'm Henry. Pleasure to meet you.\" he said, holding out his hand. Meghan vaguely took it, still fixated on his face, lost in a dream. \"Hi.\" was all she could force herself to say. \"You too.\" She saw the man smile. \"My, you're the American, aren't you?\" he asked her. Meghan couldn't help but smile a bit as well, hearing every word he said and hanging off of each of them. \"Yeah...I mean, yes, I am.\" They were caught in each other's gaze for a good three seconds, both smiling. Then, Henry regained himself, softly slipping his hand away from Meghan's and standing straight up. \"Right then. Anyhow, very sorry for interrupting, I'll just be getting back to my work...\" \"Didn't you have something you wanted to tell me, Henry?\" Jocelyn quipped as he was about to leave. Henry turned. \"Er...I was only going to show you these papers, they're quite confusing though, really, and seeing as you're occupied right at the moment, I won't bother you with this...\" \"Nonsense. Why don't we all move into the sitting room, and you can show me your papers in there. I've have Ganes start a fire, I should think that would be quite pleasant.\" \"But I'm sure Miss Meghan wouldn't be interested in...\" Jocelyn had already bustled out the door. Henry watched after her for a moment, then slowly turned to Meghan. \"Well, shall we follow her?\" he asked the girl, giving in with a bit of a half-smile. Meghan smiled and nodded. She stood up, and Henry waited for her to reach the door. He then felt so inclined as to lace his arm through hers, sort of jokingly, to nobly \"escort\" her into the sitting room. Chills ran up Meghan's spine. Daphne. Daphne was related to this man, and Meghan was touching him. They emerged back into the room Meghan had already walked through, where the butler was already starting a roaring fire. Meghan saw Jocelyn seated on one end of a small sofa with carved wood edges and clawed feet. Meghan separated from Henry and apprehensively sat on the other end, while the remaining member of the group took his seat in a matching armchair near his mother. The three were soon left alone in front of the crackling flames, and Meghan was soon forced to remove her coat. Henry, not sure what else to do, began to discuss the infamous papers with his mother, who seemed to be extremely intrigued. What does he need that advisor for? Meghan found herself thinking. She seems good enough. Inevitably, it seemed, Henry ran out of things to discuss about the documents, and Meghan was soon remembered and thrown back into the conversation. By Jocelyn, of course. \"So, Meghan. What is it like in New York? Do you have an apartment?\" Meghan wasn't sure for a moment how Jocelyn had known that it was specifically New York that she came from. Then she remembered the news stories, the articles that had already been written about her. She answered. \"I live in an old artist's loft.\" she said simply. \"How very interesting! With your parents, I presume?\" \"No, just my mom. And my aunt and cousin.\" \"Lovely. What does your mother do?\" Henry seemed to be staring at the wall. Meghan wanted to stare at the wall with him. But she kept her eyes directed at Jocelyn. \"She's an executive's assistant.\" \"Ah. And your aunt?\" Meghan tensed. \"My aunt's in the wedding business.\" she replied, as evenly as she could. \"Kind of like my host-mother, Emma.\" \"Oh, would that be Emma Winthrop? The renowned wedding planner from Ireland?\" \"You know her?\" \"Oh, yes!\" Jocelyn answered. \"She planned the Harrison wedding.\" \"Oh.\" A long silence immediately followed, as Jocelyn had apparently run out of questions. She certainly was trying. Meghan remembered that her etiquette book had mentioned something about not being the monopolizing subject of a conversation, about asking others about themselves. But Meghan couldn't very well ask Henry and Jocelyn about where they lived, or what they did. She obviously already knew. Meghan saw that Henry seemed kind of nervous - as she was - which made her heart flutter. It showed...it showed that he remembered Aunt Libby. Maybe he was thinking about her. Right now. But Meghan knew she had to find a way to change the subject. Some way to make everything less dry, less tense. Like Henry had done, slipping his arm through hers. She looked around the room, trying to find something she could compliment them on, or ask them about. Her eyes settled on a chess table, standing dormant in the corner. \"You have a chess game?\" she suddenly asked Henry a burst of nerve. The charmingly anxious man took a second to comprehend the question, which he'd barely heard despite the fact that Meghan had said it quite clearly and audibly. He then absentmindedly glanced over at the chess table. \"Hmmm? Why, yes. We do. I er, never really use it though. No one around here other than myself is very much interested in the game. My advisor's actually the only one who knows how to play, and I can't get him to sit down long enough. I'd always like a go at it, but I've usually got no one to play it with.\" It was then that Meghan, once again, did something that she thought was completely crazy. \"I know how to play chess.\" she told him. Henry looked up, and his mouth twisted once again into a bit of a smile. \"Really...what say we have a game then, eh? You and me?\" he said, with a little hesitation. \"Okay.\" Meghan answered. His smiled broadened a little as he nodded his head toward the table, signaling Meghan to stand as he stood himself. Soon they were both seated facing each other over a small, checkered game board. Jocelyn, who indeed seemed very content with this, picked up a book and started to read, while the fire crackled on. \"Best two out of three?\" Henry asked. \"Sure.\" Meghan answered. She wasn't quite sure what to make of this. This very strange activity she was partaking in. For about the fifteenth time since she'd first received her congratulatory letter, Meghan again felt surreal. About half an hour ago, she had been standing out in the rain, a common person blocked out by iron bars. Now, she was inches away from him. Now, he existed. Now, this was reality. Meghan moved the pawns, but wasn't thinking about the game. It was all just too incredible. \"Check mate.\" She loved her cousin, so very much. She knew her like no one knew her, her aunt had said. And Meghan could see her in this man. Her chess partner. \"How do like London?\" Henry suddenly asked. Meghan looked up at him, and could do nothing but let words spill out. \"I love London. I think it's beautiful.\" Henry crossed his fingers together and looked up, and away. He seemed to be in some kind of wondrous thought. \"Yes, it is a fine city, isn't it?\" he said mistily. \"What made you want to come here?\" When Meghan paused, he seemed to bristle, as if he thought the question was a bad idea. Meghan saw this, and smiled. \"I'm not really sure.\" she told him. \"I think this is just my city. You know, the one I've always dreamed of coming to.\" Henry's eyes were locked on the brown-haired girl as she moved one of the game pieces, but really moved him more. \"Because most people dream about New York. But I already live there. So this was the 'somewhere else', and I think when most people dream, their dreams are 'somewhere else'. And I think I just had to come here. I really don't know why. I just did.\" And now, he was the one who was floored. My, it had been such a long time since someone had talked to him in such a way... \"It's your turn.\" Meghan informed him with a little grin. His mind snapped back to the game, and he did in fact take his turn, before promptly making a surprised announcement. \"I...I win.\" he told her. Meghan looked at the board. He was right. \"Oh. Would you look at that.\" Meghan said rather carelessly. Henry grinned. A goofy grin, Meghan thought. A little smug, even. \"Well. And I thought you could play chess.\" he said slyly. Meghan couldn't help herself. She grinned back. \"Okay. So that's how it is. Well, there's still two games left, and mark my words, you're going down, buddy. You are going down. \" It was as if Daphne had taken over her body. And yet, she was sitting right in front of her. Henry chuckled at this. \"We'll see about that.\" he said, a little cocky as he set up the board for round two. And so, an hour passed. But it seemed like five minutes of a wonderful dream. Because they talked. Not about things. Or people. But about the game they were playing, which was trivial but somehow made important as Meghan Reynolds and Henry Dashwood began to cross a bridge from different sides that met in the middle. A bridge that bypassed the social ladder and made it obsolete, casting aside differences of 'money' and 'class' and 'nationality', as if they were what were trivial. What a concept. \"Oh, so that's how you're going to play it. Okay, well, how does this suit you?\" \"Ah. Very clever. But I have a plan.\" \"Plan, huh? Good luck with that.\" \"Oh, luck. I don't need luck.\" \"Of course not! You have it all figured out. But did you expect... this? \" \"Indeed I did not. No bother. Slight change of my plan. Still a right good plan, though.\" \"I'm sure. I mean, if it includes losing.\" \"It does include losing. Your losing.\" \"Aren't you smart?\" And they somehow forgot a little, who they were talking to. Right now, it didn't matter. Just a silly game, though. It was another hour later. Henry actually had gone down, with Meghan winning both of the next two rounds. They'd played more rounds after that, and somehow lost track of time. Reluctantly, Jocelyn had interrupted them, telling them to stop for high tea. \"I really must get back to work.\" Henry commented, somewhat back to his senses at this. \"But...I am rather hungry for some...watercress sandwiches.\" He ate these five minutes later, back in the tearoom. The three of them sat in silence - but it was a more contented silence. Meghan watched him eat. She watched him take a tiny bite of sandwich, then immediately set it down on his plate to take a tiny sip of tea. He then wiped his hands a bit on the fabric napkin he had in his lap, and started again, only with two bites. After taking another sip and wiping once more, he bit into the sandwich again, springing for a whopping four bites this time. I guess he's savoring the - okay, that's just creepy. Meghan ate and sipped as well, and kept watching. There he was. Right in front of her. It would be so easy. And right now, Meghan was sure, Daphne was sitting - or maybe sleeping, with that stinking time difference - alone. Alone in that little room, while Meghan sat right next to her father. Daphne's father. That's who she'd been joking and laughing with. Meghan couldn't laugh and joke with her father - because he was gone. But Daphne's father was here. Right here. This was her chance. Meghan looked at him. \"Can I ask you something?\" Henry paused the relentless chewing of his tiny bite of sandwich to look back at Meghan. He looked calm and open as he swallowed and gave her his answer. \"I...don't suppose why not.\" And right then, Meghan began to feel very, very hot. Her heart began to pound, hard and fast. She would have to...to force it...she could do this... \"I was just wondering if...if maybe you knew...\" \"Sir.\" came a voice. Henry turned to look behind him, and Meghan saw that the voice came from Ganes, the waiter. \"Yes?\" \"Master Luke is here to see you.\" Luke? Someone new entered the room. \"Lord Dashwood, I have a note from my father...\" The newcomer caught sight of the American girl and stopped. \"Meghan?\" Luke questioned, wide-eyed in shock. \"What are you doing here?\"[Chapter 40] And what was she doing here? \"Good afternoon, Lucas.\" Jocelyn said warmly. \"Oh, I beg your pardon. Good afternoon, Lady Dashwood.\" Luke replied politely. He then turned to Henry. \"I didn't know you were all good friends with Meghan.\" Luke smiled, but seemed indeed quite confused. Meghan's hand went behind her neck. \"Hi, Luke.\" Luke turned back to her, and his smile grew bigger. \"Yes, hello! What a nice surprise this is.\" Meghan stood up as he approached her, and was surprised to feel him peck her on the cheek without holding back, as his hands grasped hers in a lovely greeting. Jocelyn pressed her palms to her chest, silently swooning as her lips curled into a smile. Henry, meanwhile, just stood for a bit, feeling awkward as usual. Then, he spoke. \"Right then. I really must be getting back to work...\" Luke broke his gaze with Meghan at this, remembering his original business. \"Hold it - I have something for you.\" He handed some sort of document to the frazzled Englishman. \"From Dad. He'd like to meet you for lunch.\" Henry nodded vaguely at this as he tucked the letter into his jacket. \"Yes, yes, tell him I'll look into my schedule.\" he said, sounding a bit hurried. \"If you'll excuse me, however, I must get back to my office. It was very lovely meeting you, Meghan.\" Meghan looked at him. So much for her chance. Before walking out, Henry did make one other comment that he deemed necessary. \"Er...you're welcome here anytime. Just so you know that.\" \"Thanks.\" she said contentedly. \"I'll see you.\" He smiled, then flew off in a mad dash for his writing desk. With that, Meghan and Luke turned back to each other. \"Well, isn't this lucky! I've just finished helping my sister. Funny story, really. Everyone became so fed up with the planning, what with all of the other Christmas parties that will be interfering and such, she decided to cancel the Christmas ball - and have a New Year's ball instead! We won't have to plan for another month! Would do you think of that?\" Meghan, who was still why fact planning for a ball had to be made two months in advance, simply grinned at him. \"That's awesome.\" \"Yes, I thought so. And now, considering the rest of my day is clear, what say you and I do some \"chilling\" together?\" Meghan chuckled. \"Okay. As long as you don't ever use the term \"chilling\" for references to anything other than freezing food ever again.\" \"Yes, I was feeling a bit odd about it. Alright then. Shall we be off?\" The three all moved into the sitting room. Meghan picked up her coat. \"Have you got a mac?\" Luke asked her, a bit slyly. \"It's started raining again.\" \"No, sorry, I don't.\" Meghan said, equally sly. \"Didn't bring any raincoats with me. But this will do.\"She held up her coat. Luke shook his head - he still hadn't stumped his American friend. He started to make his way to the door, and Meghan started to follow - before she remembered that she couldn't leave yet. \"Luke.\" she said. \"Please, can you wait a minute? I still have to do something.\" The boy was confused, but obliged to Meghan wish. He went to stand by the door, and saluted to her. Meghan giggled a bit, then walked back into the sitting room, where Jocelyn was still standing. \"Thought you might be back.\" the woman said with a smile. \"I still haven't told you...about my friend, Faye. She's being expelled.\" \"Oh?\" Jocelyn mused. \"Why is that?\" \"She admitted to trying to dump punch on...well, Clarissa. But she won't admit to the real truth - that she didn't have anything to do with it. And now she's gonna lose her scholarship, and be kicked out, and she'll never get into Oxford - \" \"Consider your problem solved.\" Jocelyn said simply. Meghan smiled, grateful. \"Thank you. Thank you, so much.\" \"It's no trouble. Whatever you need, Meghan, don't hesitate to ask.\" Don't hesitate to ask... Meghan looked down. \"Then can I ask you something else?\" she asked. \"And what would that be?\" She closed her eyes. \"Can I ask you to understand that my friend, Daphne...she's also my cousin.\" \"How very lovely. She's as beautiful as you are, I'm sure.\" Meghan looked up, into those eyes yet again. It was more than obvious, what she should do next. \"I have a picture of her. I can show it to you, if you want.\" \"Oh yes, dear. I'd love to see it.\" And Meghan reached into her coat, ready to throw it all down on the table, ready to show this woman the truth, ready to give Daphne what she'd always wanted. She handed Jocelyn one thing: the school picture. And she had fully planned on handing her the rest, maybe a minute later, at the most. She would've done it, really - if they hadn't at that very moment heard an ear-shattering shriek. \"WHAT IN BLOODY --- ARE YOU DOING HERE?!\" Meghan looked at her challenger, standing in a pink fluffy robe with a green facial mask (finally resembling her true self), and then looked back at Jocelyn, pained. \"I'll be back. I promise.\" Meghan told her. And with that, Jocelyn was left standing there, holding that picture. Meghan had bolted from the room and out the door with Luke. But somehow, the picture seemed to make Jocelyn very, very happy. The Green Hollering Witch, however, was not happy. That is, not until she found a shiny, smooth silver object on the ground near the door. A shiny little object with the name Meghan Reynolds in a scrawling engraving on the back. Oh, how very amusing. \"How did you know what a mac was?\" Meghan looked up from her delicious sandwich, made with quality by expert chefs at none other then The Crystal Spoon, which was today's destination for the \"Wild Couple\", as they'd been branded in many magazines. She had insisted that it would be a wonderful choice, and Luke had soon agreed, after trying the steak. \"What?\" she said. \"How did you know what a mac was?\" Luke repeated. \"I thought you were an American.\" \"I am.\" she told him. \"But that song, Penny Lane - like the horse, remember? It has a line that goes, And the banker doesn't wear a mac, in the pouring rain... \" \"Very strange.\" \" Very strange. \" Meghan sang, laughing. \"Exactly.\" \"Is that my good friend Luke, talking about Beatles songs?\" came a voice. \"And what's this, Miss Meghan as well? They looked up to see a familiar surfer-guy busboy waltzing over to them. \"Ian?\" Luke questioned, surprised. \"I didn't know you worked here.\" \"Well, of course you wouldn't know.\" Ian said, with a smirk. \"Snobs like you wouldn't be caught dead in a place like this.\" Luke mirrored this smirk, with a bit of disgruntled sarcasm. \"Aren't you something?\" \"I certainly am.\" Ian laughed. \"And how are you, Meghan?\" \"I'm...good. Nice to see you.\" \"Luke here is very lucky to have you.\" Ian announced. \"Isn't that right?\" \"Very true.\" Luke conceded. \"Shouldn't you be cleaning tables, or something.\" Ian started to answer, but suddenly froze, staring wide-eyed out the window next to which Meghan and Luke had been dining. The two of them turned to see what he was staring at...and came face-to-face with about ten different cameras. Meghan screamed as they all started flashing like crazy, and caught a flash from across the room - yet another photographer was there, drinking coffee. She looked at Luke. \"Let's go.\" he said firmly. He grabbed Meghan by the arm and pulled her out of the booth. They made a beeline for the door. \"Wait!\" Luke cried. \"Meghan, I wanted to ask you - do you have a sister?\" \"No.\" she replied in a haste. \"But I do have a cousin.\" she said with a smile. She just barely was able to catch Ian smiling back before she and Luke pushed out the door and onto the London streets. They were somewhere in town. They didn't quite know where they were. They just knew that they were out of breath, and needed to stop. Meghan and Luke were both laughing hysterically, despite their troubles. The former was bent over as she stood gasping for breath, holding her arms against her stomach. \"Well, that was something of a rush, yeah?\" Luke quipped through his laughter. \"That's an understatement.\" Meghan replied, still hugging herself as she stood up straight. \"I'm so sorry, Meghan.\" the boy told her. \"I'm sorry that you have to go through this.\" \"It's alright.\" she told him. \"Actually, to tell you the truth, cameras are the least of my worries.\" Luke put his arm around her, drawing her in. \"No worries.\" he told her. \"You let me take care of the worries.\" \"I don't...I don't know if you can.\" Meghan breathed as she put her arms around him and they came together in embrace. As if on cue, Meghan suddenly felt something drop out of her coat and onto the ground. She immediately backed away, to see the remaining contents of the envelope all spilled out in front of her. And in front of Luke. Who stooped to pick up a document printed in the state of New York. Who read said document. Who looked at Meghan in confusion after reading that document. \"Meghan.\" he said. \"Is this the worry you're talking about?\" She looked at him as if someone had suddenly haled off and punched her in the stomach. Just like that. And all she could do was nod as tears began to roll down her face. Luke picked up the remaining three objects. Within seconds, he'd pieced everything together. Meghan turned away, and started to cry. And then she felt herself being pulled into another embrace. She sobbed into a shoulder she had been sure she'd lost. \"Meghan. Please. Don't cry.\" Luke said, as soothingly as he could muster in his shocked state. \"I'm sorry.\" \"No.\" came her muffled cry. \"I'm the one who should be sorry...\" Meghan instinctfully grabbed for her silver locket. The locket she always trusted to be hanging there, faithfully latched at the back of her neck. Tonight, however, it had betrayed that trust. \"My locket!\" she yelped, pulling away and frantically touching her neck and feeling inside her pockets. \"It...it fell off...it's gone!\" Seeing this, Luke thought for a moment, then reached into his own pocket. He pulled out a small black box. \"I'll help you look for it.\" he told her. \"But in the meantime, why don't you wear this instead?\" He opened the box, and through her tear-stricken eyes, Meghan recognized the glittering butterfly necklace she'd seen before. She looked back up at him in awe. \"Not as a replacement, or anything.\" he continued. \"But I've been carrying this around for some time, and now seemed like a good time...to you know, give it to you.\" He took out the necklace and stepped behind her. And for once, Meghan made no protest as he hung the glittering jewels around her neck. And then she turned to face him. And their eyes met. And she felt closer to him than ever before. He knew everything now. He knew her inside and out. And it felt wonderful. Hope that was a surprising er, twist. He. Will be back soon -rf-[Chapter 41] Uh...yeah. I got knocked off the bandwagon. Got a nasty bruise. What knocked me off? College, writer's block, cough laziness cough... Alright, hate me if you want. Just don't hate the story. At least know, though, that I couldn't bear to make you wait any longer, and have therefore only posted one chapter. It's extremely long, though - and pretty revealing. Hope you like. Mrs.Scott323: Oooh, glad you liked the twist. :) And I was a little iffy about the chess game before, but now I feel better. Thanks! A girl and boy sat silent in a park that lay behind a formerly chattery girl's house. The girl sat on the bench of a picnic table, the boy sitting on the table itself, his feet set firmly on the bench near the girl. They both gazed off in different directions, swimming in the churning waters of philosophy. \"I may have said this before.\" Luke commented. \"But no matter, I'll say it again. Meghan, you never cease to amaze me.\" Meghan just kept gazing off, fingering the picture of Henry and Libby together in her hands. \"I've been thinking.\" he said. \"If Henry Dashwood is your cousin's father...doesn't that make him your uncle?\" She looked up at him. \"It would.\" she agreed. \"If he had actually married my aunt. But he didn't. So...he isn't.\" Meghan was surprised at how much it saddened her to say that. \"Didn't you say that they had some kind of ceremony, in Monaco or something?\" Luke asked her. She giggled. \"Morocco. Yes. But it wasn't legal, and obviously, it didn't count.\" Luke still shook his head, deeming the situation just too stark, entirely. \"But you are related to someone who is related to him. I should think that would count for something, wouldn't it?\" Meghan smiled a bit at him, though vaguely. \"In a perfect world, it would.\" she told him. \"But this is the real world, Luke.\" Very disappointed at this, Luke held onto Meghan's gaze for a few seconds, before glancing up to see the distant flash of yet another camera, apparently hidden in the bushes. He sighed. \"Yeah?\" he quipped. \"Well, I hate the real world.\" Then they got up, to wander off to who knows where. The photographer might've followed them, had he not at that moment been ambushed by a team of angry squirrels and a disgruntled raccoon, all sharing a strong distaste for flashy things. After all of the events that took place that day, I didn't think I'd ever be able to focus on studying math. But I tried, anyway. Luke dropped me off at the cottage, and I went inside, my mind still blown. I vaguely greeted Emma, who was bustling in the kitchen. I dodged a flying bowl that seemed to come from the direction of a certain high chair, and heard Great Uncle Wallace squawking as usual as I made my way to the stairs. Entering the room I shared with Faye was downright depressing. Dare I say, morbid. Only the small lamp on her nightstand was on, and on its dimmest setting at that. I could just make out the shape of her body under the covers, and some tussles of blonde hair poking out at the top. I didn't, however, hear the rhythmic, even breathing of peaceful sleep - which meant that yet again, Faye was just lying awake, staring into the darkness. I could only shudder at the thought of what it would be like if Faye had found out about her pending expulsion, if Daphne's grandma hadn't put a stop to it. It would be a morgue in here, literally. Quickly, I grabbed my book bag and skittered out, shutting the door behind me. I wanted to talk to her, but I knew it wouldn't do any good. I'd already tried. My usual study spot was the sitting room, with its cheery mint green walls. This is where I went. I sat down in one of the very comfortable chairs this room hosted, proceeding to open my bag and spread all of its contents out on the coffee table in front of me. It was then that I noticed, among those contents, a manila folder. The manila folder that Ratbreath had given me, that held my \"records\". I decided to look at it again. So my math homework would get postponed for a few minutes. Big deal! Wasn't that the purpose of math homework? To be postponed until there was absolutely nothing left in the world for a person to get their hands on that would distract them from it? Anyway, I opened the folder, and started reading my information. Meaning, as if I didn't already know what it was. But as it turns out, there was something contained in that folder that I didn't already know. And it suddenly came back to me - that I'd read it in the HM's office, and that I'd been confounded by it. See, there was a little space on one of the papers that read \"Nationality\". Right next to the space for \"Blood Type\" (By the way, if you're Type B and ever need a transfusion, I'm your girl). And in this space was printed the words \"Dual-Citizenship\". This is why I was confused. Dual-Citizenship? What in the world does that mean? Was I born in the land of fencing or something? As far as I knew, in New York, people aren't that big on fencing. I mean, I'm sure some people in New York like to fence, but... Okay. That's nonsense. I realized that I'd just have to ask Mom or Aunt Libby about it, the next time I spoke to them. And then the phone rang. And I heard an Irish voice call for me seconds later, saying that someone I knew was on the line. Funny how that works, huh? \"Hello?\" \"Hello, Meghan.\" It was my aunt again. \"Hey, Auntie Libbs.\" \"Is there something you'd like to tell me, by any chance?\" Whoa. That's a broad spectrum. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, would you mind, Meg, explaining to me why you're picture is on the cover of People magazine, walking along and holding the hand of a British aristocrat named 'Lucas Brenshire'?\" Oh. That. Geez, it's even reached my country? Whatever happened to Britney Spears? \"Okay, what about it?\" \"What about it, Meghan?! Do you even know what you're getting yourself into? Why have you been keeping this person from us?\" \"I haven't entirely. I told Daphne.\" \"Oh, well, that's different then, isn't it? C'mon, Meghan! What is going on with you?!\" I was getting increasingly uncomfortable. Aunt Libby...she just doesn't get like this. \"Nothing's going on. Luke is a guy, and I like him. And he likes me.\" \"Really? Well, according to that article, it's a little more complicated then that.\" Article? Suddenly an article is Aunt Libby's all-knowing source of wisdom and truth? \"It's...it's not that bad...\" \"It says that this 'Luke' person is the son of some lord, and that he is the object of affections from a certain Clarissa Payne. \" Halt! Rewind! Did she just say... \"Okay, maybe that part's bad.\" \"You think? I don't...I don't believe this, Meghan. Not only did you keep this boy from us, but you kept something bigger. About this girl. And I think you know what I mean.\" Stinking article. \"I'm sorry, Aunt Libby...\" \"And you kept this all to yourself. Oh wait, excuse me, I suppose you told Daphne about all this.\" Uh, rude much? Who are you, and what have you done with my aunt? \"You promised me, Meghan. You promised me you'd be responsible. And then you turn around and go gallivanting with this boy.\" Gallivanting...that sounded familiar... \" - gallivanting, shall we say, with young Lucas.\" \"I honestly don't know what you're thinking. How could you do this? How could you keep all these secrets?\" I could say that it was the straw that broke the camel's back. But I'm not a camel, and if I were, a straw would do nothing to me, because it is a flimsy piece of plastic. So it was more like the sledgehammer that fell on my toe. Because like a sledgehammer hitting my toe would do, Aunt Libby's words caused me to explode in tears. \"Me? ME?! What about you?! How can you say that to me, when you're the one with all the secrets?!\" I heard silence for a moment. \"Meghan, don't speak to me in that tone.\" she said, calm all of a sudden. \"Tone? Don't talk to me about my tone. You were so cold to me, just now. Why are you criticizing me for keeping things from you, when you're keeping things from Mom, and...from me? You...you hypocrite!\" By now, I was sobbing. I sunk to the floor, heaving breaths. The other end was silence. Even at that moment, I regretted what I said. But I was just so hurt. By my aunt, of all people. I had only been trying to protect her. I hadn't told her about Clarissa. Maybe I should've, but I didn't. Because I thought it would hurt her. I thought she was still in love with Henry Dashwood. But obviously, she wasn't, because she was criticizing me for being with Luke. Criticizing me, like so many others were. I lowered the cordless phone, clutching it to my chest. I was leaning against the bathroom wall, where I'd gone to talk to Aunt Libby. I could only imagine what the Winthrops would've thought of me, had I stayed out in the kitchen. Then, I heard a faint sound. \"Meghan?\" Slowly, I raised the phone back to my ear. I gave Aunt Libby no response, other than my spasmatic breathing. \"Meghan, I'm sorry.\" I closed my eyes. \"I'm in love with him, Aunt Libby.\" A pause. \"What?\" \"Luke. I'm in love with him.\" Again, Aunt Libby was quiet. But after a few seconds, she spoke. \"Okay.\" And I sat there, holding the phone up as I wiped my eyes, just sat there sniveling until Aunt Libby said: \"Meghan?\" \"Yeah?\" \"What is it I'm keeping from you?\" Meghan was wide awake that night, as she lay in bed a few feet from mopey Faye. So, so much had happened. She'd had tea with Daphne's grandma, played chess with her father , and earned a universal welcome into their home. She'd bonded with Luke like never before. And finally, she'd gotten the truth, the FULL truth, from Aunt Libby. This time, it was different, though. This time, what Libby had told her hardly concerned Daphne. It concerned Meghan, and her mother. Meghan had asked her aunt about what was written in her records. Libby's answer had been a deep, resigned breath, similar to the ones she'd taken before, any time she decided to come clean about something. And then... \"Meghan, do you know what 'dual-citizenship' means?\" \"Something about fencing?\" \"Uh...no. It sorta means...that you're a citizen of two countries.\" Meghan had been quiet for a moment, very confused. \"Um...okay. What countries?\" \"Well, you're a citizen of the United States, because both of your parents were American. But there's another country.\" \"Where? Canada?\" \"No. Look out the window.\" She did. \"Uh...I'm a citizen of old Johnson's house?\" \"Who's...never mind. No, Meghan, I mean England.\" Meghan was practically speechless. \"I...what...how...that doesn't make sense!\" \"I know, but it will. See, there are some things about your mother that you don't know, because they are things that your mother has felt too pained to discuss with you. But there's no getting around them now, and I think it's time you knew.\" Meghan waited. \"A long, long, long time ago, back in the 80's, when I was a free-spirited nomadic gypsy traveling the world, my brother (your father), was already in the army, and was stationed in the country you're residing in now. Meanwhile, your mother was attending a fashion school there, not too far away. And don't ask me how, but somewhere along the line, they met each other.\" Libby paused. \"They began spending time together whenever both of them had the chance, and they fell deeper and deeper in love. Your dad would write me letters about this wonderful woman he'd found, that her name was Catherine, that she was sweet and beautiful and talented. And then after about, oh, a year or so, I received a letter that your mom and dad had married, and were already expecting their first (and only) child. I was sad that I hadn't seen their wedding, but made a promise to myself that I'd invite them to mine, if I ever had one. And it was right around this time that I drifted into a little country called Morocco.\" Meghan kept staring at old Johnson's house. \"Consequently, within a month of that, I was in England. Your father had no knowledge of my being there, but I wanted to get in touch with him, so that I could meet your mother - and you, though you weren't even close to being born yet. Unfortunately, that got pushed way off to the side, due to the chaos that later ensued. And so I ended up not only leaving Henry, but the three of you as well.\" She sat listening on the edge of the bathtub. \"I went into hiding, bunking with a friend in New York, who eventually moved to a condo in Florida, leaving me in the apartment we live in now. By then, Daphne was born, and I had a job that paid for the rent and the food and the sitter. Meanwhile, your mother and father remained where they were, and it was there that you were born - which earned you the dual-citizenship.\" Meghan was now so shocked, she thought she'd stare a hole right through the window. An increasing uneasiness was taking over. \"You were all there for four years - it's amazing that you don't remember anything. You lived in a little white cottage - your parents even called it the \"Meghan House\", because you loved it there. Your grandparents Shore bought the house for your mother, and had been paying her tuition at the fashion school, though she'd taken a break from it to take care of you. She'd make dozens of clothing sketches, your father said, and she'd had every intention of going back to school. The three of you were all very happy - until one night. The night your mother came home to find that little white cottage engulfed in flames, along with two other houses. Everything she and your father owned, photographs, heirlooms, and all of those sketches, burned in that fire. Everything was lost.\" Meghan's throat grew tight. She felt the tears coming again. \"They didn't know what to do. After that tragedy, your mother was devastated. She needed to be near her family. So, as much as they loved England, your mother and father decided to go back to New York. Your father requested that he be stationed there, and his wish was granted. And that's when you came here, and you met your aunt and cousin for the first time. And me and my brother were finally reunited. It was incredible.\" There was a pause as Libby recalled this. \"And your father loved his niece from the minute he saw her. He'd spoil my daughter almost as much as he spoiled you. They got that house outside of Chinatown together, and things were pretty good. But your mother never got around to going back to fashion school, in any country, because something about her sketches burning had seemed to kill her ambitions. Besides, she really wanted to stop depending on your grandparents for everything. She felt like a leech, and she took the fire as a sign that she needed to break away from them money wise.\" So that's why she's that way... \"But I thought that was a shame. I had given up on what I loved, and I didn't want to watch her do the same. So, when I went back to singing, at the same time I started making payments...on a house, much like that cottage, in England. I knew me and Daphne would have to crunch, but I got an excellent deal on it, and figured I'd have it paid off in about ten years or so. Then I would tell your mom about it, and hopefully the three of you would all move back and she'd go back to her old fashion school. I did it to make up for all the time I wasn't there. My timing was right on the payments, it turned out, and legally, that house now belongs to me. I decided to let Daphne in on this shortly after her birthday - that was her 'blood test', remember? She was mad at me, though, for keeping this from her aunt, and especially for keeping it all from her cousin.\" Meghan closed her eyes. \"Why did you keep it from us? And why did Mom keep all of this from me?\" \"The same reason goes for both - your mom was so devastated. That fire, and later your father's disappearance, made her want nothing to do with England. She didn't remember those good times, because the loss was too painful. And she didn't want you to know your birthplace, because she was afraid you'd choose full English citizenship...which you can actually do, without naturalization or anything, because of your status. That's why she was scared to let you go on this thing, too.\" Despite the fact that Meghan didn't think she could handle any more shock, she just had to ask one more question. \"What about Daphne?\" she breathed. \"Why have you never told Mom about Daphne?\" Libby sighed. \"I've been asking myself that, along with many other questions, for years, Meghan. I didn't tell anyone at first who Daphne's father was - not even that friend of mine, who thankfully understood how much it hurt me to talk about it. But after she was born, I did realize that I had to tell my dad - your Grandpa Reynolds - why I had a child all of a sudden. But to your mother and her parents, I lied, and told them her father had just run off somewhere. I will always regret that. I guess I was trying to erase Henry as much as I possibly could. It didn't work very well.\" Meghan pondered this, and started to realize there was someone left that Aunt Libby hadn't mentioned. \"Dad.\" she stammered. \"Did he know?\" Aunt Libby's immediate surge of silence gave her the answer. But not completely. \"I didn't think he did.\" Libby replied. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, I didn't have to tell him anything, because he already knew. Remember how I told you that I never got around to contacting your dad while I was in England? Well, despite that, he still knew I was there, because he'd seen me - with Henry.\" Meghan's breath caught in her throat. \"When you three moved back to the States, he told me what he'd seen. But he never said anything to your mom.\" The brown-haired girl, who was about to go into a coma with all the shock she was being continually presented with, was now resigned. She took a deep breath. \"I want you to tell her.\" she shakily murmured into the phone. \"What?\" \"I want you to tell her, Auntie Libbs. Tell Mom. About Daphne, about that house, about the fact that I know about it all. No more secrets, Aunt Libby. Please.\" There was no reply. But Meghan could still hear the exhausted blonde woman breathing hard, still holding the phone to her ear on the other side of the Earth. Meghan squeezed her eyes shut, a tear rolling down her face. She did the same thing now, laying in bed, in that dark room. Please. Not sure I liked how that one turned out, but I had to tell the story somehow...this is the best I could think of. Kinda afraid I made Libby a rambler in this one, but oh well. And don't get after me for getting something wrong about the dual-citizenship thingy. I don't know anything about immigration. I just know that there is such a thing as dual-citizenship - I don't know exactly how it works. I'm just winging it. Sorry. As payment for your wait, I give you all free Coco Puffs. And some orange chicken. But not together. Ew. -rf-[Chapter 42] I am such an idiot. Please don't hurt me. Ack. (holds out chapters with shaking hand) molly: Thanks for your review - actually, when I read it, this chapter had already been written. Now I'm posting, finally. As for your other question...my friend, you have very good insight... Christine Writer: Thanks to you as well, though you are probably ready to kill me. Hope you find these next two interesting as well! Call Me Mimzy: Hope your chocolatey cereal was yummy. Have as much as you want! And while you do that, I'll climb out of the abyss that seems to keep sucking me in. XD Mrs.Scott323: Yeah, Ch. 41 was a little confusing lol, wish I'd written it better. I don't blame you for thinking M&D; were twins - it really had all the signs, come to think of it. I did consider that idea, but...I couldn't make Libby that much of a liar. But you will like what is coming, trust me. :) When Clarissa dragged herself out of bed at 6am Monday morning, she found that her mood was most certainly not great. Not that it ever really was great, but today its not greatness was especially noticeable. There had been an invasion. And no one around her had resisted that invasion. In fact, they had quite welcomed it. Meghan Reynolds was scum. Trash. Rubbish. And yet she'd been allowed into this house , and had drunken tea with Grandmumsie. Not to mention she was in the arms of the man that...oh! The nerve of her! Now, Clarissa had decided, it was time to release the hounds. Fire the canons. Blast her to smithereens - but how? That was what had yet to be figured out. But Clarissa had full confidence in her evil abilities - as did everyone else. \"You're not to do a thing against Meghan.\" Grandmumsie had said. \"I would suggest that you not bother her.\" Henry had said, simply. And when she'd told her grandfather of the incident, he'd briefly replied: \"Now you just leave things up to me, my angel.\" And then he'd patted her head and sauntered off, leaving Clarissa with her mother, whose only response was, \"Now tell me what you think, dear. Should we use peach organza for the tables, or mauve?\" as she flipped through her thousandth wedding catalog. But today, she would form her plot. And she would make sure, this time, that it was foolproof. She sat down with her cup of tea, to read her newest issue of What Is Hot This Very Week magazine. And she was horrified to discover that the face of the blasted American heathen herself was plastered across the cover - along with that of her beloved Lucas, and some stunned-looking busboy. Wild Couple Spotted at Restaurant was the headline. Angered even more, Clarissa flipped to the article. \"Late last Saturday afternoon, one of our photographers snapped a few shots of London's hottest new couple, dining at a little-known garden bistro called 'The Crystal Spoon'. Lucas Brenshire, heir to the Brenshire fortunate and next in line to his father's seat in Parliament, was said to be having steak, while his American export girlfriend, Meghan Reynolds, dined on a sandwich. (It was not disclosed exactly what type of sandwich the girl was eating, nor whether Lucas's steak was rare or well-done.) When asked to comment, those who were there at the time had this to say: \"I think they look very lovely together. I was that girl, before my divorce. That ---- left me without a pence...\" Kitty Jenkins, 56 \"What do I thinka who? Hey, gimme somore scotch...\" Billy, age unknown \"Can't you just let the girl alone?!\" Laurence Winthrop, 43, restaurant owner \"What I don't understand, sir, is why anyone would want to eat at this lard factory anyhow. I'm only eating here because my wife spent most all of my money on frilly hats with feathers all over 'em. I despise this food. If you even want to call it that. Food, I mean. Hrumph.\" Edward Johnson, 74, regular customer The unidentified busboy, also seen in the pictures, had nothing to say on the matter. The eating establishment, said to be anticipating an inspection this coming Thursday, has kept up with business as usual, seemingly oblivious to its newfound publicity. As for the couple, who quickly ran off in haste after being photographed - they have not been seen since. One photographer was quick to claim that he'd seen them conversing in a park shortly after. However, the man was beaten in appearance and seemed to be out of his right mind, and his camera was destroyed - the claim was dismissed. Oh, the nerve! The audacity! Oh, how Clarissa hated her! But then, a wry smile began to creep across her face. Her plot. It was forming. She daintily picked up the phone. \"Yes, Mirabelle, dear? This is Clarissa. Does your wretched brother still have those pets of his? Um-hm. Good. Then I would like to ask a favor of him...\" As Clarissa spoke, she smiled devilishly, twirling a shiny silver heart in her hands. This time, she would win. Certainly, Meghan didn't feel like going to school on Monday. But she did, anyhow. She looked the same. Same white polo shirt and plaid skirt. Same navy blazer with the stars and stripes patch. Same white knee-highs with clompy shoes. Same brown wavy hair that was hard to tame. But nothing else seemed the same. Meghan's precious locket did not hang from her neck - rather, a blue crystalline butterfly hung in its place. It was comforting, but still different. Also, no one around her was the same. For the most part, Faye's friends seemed to loathe her, and Faye seemed to be suffering from some kind of strange depression. But to most everyone else in that school and to a great many outside of it, Meghan was some kind of star, or hero. Everywhere she went, she'd hear shouts and whistles here and there. She'd receive grins of admiration and surprise from people who before never knew she'd existed. And above all, she definitely did not feel the same. Meghan felt an uneasiness that she believed would never wear off, due to all that had been revealed to her. Her mother and father seemed like different people. Even Meghan herself felt as if her own identity had been changed. It wasn't supposed to be her. She was supposed to be the normal one. Daphne was the one whose birth had come straight from a fairy tale - why was Meghan the one freeing lost souls from the dungeon? And why was her mother's soul lost in there with them? Maybe it was just better to except it now - nothing would ever be normal for this family anymore. If things ever really were... \"Meghan.\" She snapped up from her gourmet lunch to face her inquisitor, Emily, who had long since overtaken Faye as the major talker and leader of the group. \"Yeah?\" \"Meghan, there is a serious matter that needs discussing.\" Emily said, in a very businesslike tone. \"Okay.\" \"It seems to us that things have changed dramatically ever since you came along - and unfortunately, a great deal of that change hasn't been for the better.\" Samantha and Bridget nodded their heads solemnly, in support of Emily's claim. \"For one, you've attracted a great deal of unwanted attention to this table, from some very unsavory people.\" Do NOT say her name. It sickens me so... \"Secondly, after much observation by myself and my friends here, it seems that you actually seem to be in support of these unsavory people, due to the fact that you are unwilling to do anything against them. We've observed that you may even have deeper motives, such as trying to charm the rich in order to get your, as you might say, 'piece of the pie'.\" Meghan opened her mouth to protest, but Emily quickly held up her hand. \"Lastly, our friend Faye's behavior has changed dramatically over the past few weeks. She indeed has become very distempered, and we believe that it is highly likely that you play a part in this... change .\" She paused for a moment, before moving on. \"All of this, Meghan, has been causing us a great deal of discouragement, discomfort, disagreement, and disappointment. Not to mention a fair amount of disgust. Therefore, after much consideration, we have decided that it may be best for you to...become separate. From us.\" Meghan stared for a minute, speechless. \"...What?\" \"We would, from this moment forward, like you avoid being in our presence as much as possible. We would like you to ignore us as we pass in the hallway. We would like you to refrain from speaking to us whenever we shall meet. And...we would like for you to leave this table.\" Meghan was awestruck. How on earth did they get this impression of her? How had things gotten so ruined? \"But...I...\" \"We hope that by making these changes, we will be preventing a huge amount of torment and aggravation, both of which we have constantly been receiving from certain people. By cutting off what seems to be the source of our troubles, we hope that these troubles may lessen, if not disappear altogether. With admittedly deep regret, I must inform you that this decision is unanimous.\" A huge lump was gathering in Meghan's throat as she tried to process what was happening. \"Even you, Faye?\" she murmured, looking to the blonde next to her. Faye only looked away. With that, Meghan stood up, lifting her tray up with her. \"Alright, then.\" she said softly to the three associates. She then turned, walked to an empty table, and sat. Looking to her right, Meghan saw the pretty courtyard fountain, which was nearer to her than it had been before. She watched the water trickle down as she ate, wishing all the while that her REAL best friend was here with her. Daphne, why did I ever leave you? Alastair was very disgruntled. He had just been informed that the Winthrop girl had been spared from expulsion. Oh, why can't that horrid old woman just hurry up and die?! He knew, just knew , that this \"Meghan Reynolds\" had to be of some relation to the woman he'd shooed away so many years ago. It was simply too coincidental, with the girl's age and persona, for it to be otherwise. He'd asked the girl of her mother's name. This...Catherine? Ha! To be sure! Alastair could smell a lie from a kilometer away. Which is why his newest ploy came very easily to him. Not a lot of trouble had to be taken to obtain the girl's telephone number. Especially when you are close, personal friends with Jasperstone Academy's headmaster. The only hard part, actually, was trying to make an actual phone call to the US. He loathed the US, among other countries, and therefore usually left foreign phone calls up to Henry, or to one of his associates. Eventually, however... Ring! Ring! Ring! \"Hello?\" \"Yes, hello indeed.\" A pause. \"...Okay. Who is this?\" \"I think you know very well who this is, my dear woman.\" Another pause. \"I'm afraid I...don't follow.\" \"Now, there's really no need to play games, is there?\" \"What are you talking about? You sound British. Are you calling about Meghan?\" \"I've met the girl. She's very dull. Truthfully, woman, I'm much more interested in talking about you.\" \"Okay, I don't know what kind of joke you're trying to play here, you b- \" \"Oh, there is no trickery here, I assure you. Just an innocent phone call from an old, dear friend. You do remember me, don't you, Elizabeth?\" \"Elizabeth? Oh, no, I'm not -\" \"I'm sure you must remember me. I'm Alastair Payne, Henry's advisor.\" \"Who? Listen, buddy, I suggest you - \" \"Who's on the phone?\" Libby asked, walking into the kitchen. Catherine put her hand over the receiver. \"Some British idiot calling for 'Elizabeth'.\" she said, uttering the last word in a snotty, butlerish tone. \"Shh. I'm about to tell him off.\" Libby's heartbeat sped up a bit. \"Catherine, maybe you should let me - \" \"Shh!\" Catherine repeated. \"No, I do NOT know you, you sicko, nobody here knows anybody named Alastair. \" Libby drew in a sharp breath. \"Your act is useless, Elizabeth. You may as well drop it.\" \"Sir, my name is CATHERINE, there is no ELIZABETH here, I can name you off all of the people in this household, and not one person here goes by ELIZABETH, and I swear, if you even go NEAR my daughter - \" \"Oh, so your daughter's name is Elizabeth.\" \"NO, my daughter's name is Meghan, my niece's name is Daphne, and my sister-in-law's name is not Elizabeth, it's -\" Catherine heard a noise, before hearing the line go completely silent. She saw the cord move. She looked in its direction. There stood Libby, who had just disconnected the phone. Her face was pale, and she was breathing heavily. Catherine stared for a moment. Then she spoke. \"Libby.\" she said. \"What's going on?\"[Chapter 43] I strolled out of the academy after school Thursday afternoon, in my usual dazed state. This time, however, I was accompanied by no one. I knew that what those girls were doing was ridiculous - I mean, I lived with Faye. She had no choice but to come in contact with me. Apparently, though, such contact was going to be delayed this afternoon, as Faye was clinging to the rest of her group, who stayed a considerable distance behind me as I neared the schoolyard gates. It had been like this all week, ever since those girls barred me from their table. Fortunately, though, there was at least one person who deemed me well enough to be in their presence. \"Hello, Meghan.\" Luke said as he sauntered over to me from where he'd been waiting outside. \"Fine day at school?\" \"No.\" I replied. \"But, what else is new. Tell me about your day. Maybe it was better than mine.\" \"My day?\" he chuckled. \"Could've been better. Could've been worse. But it's not over yet.\" I eyed him with suspicion. \"What do you mean by that?\" \"Nothing.\" he said. \"Just that my day isn't over yet.\" But I could see little bits of a smirk that was just itching to break out across his face. \"I think there's more to it than that, isn't there, Luke?\" Man, just once can someone just tell me something, instead of constantly throwing surprises in my face? \"Alright, yes, there is. As a matter of fact, I'm going to visit some friends. And you'll be accompanying me.\" \"Oh, will I?\" I slyly retorted. \"You can't make me, you know.\" Really, I thought I'd pretty much had my fill of people who are 'friends' with... \"I know. But I don't think I have to make you. You see, these friends I'll be visiting are the Dashwoods.\" This got my attention. I looked at him. \"Clarissa not included.\" he added with a wink. I narrowed my eyes. \"Just what are you up to, Lucas Brenshire?\" \"Oh, nothing.\" he airily replied, starting off down the road with his nose in the air. \"Don't you walk off! Come back here and tell me what's -\" \"I'll be at the Winthrops' in an hour.\" he stated simply with a grin, before running off like one of those mischeivious little English schoolboys you often see in movies, with those scrawny bare legs and black knickers. And the schoolboy kept his word. Approximately sixty minutes later, I heard the sound of a motor running outside from my seat at the dining room table. I ran to the door, still chewing food, to find Luke standing there with an excited-slash-anxious look on his face. \"What are you doing still eating?!\" he exclaimed. \"Come on, they're expecting us!\" \"I...expecting...what?\" I stammered, while at that very moment being grabbed by the arm and dragged out by a viscount's son who seemed extremely impatient. \"Luke!\" I protested. \"Wait! Luke, my bag!\" He dragged me to his bike, which was still running, and nodded. \"Stay there.\" He sprinted back up to the door and into the house, and seconds later emerged with my bag, which had been hanging in the entryway. Thrusting the bag into my arms, he sat down on the bike and handed me a helmet. \"Let's go.\" We sped off before I'd even been able to set the helmet on my head. And I found it extremely hard to hold onto Luke's shoulder while trying to buckle a helmet strap at the same time. \"Luke!\" I shouted, laughing in spite of myself. \"Have you gone insane?!\" \"No.\" he answered over the noise. \"Just mad.\" \"That's the SAME THING!\" He didn't seem to pay that any attention. And being that I was seated precariously on a MOVING VEHICLE, I had no way of stopping him from speeding us both past the cottages, past the academy, and right through the iron gates that guarded Dashwood Manor. Luke finally killed the motor as he parked his bike. \"Luke.\" I hissed as we both dismounted. \" Please tell me what's going on!\" \"What are you so worried about?\" he asked with a grin as he unstrapped his helmet, before taking the liberty of unstrapping mine. \"We're only going to visit your uncle.\" \"Shush!\" I urged him. \"And he's not my - \" \"Good afternoon, Master Luke.\" came an uppercrust voice from the direction of the mansion's entrance. I jumped. \"And to you, Miss Meghan.\" Ganes added. \"Hi.\" \"Good afternoon, sir.\" Luke responded, seeming quite sure of himself. \"Pleasure to see you again.\" \"And you as well.\" I smiled. My boyfriend was Charles Dickens. \"Shall we go in, my love?\" Soon, I found myself in that sitting room once again. And there sat the lovely Lady Dashwood, reading another book. She immediately looked up, however, and beamed as we walked in. \"Ah, Meghan and Lucas. So glad you're here. Come, it's time for tea.\" As the woman walked breezily into the hallway, I still stood there, my arm hooked with Luke's. I looked up at him. \"Am I missing something, here?\" I asked him. \"Yes.\" he said decisively. \"You're missing tea. And so am I.\" I rolled my eyes and let him lead me toward the little room where Jocelyn sat. Okay, why's everyone in such a hurry? There were four chairs around this tea table. Luke quickly shuffled over to the chair across from Jocelyn, pulling it out. He gestured at it, implying that I was to sit there. When I did so, he then slid into the seat next to her, so that he was between the two of us. I sat there, confused, nibbling on a cookie I'd just plucked from the little multi-layer tea tray that sat in the middle, wondering where all the sense in this world had gone to. I couldn't even see Lady Dashwood. The tea tray was in the way. Tentatively, I moved my head to the side and peered around it. I saw Jocelyn glance at a guilded clock with Roman numerals. Turning back, she smiled at me. But she said nothing. Also, Luke said nothing. Oh, hello, Anxiety. Welcome back. This ever-so-lovely silence enabled me to hear the distant footsteps down the hall as they got louder and louder. Enter the one person who might've been just as confused as I was. And hello to you, again. Henry, of course, was taken aback, and not for the first time. Mother. But he didn't say what he was thinking. Instead, he attempted to hide his surprise with a polite smile - it didn't work too well. \"Luke. Meghan. What a clever surprise.\" He would be having a talk with his mother later, about alerting him when they were having company. He knew what she'd say: \"Why does it matter so much to you that you know ahead of time, when Meghan is coming for a visit?\" Well, the answer to that was rather complicated. But the fact was that it mattered, plain and simple. Being around this girl required some sort of mental preparation, be it miniscule, thrown together or otherwise, and Henry was sure that by facing this fact, things would be better and easier for everyone involved. Or for him, at least. \"Henry, dear, come. Sit. It's time for tea with Mum.\" Yes. No use fighting that. He nodded. \"Right. Of course.\" Meghan, meanwhile, watched Henry as he was forced to take the only remaining seat - between her and his mother. Conveniently. Meghan was beginning to catch on. She looked at Luke... Who was grinning to himself behind the tea tray. For two reasons, actually. One, his plan seemed to be working so far. Two, for once, someone older than he was had not called him \"Lucas\". But then, as he caught sight of Meghan's worried, anxious face, his expression changed. Immediately, he gazed at her, eyes brimming with compassion. He reached under the table, found her hand, and squeezed it. It's going to be alright. Trust me. Meghan smiled a little. \"How is your day going, Mother?\" \"Very well, thank you, dear. In fact, I was just informed by Lucas of something quite wonderful. Would you care to repeat it for us, Lucas?\" Still holding Meghan's hand, Luke turned to Lady Dashwood. \"Of course. I felt that it was simply undeniable that I must immediately come to have tea with the both of you, to discuss - \" He coughed, and noticed that Meghan's eyes were positively fixated on him... \"Sorry. To discuss my sister's New Year's ball. She plans to hold it on the 3rd of January. She wants you all to attend.\" Smiling, Jocelyn turned back to Henry. \"See? Isn't that lovely? Of course, I would've thought as much anyhow, being that she's such a sweet girl...\" Marianne? We're here to talk about Marianne? That's all? \"Yes, I have to say, I've always found her to be a decent young woman.\" \"She's rather fond of you both as well. The whole...lot of you, actually.\" Although that's sort of a lie, because no one really likes your future stepdaughter... \"Yes, very good, glad to hear it.\" Henry said. Meghan smiled. This might be pretty easy after all. \"There's just one thing, though, that I thought I might discuss with you. And it might be rather sore for someone...\" Luke stated, hesitantly. \"What might that be?\" Jocelyn asked, keeping up with what seemed to be her job, of helping Luke to keep the converstaion moving. \"Well, you see, although the ball itself is a long way off, I thought this might be as good a time as ever to talk to you about...Clarissa.\" Jocelyn cocked her head, while Henry studied Luke as best he could through the tiny openings in the tea tray. \"Yes...what about her?\" \"Well, the thing is...she might be expecting me to escort her to the ball. But I don't plan to do that. I plan to take Meghan.\" Meghan practically choked on her cookie. \"Me?!\" However, she seemed to be the the only one who was surprised. Luke quickly turned his head. \"Yes, you! Who did you think I'd be taking?\" \"I dunno...\" He turned back to Jocelyn. \"Thus, this is the dilemma I am faced with...\" \"Dilemma? What dilemma? Why, it's more than obvious that you should take Meghan. You love her, don't you?\" This made Luke's demeanor change almost instantly, as he immediately fell into a state of bashful nervousness. \"Well, I...I mean...er...I do love her, yes.\" he said, looking down and laughing nervously as he turned bright red. And Meghan's skin quickly became the same color. Tears began to well up a little bit in the speechless girl's eyes. She looked at the boy, glowing with the warmth of what he'd just said. \"Luke...\" They caught each other's gaze for a moment, and he smiled at her. She smiled shyly back before they both immediately bent their heads again, embarrassed and overjoyed at the same time. If not for the annoying centerpiece being in the way, Luke would've seen Henry flash him a look of approval. But the man said nothing, due to the fact that he was feeling a bit uncomfortable himself. Thank goodness for someone else. \"Then there's really no problem, is there, Lucas?\" He lifted his head. \"No, I suppose there isn't.\" \"Good then. And I assume you'll be taking her to the Winter Ball as well.\" \"Winter Ball?\" \"Why, yes! The annual Winter Ball, held jointly by Jasperstone Academy and the Morris School for Boys. Surely you must know about it!\" Winter Ball? \"Oh...oh! Yes! The Winter Ball! I'd completely forgotten about that...\" \"Dear, you must be simply frazzled, and I think I know why.\" Jocelyn winked at Meghan around the tray. \"In any case, however, you two would best start planning. Which reminds me...come, Luke, I've something to show you. Henry, why don't you and Meghan go and chat in the sitting room?\" \"But, Mother, what about tea?\" \"Oh, enough of tea...Lucas, this way!\" Having said this, Jocelyn flew off again. Seeing that he had no choice but to follow, Luke gave Meghan one last extra squeeze, along with a reassuring look, before parting with her and dashing out of the tea room. Meghan Reynolds and Henry Dashwood had now both been left to their own accord. They responded to this by sitting silently for a few moments, befuddled. \"Lovely weather we're having, isn't it?\" Henry finally said. \"Hmm? Oh...yes. It's not raining.\" Another long pause. \"I...hope I'm not keeping you from work or anything...\" \"Oh, no. No bother about work. I've been working myself sick lately, and yet have been finding it very hard to concentrate...shall we go into the sitting room?\" \"Okay.\" Once there, Henry suddenly found himself in possession of enough nerve to ask Meghan the following question: \"Tell me, Meghan, do you think you might fancy Lucas? I mean, the way he fancies you...\" Meghan looked at Henry with a smile. \"Yes. I fancy him very much.\" He smiled a little himself, staring off into space for a second. \"And you plan to tell him that, don't you?\" \"Of course!\" Meghan answered this immediately, and her answer was the truth. But she found herself thinking a little deeper about what Henry had said. You told him you loved him, didn't you, Aunt Libby? Because I know that you DID love him... \"Good, then.\" he conceded. \"Are you up to another game of chess?\" Meghan nodded. Yes, she was up to a game of chess. And for the moment, there wasn't anything else, really, that she'd rather do. And with that, rhapsodyflower, anticipating flames, hides behind the closest person she can find. This person is Faye, who is morbidly depressed. Faye: Shove off, wanker! It's YOUR fault I'm in this misery, because YOU wrote it. And if I weren't so morbidly depressed, I'd join everyone else in roasting you with the criticism you deserve!!! rhapsodyflower: It's not MY fault you were nosy. Nor is it my fault that you were suspended. That blame belongs to you, your vengeful friends, and indirectly, Clarissa. And I think you're forgetting that I'M the one who created you. I could drop an anvil on your whiney head, if I wanted to. Or I could have you attacked by pigeons, or make you a guy, or - Faye, unmoved, walks off, leaving rhapsodyflower alone and vulnerable. rhapsodyflower: Fine. Whatever. Okay, here's the deal. To make this up to you, anyone who reads this is encouraged to look in my profile for a SPECIAL OFFER. Also, be here Saturday for the next two chaps. 45's already written, and 46 is well on its way. In the meantime, I'll just be sitting here...scared...really scared... -rf-[Chapter 44] See? Sometimes I really do come through. It is Saturday night, and here are two more chapters. Typo: In my last note, I said 45 was done and 46 was started. Actually, 44 was done and 45 was started. Glad that's cleared up. Mari324: Oooooh so happy you love it. Your wait is over:) Green Animelover: Fantastic as...USUAL?! YAY! I'm so happy that I am able to deliver fantastic stuff. Thanx, you rock. And anime's pretty cool too. Mrs.Scott: I can always count on your great reviews. Thanks for not hating me. :) And if you hate Alistair now, wait until you're done with 44. You will despise him. And I'm glad you want to be surprised, that makes me very happy. :D While Luke was off somewhere in the mansion with Lady Dashwood, being shown whatever it was he was being shown, I was creaming Henry in chess. Again. It's funny, I actually learned how to play chess when me and Daphs were signing up for clubs at school, and we dared each other to join some weird/dorky ones that we wouldn't even think of joining otherwise. I dared her to join the Folk Dancing Club - which she ended up dropping after just a few sessions, because the Swedish exchange student was hitting on her. I, meanwhile, was dared to join the Chess Club. And I actually ended up enjoying it...well, once I learned how to play. This guy named Merv taught me - and no, he wasn't at all like the word that rhymes with his name. He was far too busy with not only chess games, but also Darklord Wizard card games, Alien Invader computer showdowns, and designing an artificial spleen to care about girls. Anyway. To make a long story short, I ended up loving chess, Daphne joined the Amateur Radio Club to replace folk dancing, and we both joined the Asian/Pacific Islander Club for no particular reason. By the way, best club EVER! And all that time in Chess Club has made me the person I am today: one who can take down Henry Dashwood in a game that he should be able to play with his eyes closed. Not to mention I was striking a HUGE blow against stereotypes. Haza, as Merv would say. Also, while we were playing, me and Daphne's dad had this really nice conversation. \"So. Meghan. If I may ask, what is it you're planning to do when you're finished at Jasperstone?\" I knew the answer. \"I'm going back to New York, to finish my senior year and graduate from high school.\" \"And after that?\" This answer was a little more foggy. \"Um...well, actually I'm not really sure. Maybe go to the community college...\" I could tell by his face that he found this quite dull. \"Really. Doesn't sound quite adventurous enough.\" I looked at him for a second. \"Adventurous?\" \"...Yes...what I mean is, you're entirely unlike the kind of girl who wishes to settle for something as dismally conventional as a 'community college'. Well, seeing as you came all the way to England, that is. Before even finishing secondary school...\" This I pondered as I moved my chess piece, close to winning yet again. \"What is it you're hoping to become?\" I looked up. \"Well, I haven't really thought all that much about it...\" Henry's face went almost aghast. \"My word, haven't thought about it? Why, you're about to graduate! That's what you told me, isn't it?\" I knew there was a point there, and I felt a little ashamed. But I really hadn't thought about it... \"Well, nothing has really interested me. My cousin wants to be a psychologist, but that doesn't really appeal to me...\" \"Good then. You know what you don't want to do. But what are the things you do want?\" My mind was blank. Just, blank. A feeling I wanted to avoid. \"Uh.\" \"Wait a minute. I'm only presenting this as a possibility, an option, but...do you think you might ever consider returning here? To London?\" This made me think. But I didn't have to think much, really. \"Well...yeah! I mean yes, I'd love to, but - \" \"But what?\" \"I can't afford it.\" This made him look down again, back at the game board, for he apparently didn't have a response for that one. He rubbed the back of his neck. Then it hit me. Of course he thinks I'll be back here. Because he thinks I'm Daphne. Why had I only just now registered that in my mind? I mean, it's only obvious that's the reason he's prodding me to come back to London. After all, Daphne's the one who belongs here. Not me. No. Wait a minute. How sweet! He wanted Daphne to be here with him! I mean, he wanted me. Me, Daphne. I mean, Meghan. Oh geez. I needed to tell him... \"Henry, you simply must look over these files, they're completely out of order. What have you prepared for the address next week? Honestly...\" came a fast approaching voice. A voice I didn't like. The owner of that voice stopped dead in his tracks a few feet away from us, when he looked up from the paperwork he was carrying long enough to see exactly what the man whose shirttails he clung to was doing. \"Hello, Alistair. Nice of you to join us.\" my chess opponent politely mumbled, not even taking his eyes from the game. \"You're just in time to see me finally win another game of chess against Meghan here.\" I made my eyes move to the board. It was true. I had been close to winning, but I'd stopped paying attention. He'd found a niche, and overtaken me. \"Oh...yay...for you...\" I squeaked. It was all I could think of to say, being that two eyes were once again drilling holes into my body with their piercing, menacing stare. Henry was quite proud of himself. \"Yes. I was rusty, from having not played in so long, and you used that to your advantage. But it's coming back to me now.\" he boasted. \"Alistair, come have a look.\" The Shakespearian clone didn't budge. \"I'd...rather not, thank you. And as amusing as that truly is, shouldn't you be getting back to your work?\" Henry was already setting up the chess pieces for another round. \"The address is on my desk for you to proofread. I'm occupied at the moment.\" Meghan was trying her best not to smile at what he was doing. Alistair, on the other hand, seemed to have lost all circulation to his face, because it was going increasingly pale. More footsteps were heard, and Meghan looked up to see Jocelyn and Luke as they entered the room. She wondered what they'd been talking about that had kept him gone so long. \"I'll be talking with you more about that later.\" Jocelyn told the teenager who followed her out. \"Until then - oh. Hello, Alistair.\" \"Good afternoon, Jocelyn.\" the man replied. \"Lucas.\" he added, with more of a grumble. Words rang in Luke's head, as well as in Meghan's at the same time. \"How dare you?!\" \"Whose plan was it then? Yours?\" Jocelyn looked to her son, and smiled. \"I see you two have been playing chess again.\" \"Again?\" Alistair blurted, his voice a bit low, as if what he'd just said hadn't been meant to come out, but rather to stay in his head, swirling along with all of his other fiendish thoughts. When everyone turned to look at him, he quickly gathered himself. \"I mean, again, as in, you've been playing chess all this time, and never asked me to have a go with you?\" he regally inquired. Henry looked at him, a bit confused. \"What you're meaning to say is, you're actually interested in playing, but I've never given you the chance?\" he said, with a half smile. Meghan was on the verge of laughing. \"Well,\" Alistair stammered, the picture of discomfort, \"never mind that. What I really mean to say, Henry, is that the clock is ticking, and the campaign is heating up. I want you to stay focused.\" Henry bent over, looking for a pawn that had fallen on the floor. \"Henry?\" \"Right, right, yes. The address, Alistair?\" \"Yes. Right away! I'll get right on that.\" Alistair said quickly, before clicking out, a look of ambition on his face. Everyone found this very amusing. Meghan looked to Jocelyn, whose face seemed to say to her, \"You're really causing quite a lovely stir.\" She then looked to Luke, who smiled his famously warm smile, before taking residence on the claw-footed couch. Then she saw Henry straighten up, having apparently found the game piece he was looking for. He grinned a little as well, and to Meghan, looked almost sly. \"Shall we get back to our game?\" he said. She nodded. Yes. Our game. We played a few more rounds, and then we stopped. But no one left the room. The thing is, it was really easy to sit there, still at the chess table across from Henry, just talking. With everyone. Luke was there, and I was alright. Alistair had already been shooed from the area. Clarissa was off a-twittering with her gal pals while she shopped for flowery hats, lacey gloves, and foofy dresses. And I was here. I know this had been Luke's plan all along. To get me around Daphne's father and grandmother, to get me comfortable. I'm grateful to him for this, for trying to help - after all, his plan seemed to be going well enough. I was enjoying myself. But how was this helping Daphne, exactly? It's not Luke's fault. It's mine. Because for some reason, it was easy for me to talk about anything under the sun...except Daphne. And Aunt Libby, of course. When I thought about throwing something in that would very likely lead to the subject of my aunt and cousin, my heart would speed up, and my throat would tighten, and it would suddenly get very hot in the room. Henry was talking a little about how he'd been in the Peace Corps. I could've certainly said, \"Really. My aunt was in the Peace Corps. She liked it for the travel. And she brought her guitar with her everywhere she went.\" But I didn't. They'd asked if I'd known much about England before I'd come here. I could've said, \"Tons. I watch a lot of BBC America. But only when my cousin's not around, because when she watches it, it makes her sad.\" But instead I said, \"I knew a few things.\" They'd asked if I'd been to many other places. I could've said, \"Not as many places as my aunt. She's been to South America, India, Morocco...\". But somehow I thought it more fitting to say, \"Well, New Jersey. I've been to New Jersey.\" I am such a horrible, horrible person. How selfish is that? I was sitting here in an English palace, with her family - and my cute boyfriend - while Daphne was probably just sitting at home, eating Chung noodles. CHUNG NOODLES. During the course of the conversation, I noticed something. Luke, of course, seemed to be staying away from the subject of Daphne. No surprise there. But what did surprise me was that Jocelyn seemed to be doing the same thing. After giving her that photograph and being about to tell her a little (or a lot) about Daphne - but being so rudely interrupted, I had figured upon her bringing Daphne up when next I visited. But for some reason, nothing was said. Her son didn't say anything, either, but that was just by chance. Also, I'm pretty sure he was afraid to ask me anything in regards to my family. It's weird. Sometimes I think they're hinting at things. Other times, I think they could care less. Maybe my mind is just playing tricks on me. Eventually, after much nice visiting talk, it was time for everyone to go back to their own respective, possibly dreary, realities. But though it was dreary to me that I was leaving the Dashwood residence, my reality wasn't all bad - Luke was coming with me. And staying with me, for at least a few hours. Besides, I'd be back. If I didn't make sure of that, it was clear that Luke would. First, though, I went to what was called the \"powder room\", to \"freshen up\". Actually, I was going in there to put on more lip gloss, because I planned on telling Luke later that I \"fancied him\", and the reapplication of lip gloss could possibly be integral, for the events that might follow. Jocelyn had to show me the way, because a person could get lost in a house like hers. Once there, I glossed more than sufficiently, and put on a little more blush for good measure. Satisfied, I exited the powder room, ready to go with Luke to wherever he might take me. But as I was walking out, I suddenly felt something grab my arm. Startled, I drew in a breath - and saw that what grabbed me turned out to be the most evil man in my world. \"I'm only going to tell you once.\" Alistair said, in a low, wicked, rumbling voice. He'd leaned in so that he was only inches from the side of my face, and I could feel his hot, vile breath trickling down my neck. \"Stay away from Lord Dashwood.\" I couldn't turn to face him. But I did manage to force up the courage to respond. \"Why?\" I asked, in the firmest voice I could muster. So firm that it sounded more like a statement than a question. \"Because you do not belong here.\" he spat into my ear. \"You are nothing. You will never be anything to him, do you hear me? Your name, your face, your blood - it all means nothing. \" \"What does my name or my blood have to do with anything?\" I growled back at him, terrified as I was. \"Enough of your facade!\" he raged, yanking my arm even harder. \"I know who you are!\" His face was more evil, more gruesome than any human face I'd ever seen. His eyes bulged with fury, and he looked ready to strangle me and leave me to die. It was most horrifying thing I'd ever seen in my life. But he was wrong. And my anger was stronger than my fear. I wrenched my arm away, and looked him straight in the face. \"You have no IDEA who I am!\" I snarled, eyes blazing. \"And you will NOT dictate to me what I can or cannot do!\" And before he could say anything more, I spun around and took off, down the hallway, around the corner, and out into the sitting room, where Luke was waiting with Lady Dashwood. \"There you are!\" he declared, getting up from the couch. \"I was wondering what was taking you so - \" He looked closer at me. \"Meghan.\" he said, now concerned. \"Your face is red. What happened to you?\" I looked at him for a few seconds, disoriented, trying to get my mind back in order. I couldn't tell him the truth. Not with Jocelyn there. \"I...I think I turned the heat lamp on by mistake.\" I stammered. Luke didn't seem to buy it. But he didn't press any further. \"Well, alright then. Let's go.\" He held up my coat for me. Still bewildered, I vaguely moved my arms up into it and fiddled the buttons. Jocelyn, who looked suspicious herself, came up to bid us goodbye. \"Hope to see you back soon. We must prepare for the ball.\" she said, giving me a little hug. I nodded, and forced myself to smile. I then went out, ahead of Luke, desperate for fresh air. When he emerged about thirty seconds later, he looked at me, his hands in his pockets. \"Meghan, Lady Dashwood says that there are no heat lamps in that powder room.\" I looked back at him. \"I know.\" I said. \"That wasn't why I was red. I was red, Luke, because Alistair Payne ambushed me in the hallway.\" At seven o'clock that night, Meghan returned to the Winthrops'. After telling Luke all of what Alistair had said and done to not only Meghan herself but to her aunt as well, he'd taken her for a nice, long walk through one of the public gardens. Though it was autumn, many of the flowers were still in bloom, and the garden's beauty together with the one by her side were helpful in calming Meghan down. Now, as she entered the house, she felt strange. Not because of what had happened before, but because the house seemed...somber. Emma and Laurence were both seated at the dining room table, and the light that hung over it was turned on. It was the only light on in the entire lower level of the house, save for the flashing TV in the den. Emma's hands were clasped around a cup of coffee, and Laurence had his rubbing his head as his elbows rested on the surface in front of him. Meghan wasn't sure she wanted to know why they were doing this, or if it were her business. \"Where's Faye?\" she asked simply. \"Upstairs. In her bedroom.\" Emma said, her voice solemn. Meghan turned and went up to the second floor, to find the door to Faye's room closed, as it often was nowadays. When Meghan opened the door, she found that the room was pitch black. But she heard something along the lines of a startled breath, which told her that Faye was, in fact, inside. \"Okay, That's it. I'm turning a light on in here.\" Meghan announced. She entered the room, almost tripping over a rather large bundle. The bundle hissed and started to move, brushing against Meghan's leg as it did so. She ignored this and stumbled her way over to her nightstand, reaching for the chain to turn on the little lamp. The room now lit, Meghan looked over at Faye. The girl was under the covers of her messy bed, with only her head and one of her arms sticking out of them. Her blonde hair was a stringy mess all over the pillow, and school papers were strewn all over the comforter. With the light now in her face, Faye squinted, holding her free hand over her face. \"Faye.\" Meghan said firmly. \"What's the matter with you?\" Faye moved about under the covers, sending a few papers drifting to the floor, while Meghan picked up the teddy bear she'd knocked off her nightstand while trying to find the lamp. \"I'm sorry, Faye. I know you've been upset about your suspension and all, and about Clarissa pesticating us, but this is too much. All you do is mope around. And I am sick of seeing you like this.\" \"Stop.\" Faye murmured. \"Please. Let me alone.\" \"No, Faye! I'm trying to help you. You never used to let Clarissa bother you to the point of interfering with your life. But now, because of her, you're constantly holed up in your room, wallowing in depression. What are you so depressed about? Is it because I'm with Luke? Because ever since that first day, when I went riding with him...\" \"Meghan.\" Faye said, slightly louder. \"Stop.\" \"I have stopped. I've stopped doing things with you. I've stopped talking to your friends. I've stopped sitting at your table. And I've left you alone, because I know you've been through stuff. But enough is enough. You refuse to tell me what's going on, and I don't know what to do. It isn't fair, Faye.\" \"What's going on?\" Faye bellowed. \"What's going on?! I'll tell you what's going on!\" Faye threw off the covers, and got out of the bed. She stood up, facing Meghan and trembling. \"They're going to close down my father's restaurant!\" she sobbed. \"That's what's going on!!!\" With that, Faye ran off to the bathroom in tears, leaving a stunned Meghan standing alone in the room.[Chapter 45] The atmosphere that Meghan now lived in was dark enough to depress even the most enthusiastic person. And there was real proof of this, because that person had once been Faye. Faye, however, was not the only morose one. At least, now she wasn't. Apparently it was now the entire Winthrop family that was suffering this dark despair. It was different, though, because they had a clear, valid reason for it. Laurence's restaurant, The Crystal Spoon, had recieved its long-awaited inspection that very afternoon - Thursday, October XXX, 2003. This inspection, which had actually started out considerably well (the food had been branded as marvelous, the atmosphere stimulating), had quickly gone awry when the inspector had gotten the curious feeling of something crawling up his leg. This thing was found to be a rat. Chaos immediately ensued. The restaurant inspector leaped out of his chair, wildly shaking his leg and shouting all the while. One brave busboy - you can guess who - jumped on the man, who had by this time toppled onto the floor. Grabbing the affected leg, the busboy reached up through the ankle of the man's trousers, grabbing the rodent and throwing it by the tail. The rat landed halfway across the room, and then made a beeline for a rather large woman sitting a short distance away. Seeing this, the woman worked to force out a scream as she clutched a cup of hot tea in her trembling hand. As the scream escaped, the busboy moved from where he was to pounce on the rat. He was successful, and was able to throw it outside. But just as he was able to take a breath of relief, another scream was heard, this one bloodcurdling. Apparently, another rat had been found - exploring the large woman's equally large hairdo. The woman fainted, and the rest was history. Consequently, the inspector left the restaurant piping mad, after handing a flabbergasted Laurence a notice that stated that the establishment would be closed within a month. Almost nothing on earth could've brought a darker cloud over the Winthrop house. Laurence always had his head in his hands, rubbing it as if he had a constant migraine. Emma could barely speak without breaking into tears. Anthony, the eating machine, could now barely touch his food. And then, of course, there was Faye. Faye had, of course, already been depressed. She had already been wallowing in self-pity, agonizing over her suspension - and over a certain something she'd found out of Meghan's bag. But with this new misery, the burdens Faye had been carrying were almost completely forgotten. Almost. Now, she was far worse than she'd ever been before - and believe it or not, it was actually possible. Meghan was living in the middle of all of this, and it was very unpleasant. There was nothing she could do or say to make it better for any of them, and she herself felt horrible. She'd attacked Faye, but she'd been wrong. Now, Faye had every right to be depressed. And now, Meghan decided, the best place for her was away . Every day, Meghan would escape, with the man whom she fancied and facied her back. More and more, too, they were finding themselves visting their dear friends at Dashwood Manor. Jocelyn was always pleasant. She seemd to love nothing more than to sip tea with Meghan, discussing each day's happenings and giving her the occasional etiquette lesson. They grew more and more comfortable around each other, and Meghan grew to love tea cookies more each time. And of course, there was Henry, who seemed to be doing a lot of shirking on his responsibilities, especially whenever the two teenagers came around. There were more chess games, to be sure, but Meghan and Henry no longer had to be playing chess in order to talk comfortably to each other. Meghan came to adore being around Henry - but would always try to repress that adoration. It always brought guilt with it. Because no matter what she said, no matter what she did, no matter how great the oppurtunity was, and no matter how open or understanding Jocelyn or Henry seemed, Meghan just couldn't bring herself to tell the truth. About Daphne. She didn't know why she did this. It may have been fear of rejection. It may have been embarassment. Or she may have just been trying to spare them the shock...for just a little while longer... But there might have been another reason. A reason that Meghan didn't want to consider. The thing was, when she was around Henry...she felt something. Something she hadn't felt in a long, long time. And whenever she'd leave, she'd notice a pain within herself. It was familiar, but also somewhat new, because it had long been ignored. Luke helped a little. He worked as a mediator of some sort, an insider for both sides. He knew how to act around the Dashwoods and how they lived, because he'd always lived and acted the same way. He was always there to guide Meghan, to support her. And he knew Meghan's side. He'd always felt that urge to break the seal, to be something other than what he was told to be. This was what Meghan was. This was who she was, what she was about. And what was he about? Why, he was both things, mixed together. Luke hoped that by bringing Meghan here again and again, she'd become close enough to be able to surrender the burden of this secret she'd been carrying. It was strange for Luke to watch Henry, who was oblivious - but yet, seemed to sense something. As for Jocelyn, it was as if she knew and didn't know at the same time. She'd been the one that had invited Luke over for tea that one day, and had requested that he bring Meghan along with him. He'd simply gone along with it, playing his part and believing that if nothing else, Jocelyn sought to at least become friends with Meghan - and apparently, bring her son into the equation as well. But Luke guessed that it was more than that. He knew that Lady Dashwood was a smart woman. And whatever she wanted, Luke planned to go with it. As November neared, Jocelyn was seeming to become more and more focused on the upcoming Winter Ball, which would come close to November's end. That is, even though November was autumn. So really, it was more like an Anticipating Winter Ball. But no matter. She, of course, was on the planning commitee. Also, however, she'd be attending the ball herself, and planned to bring the enitire 'family' with her to chaperone as well. This made Meghan nervous, to know that not only Clarissa, but Alistair as well, would be breathing down her neck for the entire dance. But then again, Henry and Jocelyn would be there. However, one other person would be attending the ball with the Dashwood lot. Someone that Meghan wouldn't have the \"pleasure\" of meeting until her fourth visit to the mansion. That day, Meghan had ventured into another part of the building, after being told by Jocelyn to \"take a look around\". She'd found a rather large, extravagantly decorated bathroom, with a tub in the very middle of it, sporting a funny looking nozzle-spray-spicket-faucet contraption. Nearby was a shower, and Meghan noticed some shampoos nearby that looked to be imported from France. Daphne has to use Finding Nemo shampoo from Dollar Shrub. Meghan thought. She came out of the bathroom and wandered a little further down the hall, ever wary of Alistair, who could jump out hollering and waving numchucks any moment. Within a few steps, she spied a random ledge on the wall, which held upon it a try of chocolate truffles. All we've got is a bowl of old Halloween candy. From last year. And it's almost Halloween again. Meghan kept walking. Eventually, she rounded the corner - and found herself in another sitting room. With Glynnis. The brown-haired woman was at some kind of table/desk/thing, her nose in what looked to be a catalogue. Immediately, Meghan turned to walk out. \"You.\" the woman stated. \"Hold it.\" Meghan stopped. \"Turn around.\" Meghan turned. \"Who are you?\" \"Meghan Reynolds.\" Glynnis was silent, her head still bent as she studied her catalogue. Then she looked up, her face rather dull and glazed over. \"Come here.\" Hesitantly, Meghan approached the tabledesk. She stood in front of it, looking at Glynnis, whose eyes were on some type of flower arrangement picture on her open page. Meghan saw that what Glynnis was looking at was a wedding catalogue. The sight hurt. The woman was silent for a few more seconds. Then she spoke. \"Are you one of Clarissa's friends?\" Glynnis droned. \"No.\" Meghan answered. No puzzler there. \"What are you, then?\" Glynnis asked, begrudgingly dragging her eyes away from the flowers to face the girl in question. \"You've been here an awful lot lately.\" Many things confused Meghan about this. First, there was the fact that Glynnis seemed to have no idea who she was, despite Meghan's being pictured and talked of in many magazines and news programs as being the trophy girl of the future Lord Brenshire. Second, she'd been here only three times before - Meghan didn't call that a lot. And she hadn't seen Glynnis around at all, so how would she know anyway? Third, the previous things clearly indicated that Glynnis was an idiot. Why was Henry marrying an idiot? \"I'm...just...Meghan.\" she stammered, not knowing what else to say. It was a dumb answer. But then, Glynnis was a dumb woman. \"I suppose you are.\" Glynnis mumbled. her eyes went back to the picture. She grimaced at the sight, drew a huge X through it, and proceeded to turn the page. Meghan stood there, unsure of what to do. \"You're a very strange girl, Meghan.\" Glynnis commented. \"I know.\" She stood there some more. \"Well, go on then! I'm very busy.\" Relieved, Meghan quickly left the room. And, feeling as if her intelligence quota had gone down several points during that conversation, she continued her exploration of the house. She soon came upon a potted plant. Even it seemed smarter than Glynnis. And now, rhapsodyflower sneaks up behind Alistair, who is seen talking to a random diplomat. She takes out her special author remote and presses the special zappy-freeze button, freezing the both of them. Mrs.Scott323 now enters the room, and gives Alistair a hard punch in the head. rhapsodyflower then sees the pudding the diplomat is about to eat and steals it. Then, she unfreezes them as she walks away. \"So you see, Mr. Bigshotpoliticianguywhosamasquatz - oh...oh my, I seem to have suddenly come down with a most terrible headache...you'll have to excuse me.\" (starts walking away) \"Where's...where's my pudding?\" Alistair winces in pain as he shuffles out.\"Ice! I demand some ICE!\" Take that, fathead. -rf-[Chapter 46] Next chapters please... The Ditzy One: You rock. And I agree. Mari324: Ha! Awesome! I actually wasn't sure about that line - I almost erased it! But now I am proud of it. Thank you. Mrs.Scott323: Yes, you did very well. But I want my pudding back, lol. You are very right about both Alistair and Glynnis, get ready to hate them some more... Sometimes things seemed to go really, really slowly. Like at Faye's house, where everyone was swimming in devastation. Can't really blame them, I have to say. That restaurant was like, their world. It was also their main source of income. And it was also their reputation. Therefore, their only other source of income (that being Mrs. Winthrop's wedding planning) was being affected as well. People found it simply dreadful that this extraordinary wedding planner was both wife and business partner to the owner of a rat-infested restaurant. So, now, everyone seemingly hated the Winthrops. And the Winthrops hated themselves. Believe it or not, the most cheery one around that house now seemed to be good old Uncle Ianslastname, who had now taken to barking wonderfully encouraging remarks such as, \"You should have gone into accounting, like your father.\" and \"Wily entrepreneurs never make it in this world.\" Wily? Wow. No other word described Laurence worse, and no other word fit Uncle Wallace more perfectly. Still, there were far worse people in my world, to whom using \"wily\" as a description would be a HUGE understatement. Things weren't that great at school, either. I mean, considering my so-called \"friends\" had cut ties with me. I would get offers to sit at other tables from girly Luke-gushers, but I of course had no interest in conversing with them. And despite the fact that I seemed to be unwittingly leading a revolution against Clarissa that involved most of the school, she still had her conniving brood of leeches that suckled off of her and hated my guts. She and her group seemed to be attempting to be more domineering than they were before - so domineering that they were almost to the caliber of Clarissa's Lumberjack Barbie mother. And they were doing a pretty good job. But when I wasn't in the depressing cave that was the Winthrop residence or in the swirling pool of intimidation that was Jasperstone Academy, time seemed to speed up tremendously. Which is why I was shocked to find myself suddenly in the middle of November. I had been, for the weeks that led up to this, spending a great deal of my time with Luke, and with Daphne's father and grandmother. I have to say, it was incredible how close I'd become to the people I just mentioned. So close, in fact, that unless my mind happened to touch on the subject of my cousin for any particular reason, I was never the least bit uncomfortable around them. Which really wasn't good, because Daphne was the main reason I was there, but, that was that. Luke and I were getting closer to each other every day. We found ourselves missing each other constantly whenever we weren't together, and it was becoming easier and easier to lean in to each other's faces and bring contact to our...snogging mechanisms. The snogging, actually, was happening more and more frequently. (To snog , by the way, is defined in my British slang dictionary as to kiss passionately ) And in case you're wondering, yes, I did get around to telling Luke that I fancied him. Anyhow. It was the middle of November, and I was getting the mail, standing at the front edge of the cottage walk where there mailbox was located. And I was surprised to find an envelope addressed to me that wasn't postmarked in the US. I opened it, and this is what I found: The Morris Brenshire School for Boys and The Jasperstone Academy For Girls cordially invites Miss Meghan Beatrice Reynolds to their annual Winter Ball which shall be jointly held by both schools at Everston Mansion on the evening of November the twenty-fifth, two thousand and three at Eight o'clock Inserted with this lovely invitation was an equally lovely set of rules on conduct and dress code, which I promptly put back into the envelope. I saw that I was holding along with the rest of the mail a very similar-looking parcel for Faye. She would be included in the ball as well. Which is amazing, considering the horrible wretch she thought she was. If it had been up to Faye, she would have long since sent herself into exile. I immediately knew what must be done, after receiving an invitation to a ball and reading it and pondering it. That thing was to eat a sandwich. Because I was hungry. But right after that, I would call Luke. And he would take me to the woman who'd been eagerly anticipating the arrival of the invitation far more than I was. \"Lovely!\" Jocelyn chirped . \"This is wonderful. You've received the invitation to your first ball.\" \"You mean, there are more?\" Meghan squeaked. \"Why, of course! Have you forgotten Miss Brenshire's New Year's gathering?\" She had forgotten that. \"Oh.\" Meghan said, smiling. \"Right.\" Nerves. Nerves were clouding Meghan's thought. And the nervousness came from the excitement Jocelyn was getting out of this dance. The excitement swelled even higher as the woman stood up, breathing in sharply and clasping her hands together. A glowing smile graced her lips. \"Oh! Yes! Now! Now, I can show you!\" Jocelyn exclaimed. \"Come, Meghan, come with me.\" The girl did as she was told, following Lady Dashwood all the way into what looked to be her actual bedroom , which Meghan had still not been into as of yet, despite her many visits to the mansion. She was pointed toward the huge canopy bed that centered the room, which she promptly sat on. Did my etiquette book say something about it being rude to sit on a bed? Meghan wondered. Though she was pretty sure she wasn't supposed to lie down... \"I have something for you.\" Jocelyn said excitedly as she dove into her closet. What she came out with made Meghan's eyes bulge in surprise. A dress. Not just any dress, either. THE most beautiful dress Meghan had ever been less than ten feet away from. And Jocelyn was holding it up right in front of her face. \"That?\" Meghan sputtered. \"No way.\" \"Why not? Don't you like it, Meghan?\" Jocelyn laid the garment on the bed, right near where Meghan was sitting. \"No, I mean, of course I like it. It's beautiful.\" She stood up with Jocelyn to stare at what had just been laid out to her. \"But me? In...in that?\" \"Of course.\" It truly was a gorgeous dress. It was ivory, but not white, almost tea-stained actually. The bodice sported an intricate beaded design, and thick silk straps converged at the back of the neck. It flared out sufficiently and had a fair amount of organza, but was not at all poofy and looked easy to move around in. It was also not very long, and was built to hit at about the middle of the calf, exposing part of the leg. More silk made the sash, which tied in the back, and a few tiny sequins could be seen throughout the bottom of the dress. It was a gown for a princess, or maybe even a queen. But Meghan was sure it could not be for her. \"Uh...\" she stammered, forgetting her etiquette. \"I found it in a sweet little boutique not very long ago, and I knew instantly that I must grab it up for you. I'm quite sure that it will compliment your brown hair perfectly.\" Meghan could only stare. \"Try it on.\" She looked up. \"But...I...\" \"My dressing room's right over there.\" Jocelyn said, shoving the dress into Meghan's arms. \"Well, go on then!\" And of course, Meghan did so. Within minutes, she was stepping tentatively out of the little dressing enclosure and back into the woman's plain sight. \"Oh, my!\" Jocelyn breathed, now completely in swooning mode.\" You look positively divine!\" Meghan stepped over to the full-length mirror, with her companion stepping up behind her. And she could not believe her eyes. The dress fit perfectly, and fell in all the right places. Her wavy hair pooled around her face and just barely touched the top of the dress, Though it was a light color, Meghan was surprised to find that it really didn't seem to wash out her skin, Maybe she wasn't that pale, after all. But what surprised Meghan the most was being in the dress itself. She had never, ever, ever worn something so extravagant, so elegant, so...pretty. Not even at those weddings her aunt had sang for, not even at those few formal dances she and Daphne had been to, had she worn such a fancy dress. It felt foreign, and new. But it also felt amazing. Meghan was almost in a trance, having never felt so beautiful in her entire life. However, due to the things she'd been presented with recently that had put her in similar trance-like modes, she was able to quickly bring herself out of it. \"Lady Dashwood.\" she wavered. \"This is all very, very nice of you. But I'm really not sure -\" \"It's perfect.\" Jocelyn stated. \"You're just not used to this kind of thing, and I understand. But you like it. I can see it in your face. This dress was made for you. And now it is yours.\" Meghan ran her finger across the beads on her chest. Part of her did feel wonderful. Part of her did feel like she fit. Not only in this dress, but in everything. Where she was. Who she was with. The dresses, the courtyards, the fountains, the gardens, the sophistication...and the people. In some strange way, Meghan did feel like she belonged. But ever present was the part that was telling her that she was a greedy, lying snake, thinking that she had a right to any of these things that in truth should rightfully belong to her cousin. Meghan's head drooped down, if only a little. But Jocelyn noticed. She took Meghan's chin on the tips of her fingers and gently tilted her head up, looking directly into her eyes. \"Whatever it is you are thinking, Meghan,\" Jocelyn said, softly but firmly, \"I want you to disregard it. I am doing these things for a reason.\" Meghan kept looking, now on the verge of tears. \"I can't say I know for sure what it is that makes you want to pull back. I have a feeling, however, that you think my attention should go to someone else. If that is the case, than it is so. But I also made up my mind, a long time ago, to care about you. And I intend to do that, regardless of the circumstances I may be presented with. I know one thing for a fact, Meghan - you are no ordinary girl. If you were, you would not keep coming around.\" There was nothing Meghan could think of to say in response to that. \"Now hurry on back in there and change. Lucas is waiting for you. And in case I've not informed you yet, you are to call me Jocelyn.\" As Meghan, carrying her new dress, came out of the mansion with the other teenaged visitor, she realized she had to say something. \"Luke.\" she said in a resigned breath. \"I don't know how much longer I can do this.\" \"What?\" he asked, tilting his head to the side. \"This. Coming here. Being with them, when I know it's not right.\" \"Who said it wasn't right?\" Luke countered. \"Meaning, other than Sir Mr. Payne?\" \"No one said it. It's just true. Daphne is Jocelyn's grandchild. Daphne is Henry's daughter. But it's me who keeps coming and doesn't say a word. I know what I need to do. But I can't do it.\" \"Just because you haven't done it yet, \" Luke said as they strolled out of the gates, heading for Brenshire Manor, \"doesn't mean you can't do it at all. \" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"What I mean is that no one would expect you to just walk up to Lord Dashwood and say, 'Hello. My cousin is your daughter.'. Well, certainly not me anyway. I can only imagine the difficulty that something like that would present. You're holding off. Does that make you cruel? You think it is wrong that you're here, or even that you're in England? Bullocks. I think it's quite the contrary, actually. You were obviously meant to be here, and though you won't really admit it, I think you want to be here.\" \"Of course I want to be here!\" \"No. That's not what I mean. I think you truly want it, more than just a pleasant little experience you can carry around in the corner of your memory, more than just the chance to say, 'I've been to the United Kingdom.', more than just a bunch of snapshots you'll show your friends in the States and go, 'Well, let's see, what country shall I conquer next?'. You, Meghan, are not that kind. I've seen hundreds upon hundreds of tourists, many of whom from America, roaming the streets, with their giant visor hats and their comfy white sneakers and their cameras around their necks. They were only visiting. You, my dear, are thriving. \" Meghan had no idea where he'd gotten this nonsense. \"Thriving? Sure. If by thriving you mean being plastered on every magazine in the country, constantly being tortured by Clarissa, being in the headmaster's office at least once every week, causing scandal everywhere I turn, and just making a general fool of myself on a regular basis - then yeah, I guess I'm thriving.\" Luke only grinned and chuckled to himself. \"What's so funny?\" \"Nothing. Just how oblivious you are at times to the most obvious things.\" \"Well, whatever. That still doesn't help the fact that I'm here, and Daphne's in New York. And that I don't seem to want to do anything to change that.\" They still hadn't yet reached Luke's residence, but he stopped anyway, rocking on his heels, seemingly in thought. Then, he pulled Meghan aside, over near some big stone wall. \"Henry and Jocelyn both will be chaperoning the ball, am I right?\" Meghan looked at him, a little confused. \"Yes...\" Luke held up his finger as he looked away for a minute, verifying to himself what was forming in his mind. \"Then I say...we tell him. On that night. November the twenty-fifth, two thousand and three.\" Meghan kept her eyes on him. \"Really. You think the perfect time would be in the middle of some big party, surrounded by crowds of people.\" \"No, you silly thing. The mansion has private rooms! We take him aside. And the night of the ball will make it special. It will also give everyone time.\" \"Time?\" \"Yes. Time for you to ready yourself, time for Jocelyn to do all of her ball planning things, time for these already existing supposed 'scandals' to settle, and time for Clarissa to enjoy her last few days as the Dashwood daughter.\" As much as it scared her that she now had a set time at which she'd reveal the truth, Meghan did feel better. She'd be able to do what was right, and give Daphne what she'd always wanted. And Luke would be there, the entire time. She could count on him not to leave her, because he already knew the whole story, knew who Meghan was as opposed to who her cousin was - and was still by her side. \"And then, Daphne can come to England. She'll be here. With you.\" Meghan's heart soared at the thought of seeing Daphne again. It was sealed. \"Okay. We'll tell him at the ball.\" With that, the two naturally melted into a kiss. That signed it. It was signed and sealed - now, it only had to be delivered.[Chapter 47] The very next day was Saturday, the designated calling day. It would be the first normal Saturday in two weeks, being that the previous week included an important Saturday wedding for which all three of Meghan's family members were in attendance, and the Saturday before had been spent by Meghan at Faye's grandparents' house (the family had gone there for comfort as to the mounting loss of their restaurant), and they didn't have a phone. Actually, it was really more like the first normal Saturday in three weeks, because the phone call three weeks before this one had gone kind of strangely. For some reason, Meghan's mother, aunt, and cousin had all seemed very uptight. Not that Meghan wasn't uptight herself - after all, she was still trying to soak in her parents' past of English gallivanting. That, and trying to keep Faye - and the rest of her host family, for that matter - from killing themselves. But the ones in New York seemed to have a particular distress. The phone call had been short, only a quick hello-goodbye, basically, from all three of them. Remembering this, Meghan wondered how this call would be as she talked to the snotty operator. This time, it was Daphne who picked up. \"Hello, what is this, a call from the UK? Hmm, I wonder who that could be.\" Meghan smiled. This was good. Daphne was being her goofy self. \"Daphs! I haven't talked to you in forever!\" \"And I, you. What up, Meg?\" \"The ceiling. You?\" \"The roof. Listen. I'm in the middle of a scrumptious microwave burrito right now. But your mom would like very much to talk to you.\" \"Oh. Well...okay.\" Nothing wrong with that. She wanted to talk to her mom. And besides, Daphne would have that burrito down in no time. Catherine came on the phone. \"Meghan? That you?\" \"Yes, it is. Hello, Mom.\" \"Hello, Meghan. I cannot tell you how glad I am to talk to you, I've been missing you a lot lately.\" Meghan's throat tightened a little. Her mom sounded sad, as well as a bit exhausted at the same time. \"I've missed you too, Mom.\" \"Little old me. Here in New York missing you while you blossom and shine overseas, adapting perfectly to the ways of what happens to be your birthplace. I'm so proud of you, Meghan.\" That was kinda weird. \"Wait, what? You know that Aunt Libby told me?\" \"Yes, for a few weeks now, actually.\" Catherine said, sounding strangely serene. \"And I'm so glad it's my beautiful daughter calling me, instead of that vile creature Alistair Payne.\" This startled Meghan. Very much. \"Whoa, okay, hold on a minute here. Alistair Payne? How do you know -\" \"Oh, me and him had a little chat a few weeks ago. I have to say, he wasn't very nice.\" Meghan couldn't believe her ears. \"WHAT?! He called you?!\" \"Sure did. But I gave him what for. Which is pretty good, 'cuz your aunt says he's a criminal.\" Catherine was still speaking with her weirdly calm demeanor. \"Okay, Mom...you're kinda starting to freak me out.\" The woman chuckled. But it was a normal, slightly nervous chuckle. She was bringing herself back to Earth. \"Oh, Meghan, I'm sorry. I've just been in sort of a stupor lately. Dealing with all the crazy, incredible things that are happening.\" Alright. What, exactly, was she referring to?\" \"What do you mean?\" There was a pause. \"Meghan...your Aunt Libby. She told me a lot of things.\" As ideas started to form in Meghan's head as to what this meant, her mind started to go once again into a state of surprise. She processed this things to the best of her ability as she tentatively spoke to her mother. \"Things? Like...like what?\" Meghan heard her mother take in a deep breath. \"Like, about you. And her. And Daphne.\" Realization was striking. Realization that those aforementioned ideas were very likely correct. \"What did she tell you, Mom?\" Meghan softly breathed, as a tear mounted the edge of her eye, ready to fall. \"Everything.\" Libby sat at the kitchen table, sipping a cup of coffee. She watched as her sister-in-law stood a few feet away, telling her daughter of the complicated events that had gone on roughly three weeks ago. The things that had set in a little in the two weeks since she'd talked to Meghan - but not much. In a few minutes, she'd be on the phone herself. Talking to the girl who'd been entrusted with the story of her daughter's father, and who'd kept it to herself for so, so long, under the direction of Libby herself. Catherine didn't seem to blame Libby for anything, however, on account of the fact that she herself had hidden a secret from Meghan for years. Libby listened to the compassionate woman as she relayed to Meghan everything that had now been revealed, thinking back to the day it all had happened. \"Libby, what's going on?\" The blonde's face had gone completely white, and Catherine wanted to know why. \"Nothing's going on.\" Libby quickly dropped the cord and moved into the other room. She knew that from Catherine's perspective, she had probably seemed easy to crack. Catherine was later to find out that Libby had long been contemplating a voluntary confession. \"Obviously, something IS going on, otherwise - why in the world did you do what you just did?\" \"What's the big deal?!\" Libby had retorted, a little too defensively. \"It was just some creep. I just saved you a lot of breath that would've been wasted!\" Catherine had just stood there, arms crossed, warily staring at the woman. \"You know, it's kind of strange.\" Catherine had placidly stated. \"Because even though you never use it, your legal name IS Elizabeth.\" Libby never had been one to argue with people. She'd always been more submissive - except, maybe, to her daughter. And after a few minutes, she'd submitted to Catherine. She'd been demanded to tell the truth. She'd been forced to tell her who this 'Alistair Payne' actually was. \"He works for someone I used to know, alright? He's a snake. I just want to forget him.\" But this time, Catherine had pressed on. It hadn't been the first time Libby had acted strangely, like this. But Catherine wanted this to be the last. She'd cornered Libby, knowing for a fact that she was hiding something that needed to be brought out - for the benefit of everyone, including Libby herself. Catherine wasn't Libby's blood, but she knew her well enough to have grown up with her. The two had bonded so well over the last five or so years that Catherine was able to almost read Libby's emotions like a book, and she'd always known when something wasn't right. But she'd let things go. For too long. And now, with her daughter gone, with the lingering grief of losing the man she loved, with the stress of that wretched phone call that seemed to throw it all over the edge - all Catherine wanted was the truth. She'd gotten her wish. She'd gotten it all. Because all of a sudden, Libby had just broken down, let go, and fell into tears - divulging everything. \"Henry Dashwood.\" Catherine had run for a tissue box, but had stopped in her tracks... \"Daphne...it was 1986...\" Catherine had been stunned. \"Alistair...destroyed...everything...\" The brunette had taken to sitting next to Libby on the couch, eyes wide. Tissues quickly gathered up, taking over the living room. And Libby kept going. \"I was there...Aaron knew...I never told you...I left England for good...Daphne came with me...I still...still...love him...\" And from that point, it had all been history. And astonishingly, Catherine had seemed more surprised by these statements then by anything else: \"Meghan knows - I told her, about five years ago. And I...I told her where you and Aaron used to live.\" And now, everyone knew. Just as Meghan wanted - there were no more secrets in this household. But Libby was wondering when some other things would be revealed. Despite her burrito-eating, goofy demeanor, Daphne was anxious, and Libby could see it. Not anxious as in impatient - but anxious as in scared. None of them could tell exactly what was going on in England, or who knew what. However, it was Meghan they were dealing with. And what Libby had always known was now being proven more than ever before: Meghan was someone that she could trust. And she would continue to do so. At the very same time... \"What do you mean you can't revoke her student visa?!\" \"Sir, according to what you've told me, and what it says in this girl's record, there is in fact no real evidence demonstrating that it would be necessary to -\" \"I want the girl deported!!!\" Alistair shouted into the phone. But this got him nowhere, and within minutes, he'd slammed down the phone in disgust. This was absurd. How was an ordinary, diminutive, know-nothing teenage American girl resisting every single one of his efforts?! There had to be some way he could trip her up before the ugly truth came out... Alistair pondered and pondered. And pondered some more. It was then that Glynnis waltzed in. \"Daddy, dear, I've been having a most dreadful day. It seems that there is absolute no florist in existence that is willing to cover every inch of the reception walls, as well as the chariot, with baby's breath. \"Well, of course not, Glynnis! That would be tacky!\" Alistair fumed. Glynnis stared at him blankly. \"You must be distressed, too.\" she mused. 'How observant of you. As a matter of fact, I am very distressed. I -\" He'd been about to tell her what was going on. Before he realized that it was not possible. But wait! Here was an idea! If he could somehow find proof, some kind of solid proof that Miss Meghan was connected to a certain Miss Elizabeth Reynolds, he himself would have the collateral. The material that would enable him to give the girl an ultimatum: leave, or have this deep, dark secret exposed to the entire world. On inter national television. Leave, or be made to look like a fool, a girl weaving some twisted lie for her gold-digging mother. Yes. He would make her a liar. He would make it look as if that woman had set up a HUGE ploy, a ruse - and make Henry believe that Libby was trying to make him think he had a daughter when, in fact, he did NOT. Once he had that precious proof, he would threaten the little schoolgirl, telling her that if she did not leave the country at once, she would bring disgrace to both the Reynolds and the Dashwoods. And the Paynes would reap all of the glory. Fin for now, but be ready next Saturday. The chapters will be here...will you? -rf-[Chapter 48] Here are the chapters as promised! Don't have much time so I'll get right to it. Thank so much for the reviews, I'll answer them next post. :) Monday, Monday, Monday. It was horrible Monday again. The 17th of November - eight days 'til the ball. One thing that hadn't changed coming to this country was Mondays. They are, in both England and America, drudgery. The worst day of the week, in my opinion. And little did I know, this Monday was going to be one of the worst Mondays I'd ever experienced. At this point in the story, you know that ever since I'd stepped off that plane, I'd lived a shock-a-minute lifestyle. But I guess it simply wasn't quite crazy enough that: - I'd been selected out of thousands to go to the UK because of some stinking essay - I attended the same school as Daphne's evil stepsister and, at one point, her grandmother - A viscount was in love with me, and I loved him back - A hideous rodent man knew that the man he worked for had a child with an 'old flame', and was therefore out to get me - I was suspected of being that child by everyone in the Dashwood household, with the exception of Glynnis and Clarissa, who are totally clueless but still hate me profusely - My mother and father met here , of all places, and raised me here for four years - I, not Daphne, could choose to be an English citizen at the drop of a hat (talk about irony) - Mom now knew the whole story, and then some. Which actually was more of a relief than a shock, to be honest. Nope. Not crazy enough. And soon, you'll find out why. But let me tell you how my Monday actually began. Luke had decided to take me to school that day, rather than Emma, and we'd stood outside of Jasperstone for a while, talking. We ignored a few cameras flashing - thankfully, they were getting fewer all the time - as we talked. And Luke suddenly said: \"Meghan, what's going to happen?\" I looked at him strangely. Mainly because it was usually me that was worried about what was going to happen. And I was usually asking him. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, what's going to happen to us, when...when you have to go back to the States?\" I'm not going to sit here and tell you that the thought had never crossed my mind, about how we would be able to keep a relationship with such a long distance for so long. Especially when there was really no telling when I would ever return to England...if I returned at all. \"I'm...not really sure, Luke.\" \"I'm sorry to be asking you this - after all, you've still got a couple of months. And I hope this isn't scaring you, but...do you actually have intentions of keeping up this...relationship, if you will, after you leave?\" I looked up at him. \"I couldn't imagine anything else, Luke. I'm in love with you.\" \"I feel the same, Meghan. But this issue has to be addressed at some point. Because...I'm afraid I'll lose you. There are plenty of men to choose from, in the US.\" He didn't want them to, he'd said so himself. But his words were scaring me. I just wanted to throw my arms around him. So I did. \"I don't want anyone but you.\" I said into his shoulder. Meghan was eating her gourmet meal at lunch hour on Monday when she was startled to hear a loud THUMP! . She looked up to see the face of none other than Ayaka, the exchange student from Hong Kong, smiling sweetly across from her at her lonely fountainside lunch table. \"Uh...hi.\" Meghan stammered, a little confused. Ayaka only nodded, still smiling, and commenced to eating her food. Meghan glanced over at the table from which she had been banished, only to catch three girls staring at her and Ayaka's direction, before they quickly turned away. A fourth girl sat at the table, quietly eating her food and paying no attention to the fact that the group had lost another member. Seeing this, Meghan turned away herself, and went back to eating. At least now she had some company. Every day, when she sat at that table, she mulled over things - one of those things being whether or not she should feel guilty or at fault for causing any trouble in Faye's clique. But that thought didn't receive much of her time, however, because she had far more and far bigger things to worry about. Every few days or so, Clarissa liked to waltz over to one of the tables and pick on whoever was sitting there. It was sort of a hobby of hers. Sometimes she went over to Faye's table, and shot a few lame jokes that only she thought were funny. But more often than not, Clarissa's table of choice was Meghan's. Being that she was alone, Meghan was much more vulnerable - at least in Clarissa's mind. She'd saunter up to her along with her brood of mad, cackling chickens, and jab her in any way possible. Once, she'd approached the table with this dilemma: \"Oh, thank goodness you're here, Reynolds. I've been having the most dreadful time trying to figure something out, but since you're American, I'm quite confident you'll know. Tell me - what's the most disgusting food on Earth?\" Meghan had stared at her for a few seconds, amused at the sheer ridiculousness of Clarissa's newest material. \"Well, I'd say it would probably be a toss-up between Twinkies and pork rinds, but I don't know for sure. I mean, fruit cake is right up there, too.\" Clarissa, who was much too dense to think of a decent response to that, muttered simply, \"You would know.\" before turning to stalk off. There were many instances like this, and in reality, they actually tended to put some spice in Meghan's day, which she enjoyed. Shooting down Clarissa's remarks was nothing short of empowering, and that benefited no one more than Meghan herself. Though it benefited Daphne a little as well. She just didn't know it. In any case, today, the blonde witch came out of the kitchen with her tray and her loyal followers, and looked to be headed straight for Faye. It was the perfect time for Meghan to use the restroom. \"Will you watch my tray for me?\" Meghan politely asked Ayaka. The girl looked up from her tray. \"My tray?\" Meghan asked again, trying to be as clear as possible. \"And my bag?\" At this, Ayaka immediately grinned and nodded vigorously. Good enough. Just as Meghan entered the restrooms, Clarissa began her warm-up. \"Nice day we're having, isn't it, Windbag?\" Faye, of course, went right on eating. But someone else decided to speak up. \"Shove off, Clarissa.\" Emily barked. \"Ah, the replacement drama queen makes a comeback. This deserves applause. Everyone?\" Clarissa's brood lightly tapped their hands together in unison. \"Stop.\" Emily said, raising her voice a bit more. \"Just go away.\" \"Leave, Clarissa.\" Samantha chimed in. \"Hmm, perhaps I should. Fraysie's already been through quite a lot, what with the rat incident and all.\" Clarissa mused. \"And you'd think that after accomplishing that, I'd be satisfied. But as it turns out, I'm not.\" Faye put down her fork, and slowly raised her head, still looking away from Clarissa. Her eyes, dull and bloodshot, had attained a sort of blank stare - but Emily, Samantha, and Bridget could easily see the mania that was quickly developing behind that stare, due to the words that her adversary had just uttered. The depressed blonde had been awakened from her dreary existence, if only for awhile, to very gradually turn to face Clarissa. Even the witch herself was momentarily taken aback by the mangled, thrashed, miserably empty look on Faye's face. \"You...\" Faye squeaked, in a barely audible tone. \"You did this?\" \"Did what?\" Clarissa asked, teasingly innocent. \"My father's restaurant. The...the rats. It was you?\" The grin that already sat on Clarissa's face morphed into that of a more twisted, evil grin than ever before. \"Oh, that. Why, yes...yes, I believe it was. Don't worry, you can thank me later. That is, for shutting down that dump of an eating establishment and clearing away yet another disgrace to English cuisine.\" Faye was quiet. For what seemed like forever, she stared at Clarissa with that same pained, barren look in her eyes. Then, she bent her head, and for a few seconds, she stared at the ground. Her head stayed bent as she slowly began to rise from her seat. Everyone watched as Faye's trembling hands slowly balled into shaky fists. No one said a word. She stepped forward. Clarissa seemed amused. \"My, this is quite interesting.\" she said. Still, Faye was silent. Her book bag fell to the ground behind her with a thud - she didn't give it an ounce of notice. No other sound could be heard, because the entire courtyard's attention was focused on Faye and Clarissa. \"I can't...\" Faye murmured. \"I can't...I can't TAKE IT ANYMORE!!!\" Her head snapped up, eyes fixed directly onto Clarissa and boiling over with fury. With rigid, determined steps, Faye quickly came forward until she was directly in front of her. \"You kick and you kick and you KICK, and you never get enough. You continue to suck the life out of everyone around you until they bow down and beg for mercy. You will do anything in your power to have attention, to get what you want. And you have the AUDACITY to come here and act like what you did to me was insignificant! But I've had enough.\" Clarissa still stood where she was as Faye approached, but her grin had vanished and her eyes were narrowed, slightly curious but on the verge of indifference. \"You've destroyed my life. You've destroyed my family's lives. And now...\" Faye snarled into Clarissa's face, \"I'm going to destroy YOUR life.\" In the course of a second, Faye had latched her eyes on Meghan's book bag, sitting on the table where Ayaka was sitting a short distance away. Within five more seconds, the bag was in her hands. And within ten more, she'd turned back toward Clarissa, dropping the bag on the ground behind her and holding something else above her head. \"Do you see this?\" she asked Clarissa. \"Do you see it?! This, THIS is your downfall!\" At that, Clarissa's grin returned. She gave a small chuckle with the rest of the group. \"And what might that be?\" Clarissa mused once more. \"Your eviction notice?\" \"No.\" Faye answered, with a manic look on her face. \"Yours.\"[Chapter 49] Henry Dashwood and Alistair Payne were both at the Jasperstone Academy for Girls, there in person to obtain permission from the headmaster that the school's auditorium be used for an upcoming campaign rally. \"I still don't see why you couldn't have just called the man.\" the bald one muttered as they walked. Such was Alistair's character, to be so impersonal. Henry said nothing as they entered the school and inquired as to Mr. Raspron's whereabouts. They were told that he was in the courtyard, having tea with some staff members. \"I wish I were blessed with such good fortune.\" Henry commented to Alistair, knowing full well he wasn't paying attention. \"To be able to sit down and have a nice cup of tea in the afternoon, rather than having my nose buried in paperwork.\" The two kept walking toward the doors that exited into the courtyard. Henry caught a faint smell wafting through the air of what was probably the day's main course. He pitied the ones who would have to eat it. They traipsed through the kitchen, where a few stragglers were filling their trays, and approached the magical doors that led to the outside. And from inside, they heard a frantic, familiar voice. Five minutes before this, Meghan had finally realized that she could no longer stall the inevitable facing of Clarissa, holed up in the bog. How funny that she was exiting the bog only to face a quivering swampland monster. But when she actually came out, what she did see was the last thing she'd expected. Her white envelope, held high in the air by Faye Winthrop. \"I'm about to knock you off your throne, Queen Clarissa!\" came the shout. And panic immediately gripped Meghan and twisted her from the outside in. \"FAYE?!\" Meghan screamed. \"What are you DOING?!\" Faye only slightly tilted her head mechanically toward Meghan. \"What I should've done a long time ago.\" she stated, immediately turning back to Clarissa, who for the record was still nothing short of amused. \"Ah, Miss Reynolds.\" she sneered, Blithe-style. \"How nice of you to join us.\" Had it been in most any other situation, any other day, Meghan would've pondered the downright creepiness of Faye's frenzied behavior. But in this case, she didn't have the time. \"Faye.\" Meghan stammered. \"Put that down.\" \"I will.\" Faye replied, still locked on Clarissa and moving closer to her by the minute. \"As soon as I show you all what's in it.\" Meghan couldn't believe what she was seeing, what she was hearing. That Faye not only knew her secret, but was about to betray her with it. \"Faye.\" Meghan said again, louder than before as started to come forward. \"Put. That. Down.\" But Faye never faltered from her walk toward oblivious Clarissa, who now was finding this even more entertaining. \"Ooh, Meghan doesn't like what you're doing. Now I'm intrigued.\" Neither Meghan nor Faye heard what Clarissa had just said. They were both focused on one thing, and one thing only. \"I'm going to tell you ONE MORE TIME.\" Meghan said dangerously, anger coating her words. \"Put that envelope away.\" Faye lowered her arm, with the envelope in it. But instead of turning to put in back in Meghan's bag, she opened the flap - and began to reach inside. Meghan lunged forward and was on Faye in a flash. She grabbed the envelope before Faye could move it, and pulled as hard as she could. \"Give it back, Faye!\" Meghan furiously demanded as she desperately tried to wrestle the envelope out of Faye's hands. \"No. I refuse.\" Faye retorted. Suddenly, all movement stopped. Faye and Meghan found themselves staring at each other, frozen, and linked by the precious object that to Meghan meant life or death. For a few seconds, they just stayed that way, eye to eye, face to face. Then, Meghan released what hold she had, and stood back, still looking at Faye. \"If you don't give me what's mine, right now.\" Meghan told her severely. \"If you show it off to the rest of the world, then I promise you, Faye - I will be on the first plane back to New York.\" It was an earnest promise. And Faye knew it. For a few seconds, the silence returned. Everyone in the vicinity had stopped eating. The headmaster, who should've been on them for disturbing the peace, was simply enjoying the show. Faye's friends were huddled together as they watched, horrified. And then there was Faye herself. All of a sudden, a new demeanor seemed to drape itself over her being. The fury and mania melted away from her face, leaving only its original pained expression. Her senses seemed to return as she fully realized the enormity of what she'd just done. She stepped forward, and dropped the envelope at Meghan's feet. And then she walked away. Meghan had picked up what had been layed out for her, and was trying to process all that had just happened as she started to move back toward the ladies' room, intending to cry her eyes out. \"Hold on, Reynolds. You know you can't leave us all hanging like this.\" It was Clarissa, taunting her yet again. \"Not today.\" Meghan told her in a resigned breath. She began to move again. \"Oh, don't be silly. Now's the perfect time.\" Clarissa said. \"I'm interested in that letter of yours.\" Meghan, exhausted, turned to look at Clarissa. \"I'll make you a deal, Reynolds. Show me what you've got there, and I'll leave you alone. I was obviously meant to see it, as your friend has just shown.\" \"Clarissa.\" Meghan breathed. \"Please, just leave me alone.\" Once again, she began to move away. \"Well then.\" Clarissa declared. \"I guess I'll have to make you.\" Meghan stopped. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Clarissa reach into her pocket. \"Show me your letter, or this becomes mine, forever.\" Clarissa said, as she pulled out a shiny silver object on a shiny silver chain. Meghan's locket. At this, Meghan whirled around. \"That,\" she said coldly, \"does not belong to you.\" \"Maybe not now.\" Clarissa replied. \"But it will.\" Meghan quickly approached Clarissa and grabbed at the locket, instead grabbing only air as Clarissa pulled it away. \"Trade me?\" Clarissa suggested, still eyeing the envelope. \"My father gave me that locket.\" Meghan pleaded. \"Give it back.\" \"Oh, is that so?\" Clarissa sneered, slipping the jewelry back into her jacket. \"Well, don't worry then. I'm sure he can get you a new one.\" \"Give that back!\" Meghan repeated. \"Now!\" Unbeknownst to the two arguing girls, Alistair and Henry had both just stepped into the courtyard, looking for Mr. Raspron - who was nowhere to be seen, having just run to the kitchen for another helping of beef stroganoff. \"Just call up your father!\" they heard Clarissa say. \"Where is that man, anyway? In bed with your mother, in the trailer park?\" These words made Meghan's blood boil more than anything Clarissa had ever said before. She glared daggers straight at Clarissa's face. \"My father is in Kosovo. Right now. In some terrorist prison. And you know what?!\" she spat in Clarissa's face as she burst into tears. \"He's probably dead!\" With Daphne's information still clutched firmly in her hand, Meghan ran away from Clarissa - and almost ran right into Henry and Alistair. She gave them a quick glance before moving around them and throwing herself into the building as fast as she could. The two men looked at Clarissa, who only shrugged as she realized they were standing there, before sitting down with her friends to a scrumptious meal. Well, there you go. A twist and then some...ended on a pretty sour note, but next two should be better. Back soon -rf-[Chapter 50] Yes, I'm an idiot. We all know this. However, this idiot has two chapters up and ready to read, and the next two will be up this Wednesday. That's right, Wednesday. Read on and rock on, friends. The Ditsy One: Actually, Alistair probably would've helped Clarissa, had he known what she was doing. Your wait is over! :) Mrs.Scott323: I didn't know either, lol. Clarissa will get her come-uppings eventually, no worries. And i've always wondered about her father too! Hmmm, maybe I should think about that... ;) Mari324: :) Thanks, glad I gave you a surprise. Call Me Mimzy: Ooh, good idea with the double-team thing lol. You're going to like the next few chapters. iccy: YAY NEW REVIEWER! Thank you so much, I'm so glad you like it! :) Lots of happy faces... One sentence - no, one question, echoed throughout my mind. It replayed itself, over and over, for an incredibly long time. I couldn't shut it off, I couldn't stop it. One question. How could she? Surprisingly and tragically, the \"she\" I'm referring to is not Clarissa Payne, whose blood contains the evils of a thousand wolverines and a rabid cat for good measure, as it speeds through her veins and powers her conniving mind. Not Clarissa, who'd just accused my parents of being trailer trash. And let me assure you, she'd certainly pushed a red button on Meghan Reynolds by doing so. But someone else had pushed it, and today, that person had pushed harder. How can you push harder? By doing it out of the blue. Because you're supposed to be a good person. And I used to think that Faye Alexandria Winthrop was a good person. How could she. It's a very strange feeling. Like, almost as if you have more resentment for someone who used to be your friend than you do for the people who were always against you. Faye was never my best friend. Daphne is my best friend. But I still thought we had something, me and Faye. A little bond, maybe. For a while, I'd felt a camaraderie between us, being that were both outcasts, and both rebels against the general rich/noble majority at Jasperstone Academy. Like me, she was taunted and pushed around. And like me, she still kept going. But she'd never stood up for herself. It was ME who stood up for her. And when I'd decided, on my own accord, to lower the cannons I'd raised toward Clarissa, she'd been unhappy. They'd all been unhappy. Why? Why did they have such a problem with me? Why do such ridiculous standards exist, at that school and everywhere else? I know. That's life, right? But how could she. I couldn't for the life of me believe that she had known the whole time. That my cousin was the daughter of one of the most prominent politicians in Faye's country. Was that the reason why she'd been all weird? When had she found out? How did she find out? I didn't know. Faye had no reason to be weird. To feel weird. I mean, I know it must have been surprising to find out. But she could've just talked to me. Even if I was a little ticked at first, I would've understood eventually. I would have. But she kept it all to herself. Just like she keeps everything all to herself! All bottled up inside, constantly, all day and night! No wonder she ended up so depressed. After I came along, that is. But I am SICK and TIRED of blaming myself for Faye's misery. I didn't cause her to find out about Daphne. I didn't cause the near expulsion that she never even found out about. I didn't cause the rats. And I didn't cause Faye to be tortured by Clarissa. Hey! You know what? For the first time, I've finally realized - it's not my fault! None of this is my fault! Has my coming to England caused a stir? Yes. Chaos? Uh, yeah. But it's necessary chaos, because I had to come here. Meghan Reynolds had to come to England, so that Henry Dashwood would know he had a daughter. And with any luck, he now knows that this daughter isn't, um, oh yeah: ME. But that depends on how much the man heard. A lot of bad things are happening due to my presence. I wish these things weren't happening. But there is no other way. Faye was right about one thing. She really should've stood up for herself a long time ago. But not by waving my cousin's birth certificate in the air. I'm sorry, Faye. I really am. But I'm not in the wrong here. You are. He didn't know what to think. He didn't know what he thought he'd been thinking before. He didn't know if what he was thinking now was or should be any different from what he'd thought before. Henry was confused. It was a gray-area sort of feeling. A...theory of his, shall we say, had basically just been proved false. Or had it? He may not have thought it in the first place. And really, it was not something he should be having any problem with. But...did he have a problem with it? Was this blank, dull, boring feeling a problem? It shouldn't have been. He'd dealt with it for close to eighteen years. No. Stay away from there! Mustn't think in that direction. Ah, there we go. Think of something else. This paper. Now what does it say? \"The deficit for the previous year has been shown to have expanded this present year by 37.9 percent...\" Oh, who cared. Henry leaned into his hands, rubbing his forehead. Why was it so bloody hard to concentrate?! He took a sip of coffee, and thought perhaps that it tasted bitter, but wasn't quite sure. Such boredom this was. My, this desk was messy. It looked nothing like Alistair's. Alistair's desk was always neat. Wait, what? What did he care how Alistair's desk looked?! Alistair worked for him! Ha, right. Alistair worked for himself. His own bald self. Was there a fly in here? A number. If only he'd had her number. Then there wouldn't be this mess... Thinking again! Must not think! Must read, drink coffee... \"Henry?\" Mother. \"Yes?\" \"Are you feeling alright?\" He looked up to see Jocelyn, standing in his doorway. \"Yes, Mother, I'm fine. Just busy, is all.\" \"Why don't you take a break, dear? Have some tea?\" \"I would love to, Mum, I really would, but I simply must get back to work. I've been a little too heavy on the chess and the tea sandwiches lately.\" Jocelyn looked on for a few seconds, disappointed, before turning to continue down the hall. Well, that was that. Maybe there was something on the telly. Alistair was confused as well. But maybe, perhaps, not in quite the same way. He'd only just hours ago seen that abomination of an exchange student in what must've been her natural, primal state - yelling like a banshee. Most of what she'd yelled, as far as words went, had escaped his comprehension. But he'd heard enough of a last little bit to cause him to do some mulling over. It was simply pathetic, he thought, that the girl had such control over his ideas and actions. But he knew he was smarter than she was. The screaming had been directed at his granddaughter, who Alistair knew had provoked the beast in some way. He'd specifically warned her against doing that, and her disregard of such warning made Alistair somewhat annoyed and, admittedly, a bit uneasy. At the same time, however, could he really blame Clarissa? Never mind all the trouble that Miss Reynolds had caused - just the fact that she was such an obnoxious wretch all around was reason enough to want to taunt and pick at her. The girl was asking for it. But never mind his darling daughter's daughter. The fact of the matter was, what he'd caught in the screams had gone completely against what he'd had Meghan Reynolds pinned as being. She'd screamed that her father was a lost soul in Kosovo. The thing was, as far as Alistair knew, Henry Dashwood was at this moment rotting away in his office. Which was nowhere near Kosovo. Hence the conflict of thought. Say the girl was telling the truth. One thing she did have going for her was that at the time she'd uttered those words, she'd been oblivious to the fact that he and Henry were even there. Therefore, she'd have had no reason to really go into any detail as to who her father was. To have said, \"He's with my mother, at home, incessantly inhaling cheeseburgers.\" would've been sufficient enough as a lie. So, due to the detail she had in fact put into her testimony, she may have actually been telling the truth. If so, should he feel relieved, indifferent, or perhaps even a bit ridiculous? But then again! Wouldn't that be exactly what she'd want him to think? Maybe she'd come up with this \"Kosovo\" story long beforehand, just to prepare for the scenario in which she was questioned of her paternity before she was ready to answer truthfully, to drop her exploding grenade? One thing was for sure, she certainly wouldn't have just come out and told Clarissa such a truth. Hold on. Would she, on second thought? Because in certain perspectives, the \"truth\" could be looked at as revenge toward Clarissa, whom he knew Miss Reynolds must hate with a passion. Clarissa would be devastated, as well as enraged, were she to discover that her soon-to-be stepfather had a biological child. Which he did. The question was, was this child the brown-haired cretin that was at this very time not only in London, but living and attending school here and making Alistair's life a living nightmare all the while - or was it someone else? It was impossible to know. Should he, regardless of the circumstances, still try to find collateral that could \"expose\" Meghan Reynolds...or would he just be wasting his time? Alistair only wished that things could be as before, in which he spent his days, when not working, lazily daydreaming. Daydreaming of his pending rise to even higher status, and wallowing in the pleasure of his sickishly vile fantasies of stretch marks, adoption agencies, or most enjoyably...quicker solutions. How he missed those golden years.[Chapter 51] Things were icy between Meghan and Faye, to say the least. When the bell had rung in the midst of Meghan's sobbing, she'd quickly forced herself to bite the bullet, as she had many times before. She'd shoved painful thoughts to the back of her head once again, still having not had a real chance to release them. And she'd gone to class. Thankfully, there were no more classes with Clarissa the rest of the day. There were stares from others, but Meghan had long since accepted that as the norm. However, trying to concentrate on school was completely impossible, for Meghan was too wracked with the disbelief of Faye knowing the truth about Daphne. The car ride home that day had been almost unbearable. Only around Alistair had Meghan felt more tense than she now did sitting right next to Faye. The girl had lied to her, and she had betrayed her. Meghan wouldn't talk to Faye, and didn't know what could be said if she did. Thus, the car was silent the entire way home. This was sad because Emma had lately been trying to adopt a new, more peaceful outlook. Laurence had been trying to follow suit, and together with his wife had at the dinner table been proposing such things as, \"Let's talk about the good things that happened today.\" and \"Remember to look for the silver lining! It's always there!\" As a side note, angsty teenager Anthony hadn't been much help to things either, having now taken to almost constantly residing in his bedroom and making depressing demo tapes. Not even Faye's diary, in fact, could excite him now. Optimism, in truth, had actually been one of Meghan's strong points. And for the most part, it still was. But not today. Today, Meghan had joined the Winthrops in somber sadness. She'd no sooner stepped in the door to the cottage than was in the sitting room, trying to study her brains out. It was all she could do to keep from letting herself fall back and go to sleep. She vaguely latched on the hope that maybe, just maybe, Luke would call. But, being the busy thing that he was, he did not. As for Faye, she'd shut herself in her room, as one might've guessed. Meghan didn't know what the girl was doing in there, and really didn't care, either. For the next three days, things went the very same way. Meghan and Faye never spoke, never a word, and stayed out of close proximity with each other as much as possible. Meghan would escape with her love whenever she could, but eventually would always have to go back to the Winthrops' and to Faye - and sleep in the same room with her every night. Luke always made her feel a million times better, and he'd also promised that she'd get her precious locket back as soon as Lord Dashwood knew the truth. Even so, Meghan gradually felt a little brighter, what with her constant showering of affection from that boy as well as trips to the Dashwoods', to prepare for the ball. Luke had been giving Meghan some dancing lessons with Jocelyn as their supervisor and critic - and a nice, helpful critic at that. Why can't Simon be more like her? Meghan thought. By 8 o'clock Thursday night, Meghan was well on her way to mastering the waltz. And she actually dismounted Luke's scooter with a smile on her face after their ride back to the Winthrops'. \"Bye, love.\" he'd stated. \"Tomorrow, then.\" \"Yes. Tomorrow, then.\" she'd repeated. It was a ritual they'd recently adopted, as they now found it hard to leave each other's company without the concrete prospect of meeting the very next day. Meghan had then gone inside, as she'd done multiple times before, and had gone up the stairs to the bathroom to brush her windblown hair. On her way out and back down the hallway, she noticed something peculiar - the door to Faye's bedroom was open. And no one was there. \"Mrs. Winthrop.\" Meghan said, once back downstairs. \"Is Faye gone somewhere?\" Emma looked up from the cleaning she was toiling over, then looked back and sighed. \"Don't ask me where she is, dearie.\" she said in a resigned breath. \"Just took off somewhere. Out for a walk, she said. She'll be comin' back soon, I'm certain.\" In spite of herself, Meghan was worried at this. But she was not allowed much time to worry, before the phone rang. Thursday had not been a good day for Daphne. And it wasn't nearly over yet. She was sitting on her bed, legs crossed, with open books and papers spread out in front of her. Her nose caught the smell of rubber and graphite as she poked the eraser of her pencil against her lip. It was what she always did when she was stuck, or lost in thought. Daphne found herself looking to her left about every five minutes, at the other bed in the room, which had been vacant now for almost two months. On the bed was an old Pocahontas comforter, complete with pillow in a Blue's Clues pillowcase. Above the bed hung a large poster of Audrey Hepburn, surrounded by butterfly wall decals. In between the two beds was a nightstand, and on it sat framed pictures of the two closest friends on Earth. And above this nightstand was...what else? A Beatles poster. Right in the middle - that'd been the best place for it. Daphne was missing Meghan. Terribly. When she wasn't looking at the bed, Daphne was looking at the far left wall. Against that wall was a tall bookcase, filled with Meghan's treasures. There were the normal things, like a jewelry box, stuffed animals and well, books. But then there were other things, like Pirates of the Caribbean action figures, a framed picture of Princess Diana, and an old chess piece Meghan had received from that guy Merv - the top had broken off. Daphne grimaced. She'd just gotten some eraser shavings in her mouth. Bending over her small trash can, she spit them out and fell back onto her pillow. She turned to her right, and saw her bookcase. It was, in many ways, quite different. Daphne's bookcase was one to include such things as a coin collection, two of her mother's old tambourines, and a jar filled to the brim with guitar picks. There was an old rock she'd found in New Jersey that was shaped like John Wayne's head, and an Andy Warhol banana print resting behind it. Daphne's gaze came to a rest on a stack of old A-Track tapes, right before she decided to close her eyes. There were two people, Daphne thought, that she would give anything to embrace at that moment. The first was obviously Meghan. Daphne was becoming increasingly unsure of whether she'd be able to go another two or so months without that face, that laugh. The phone was just the phone, and the phone was nothing. Daphne couldn't stop missing Meghan. The thousands of miles between them were crushing Daphne under their weight. She had a void, a hole inside - and she missed the person who'd always been able to somewhat fill it. But another person was impossible to miss. He could only be longed for. Daphne could never understand herself, her feelings of emptiness for someone she'd never even met. There were millions of girls, all over the planet, who grew up without a father - and a good portion of them probably couldn't care less. Was it the fantasy of it all? Would Daphne still long for him if he were, like, a potato farmer in Idaho? Maybe. As long as it was the same person. She had no demeanor, no character, no voice to latch onto. To match him to. Her mother's descriptions were vague, and Daphne knew why. Libby didn't want to remember anything about him. But she couldn't surrender her memories to her daughter. They were locked in her mind, out of reach. And all Daphne wanted was to run to him, to bury her face in his shoulder. Hear him talking. Smell his cologne. Feel strong arms wrap around her. Maybe it was childish and ridiculous, but she just didn't care. Her eyes squeezed tighter shut as tears began to leak out. How much longer was she going to have to do this? Even Aunt Cathy knew now, and that had made it even more real, her feelings more intense. Daphne could hardly stand it. She wanted him so badly that it hurt. Oh, did it hurt. She pressed her face into her pillow, where for a few seconds, it was impossible to breathe. Daphne was in pitch black darkness, even though it was the middle of the afternoon. It was just herself, her thoughts, and her heartbeat. When she finally had to raise her head for air, she knew what she had to do. She couldn't wait any longer. Daphne had to talk to Meghan. Now. I didn't know why Mrs. Winthrop was holding the phone out to me. I never got calls on Thursdays. Come to think of it, I almost never got calls at all. But of course, I took it. \"Hello?\" \"Meghan.\" said an exhausted but sort of urgent voice in the phone. \"I - I need to talk to you...\" \"D - Daphne?\" I exclaimed, fast walking up the stairs to Faye's room. \"What's wrong?\" \"I don't know.\" she told me, voice quivering. \"I just...I miss you and...\" \"And what?\" She didn't answer. \"Just calm down, Daphne. And tell me what's wrong.\" I heard her take a breath, trying to take my advice. \"I'm trying to do some homework, but I'm just having a breakdown. Because for some reason I just can't stand it anymore. I just got hit so hard all of a sudden...Mom doesn't know I'm calling you...\" I thought about what she was saying. \"Is this...is this about...\" I knew I was right, and didn't have to finish - because she started crying. \"No...Daphne, don't cry...\" \"I need to.\" Maybe that was true. After all, she didn't know what I knew, or what I'd been doing. I wasn't sure what to say - I'd just realized that there was still yet another secret, one that I was keeping from her. Trying to fend off pangs of guilt, I said the best thing I could think of. \"It won't be much longer. Just trust me, Daphne.\" \"There's nothing you can do! There's nothing anyone can do. I'm just running around in circles for nothing. I don't know what to think. Dang it, what's wrong with me?!\" \"Nothing...nothing's wrong with you...listen Daphne, you just gotta hang in there, I promise things will be...\" \"Don't say that. Things won't be alright until I see you again. Not even a little bit alright. They just won't.\" What was I supposed to say to that? I wish I knew. \"Why am I so important?\" I asked. Which was the question I'd been asking in my mind for years. \"Because you're the only one who understands.\" she breathed. \"You know what it's...\" She stopped. I knew she'd been about to say that I knew what it was like. My throat tightened a little. And I wondered what was worse. To never experience a precious thing, or to have it...and then lose it. I had to fight the thought, I knew. To keep from crying. With the phone still to my ear, I walked toward the window. It was dark, but the moon was shining bright enough to see the world outside. And if I squinted hard enough, I was able to see that famous, gigantic clock. The entire view was breathtaking - not bad for a cottage. This was London, understated and real. Honest, and not flashy. Only seen by coming, and surely, hard to leave behind. Daphne was still breathing hard on the other end, still trying to stop sobbing. I waited. Somehow, I could tell that this had to be a turning point. After all that both of us had been through, there was nothing more fitting for us to be doing than to be talking to each other, right now. Connecting as best we could, and wishing together for the sun to come, once and for all. BE HERE WEDNESDAY. Until then, free cereal, chinese food, AND burritos for all. And check out my profile, to see what happened when I tried to get help for my writing problems... Peace and nachos, -rf-[Chapter 52] Okay, here I am...with a slight change of plan. 53 ain't ready yet, so only 52 is up. BUT expect 53 either tomorrow or Friday - not TOO long a wait, I hope? And be excited - 53's a pivotal chapter. ;) cassiopoeia: YaAaAaAaY!! You're back! Though you haven't reached this chapter yet...but I am SO happy and I LOVE your reviews. (and I sadly haven't been to England either. YET.) By the way, Third Rock? It Rocks. elle: Patience, my dear. But be very excited. :) Mrs.Scott323: Yes, Alistair is the creepiest of the creepy. Enjoy the chinese food, it's fresh...I think. / I love your reviews It was the night before the ball. Funny enough, it was a Monday night. And Meghan and Luke planned to be as prepared for the following night as humanly possible. There had been one final dress fitting/dance recital for Jocelyn that afternoon, which had gone quite smoothly and enjoyably - though her son, as he had been lately, was nowhere to be seen. Then, Meghan had gone with Luke for his tuxedo fitting. \"How do you like this one?\" he'd asked her, as he modeled a suit that had an interesting-looking jacket - one that had a split tail in the back. \"Uh, does it come with a matching bowler hat?\" she'd asked, trying not to laugh. \"Clever. On to the next one then.\" Eventually, they finally did find the perfect tux. However, much to Luke's boredom and exhaustion, it took them an hour and a half to do so. Therefore, by the time they left the third shop of the day, suit in hand, it was already dark. It was also on the verge of raining. Which it did. And Meghan was thankful that both the suit and the dress were safely wrapped in plastic as she rode back to the Winthrops' on Luke's motorbike. \"I'll be picking you up at seven tomorrow night.\" Luke told her when they came to her front door. \"Will you be ready?\" \"I...hope so.\" Meghan told him. He squeezed her hand. \"Don't worry. Everything will be fine. You'll see.\" Meghan forced a little smile and nodded her head. She was trying to believe him, but she had a strange, foreboding feeling that wouldn't subside. He gave a small smile back and winked. But as Luke walked back down the path toward his soaked bike, Meghan watching the whole way, he himself was wondering what millions of things might go wrong. A minute later, Meghan was inside. Emma was in the kitchen, cleaning again, in a bit of a worried haste. \"Meghan, thank goodness you're back. Ya haven't seen Faye by any chance, have ya dear?\" \"No...is she gone again?\" \"'Fraid so. Ack, I dunno what gotten inta her! It's rainin', and she's out who knows where...\" Meghan wished she could help Mrs. Winthrop, for she knew exactly what had gotten into Faye. But she didn't know how to change it, let alone even talk to Faye, which parts of her were still determined not to do. Meghan thought of what Faye had said last night, when her mother had questioned her about the ball. \"I'm not going to the ball.\" Figures. Meghan knew that Faye hated herself too much to even think of attending. She took off her coat, hung it, and took her dress up the stairs. Laying it on her bed, she noticed that the window in Faye's bedroom was open just a crack. That's weird... Meghan thought, walking over to close it. She did so, and was about to dig out her dress shoes when something out the window caught her eye. It was a girl, sitting on the bench of a picnic table in the park. A blonde girl. Faye. She was sitting with her head somewhat bent, one leg tucked behind the other. She had on a slicker and hat, but neither one seemed to be doing her much good as she sat there, just letting the rain pound down on her. It was a very depressing sight. Without hesitation, Meghan moved from the window and pounded down the stairs. She grabbed her coat, and an umbrella. \"Meghan, you just got here! Where are you going?\" she heard Laurence call from the den. \"To get Faye.\" she shouted back. And she ran out the door. The rain was coming down harder than it had been before, and it seemed about eleven times colder, too. Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Meghan's feet hit the ground, one after the other, as she kept up her determined run. As she started to reach the more public area, she worked to dodge the fast-walking people as they shuffled home from work. The water pricked her legs, which were partially bare between the tops of her knee socks and the bottom of her coat. She rounded the corner into the park. At that same speed, she kept moving - until she was about ten feet behind a certain picnic table, staring right at Faye's back. And Meghan stayed that way, for a minute. Just looking at the poor girl whose life had been turned upside down. Faye was alone - at least in her mind, and wasn't putting up any sort of front whatsoever. Her depression was honest. Meghan knew that Faye deserved to have at least that to her name. Faye wasn't heartless. She was just lost. \"Faye!\" Meghan shouted. The girl didn't move, nor did she answer. Nothing changed. Meghan came closer. \"Faye! Please listen!\" Still no reply. Meghan advanced even more, until she was close to being directly on the other side of the picnic table. \"Faye. Come on. Just come with me. Get out of this rain.\" Meghan breathed one more time. She lifted the umbrella, which she now realized she'd neglected to open - and opened it now. Faye saw its shadow. Meghan's shadow. It was unmoving. Slowly, she turned her head, showing half of a wet, resigned, beaten face. Tears crossed courses with raindrops as they trickled down the girl's cheeks, streaming away from her desperate eyes. Faye turned her gaze, forlorn, on Meghan, breathing in, then breathing out... And then, she surrendered. Faye pushed herself up, walking over, and grabbed hold of the umbrella. She stood there until Meghan began to walk. Then, she walked with her. Meghan felt Faye's nearness and heard her breathing as they stepped together, huddled under the umbrella. No one said anything, no one looked at the other's face. Faye only stared down at hers and Meghan's feet as they moved, while Meghan herself looked up and ahead and guided their way. They walked through the park and out into the town, weaving around the busy people. They walked back into the residential district, uphill, past every little yellow or white or brown cottage, until they came to the most familiar one of all. Meghan opened the gate, and they walked on through. When they reached the door, Meghan turned the knob. She stepped aside to let Faye go in, and then followed in herself. Faye stood there, in the entryway, with Meghan behind her, until Emma looked up from her kitchen work and saw her daughter's face. Instantly, Emma flew over, catching her daughter in a tight embrace. Laurence, who'd seen her fly by, came out of the den - and was soon doing the same thing. And Meghan watched them for a minute, before hanging up her coat, and going up the stairs. Jocelyn had been to a great many balls to say the least, and had chaperoned a considerable portion of them. But almost never in her life had she anticipated attending a ball of this importance. If you asked her why this ball was so important, it's uncertain whether she could give an exact answer. She didn't know for sure herself, though she did have a few ideas floating around. But mainly, it was just an overwhelming feeling of change, a flipping over and shaking out. What was it? Who knew. But certainly, it must be worth preparing for. Which she was doing. Of course, her outfit for the affair had long since been arranged, and she planned on sporting a regally modest hairstyle, as she always did. And then there was the ball itself - she'd been a main consult on the committee, helping with preparations for over a month. She had agreed from the beginning that Everston Mansion would be a lovely spot, with its excellent ballroom and polished decor. The mansion itself had been there since 1875, but had been so well maintained and so well built in the first place that one would almost assume that it was brand new, and only made to look old. A perfect destination. There would be many important people there as well. It was a welcome fact that Henry would be accompanying her, which would surely force him to take his mind off his work for at least a short while. Of course, however, Glynnis and Alistair would be attending as well, being that it was Clarissa's last Winter Ball before leaving Jasperstone Academy. She knew that the two also had other reasons for coming along, such as to make absolute sure that at least one of them was orbiting around Henry the entire time. Perhaps the \"mind off work\" idea was a bit too much to hope for. In any case, one aspect of the ball seemed to excite Jocelyn more than anything else - the girl from New York, who'd be wearing her dress. Yes, Jocelyn had told a little white lie. She hadn't in fact found the dress in a sweet little boutique, as she'd said - but rather had procured it from the recesses of her closet. Like that mansion, the ivory dress had been so well made and well kept that it hadn't altered a bit since she'd worn it in 1961. Well kept? It had been exceptionally kept. And NO ONE, not even Henry, knew who the dress truly belonged to. Not that it had ever really been a secret, per se, but...what interest would a boy have in frilly things like that anyway? Of course, traditionally, it would be assumed that Clarissa, her future step-granddaughter, should be the rightful owner and wearer of such a priceless item. But something had told Jocelyn that Meghan would appreciate it more. And besides, the dress had been made for a petite girl, which Meghan was - and Clarissa was not. Did it matter whether or not that beautiful dress went to a family member? She supposed not. At least, it shouldn't matter. What should matter is whether or not Jocelyn deemed the recipient deserving of it enough. Miss Reynolds fit that requirement. And perhaps...she might fit other criteria as well. Or perhaps not. Perhaps Clarissa was the closest thing she'd ever have to a grandchild. Or maybe... Or maybe neither of which was true. Clarissa wouldn't show it, but inside, she was positively fuming. Why should she be fuming, you ask? She had only just succeeded in not only bashing the life of...what was her name...Fanny Wizpot, but had also been able to finally, FINALLY crack Meghan Reynolds. Hadn't she done what she'd set out to do? Hadn't she accomplished her long-awaited revenge? Well, not quite. True, she had been able to cause two girls she hated TOTAL HUMILIATION. She had turned the blonde into a raving monster (much to Clarissa's entertainment), and had finally gotten that wretched foreigner to shed those sweet, sweet tears. But had either one of them transferred schools, or better, left the country? No. Had both of them really possessed the audacity to actually show up at school the very next day? Why, indeed they had. And had that mysterious envelope of obvious importance been kept out of her reach, despite the fact that Clarissa still had ownership of a certain precious piece of jewelry? It had. And what was more, one of them - and in Clarissa's mind, the worse of the two - would be at that ball, sharing her dance floor, tomorrow night. And accompanying her would be the gorgeous, rich, irresistible boy who, like the dance floor, should rightfully be hers. And this made Clarissa's cheeks burn with fury more than anything else. It was almost too much for Clarissa to bear. Meghan Reynolds had positively taken over her world. She'd overtaken Clarissa's rank at Jasperstone Academy, shoved her off the covers of every magazine in London and beyond, and had even gone so far as to set her grimy foot in Dashwood manor, to converse with Clarissa's family. Chess with Daddy. Tea with Grandmumsie. Every single solitary thing that Clarissa couldn't be bothered with but should still be entitled to. But having Lucas as well...that tore it. That just TORE IT. Miss Reynolds had been given every chance to break it off with him. She'd been threatened several times - that should've been enough to alert any sensible person to back off and surrender what didn't belong to them. Granted, she was an American, and a mindless American at that, and so therefore was in fact a bit short of sensible - but dumbness was not an excuse. Meghan knew who her superiors were. And yet, she'd kept on. She'd stayed with Luke, despite knowing that it wasn't her place. This alone, even aside from her other breaches of boundary, was enough to deserve a thorough roasting and disposal. Even so, Meghan had chosen to ignore the warnings and have her own way. But no more. NO MORE. The girl had crossed the line a long time ago, and had set a ticking time bomb in Clarissa the moment she'd slammed into her that first day. Now, it was about to go off. It was high time that wretch be destroyed, once and for all. And tomorrow night, she would be. Of that, Clarissa was quite sure. Keep your eyes open for the next chapter. Eet ees especial. -rf-[Chapter 53] Ugh. Finally. I have gotten 53 out of my system. And it is the longest and most climactic one yet. I poured my sweat and blood into (not literally, ew), so...enjoy it. Yo. Thanks for all reviews, answers next chap, let's get on with things... :) At 6:57pm, he had arrived at the cottage. It was at that moment that the last wisps of sunset were slowly fading, giving way to vast navy and tiny bits of floating diamonds. The old-fashioned streetlamps that lined the sidewalks promptly lit themselves, casting a yellowish glow throughout the area. One nearby lamp shed its light on Luke's face as he stood, near the open door of a shiny black town car. He absentmindedly straightened his tie with one hand, the other holding a small bouquet of white roses. This was it. Lucas Brenshire felt halfway in a dream as the car door was closed behind him and he stepped up to unlock the tiny iron gate. For once in his life, he was happy to be going to a ball. And right then, with everything quiet but the soft rumbling of the car behind him and the usual chirping crickets, he had a slight fear that he might drift away - it was just too unreal. Nothing for him had ever shone with such simplicity, such genuineness. This was his kind of fantasy. And how was one to act in one's fantasy? Before he realized it, Luke was at the front door. He had already somehow flown down the path and up the steps, and was now facing solid wood. The buzzer was on the left. He brought his finger to it. The result was a faint sound, followed by bustling. When the door opened, the first thing Luke saw was a mass of red curls. The red curls greeted him, then turned around, and in an Irish voice called out: \"Meghan!\" After this the woman stepped aside, and Luke stepped forward, into the house. \"Oh, what lovely flowers.\" the woman swooned. \"She'll love them.\" Emma then floated off into some other dimension. And Luke waited, gazing up at the stairs. After about a minute, he saw something emerge from the land at the top. Something feathery and airy and white and positively beautiful. And it was then that Luke began to rise from his semi-slumber, awakened by what felt like a rush of cold water without the shock but with all of the fresh invigoration. Or maybe it was just because he was standing near the air conditioner vent. But that didn't matter. He'd never seen her in the dress before - the fittings with Jocelyn had been in private, while he'd simply stayed out in the sitting room, chatting it up with Ganes. So when the one he loved actually stepped out in that glittering, frothy thing, nervous eyes moving up and down...he couldn't have been more astonished. She was an absolute vision. The girl wore strappy low-heeled shoes in metallic silver, which were accented by rhinestone flowers. A good portion of her smooth, slender legs could be seen, leading up to the bottom of her ivory fairy dress that glimmered in the dim light as she descended the staircase. Around her neck hung a sparkly flower like those on her shoes but larger, hanging on a chain - though it had been hard for her not to wear her precious butterfly necklace. Her deep, dark, chocolate brown waves of hair had been turned into spirally curls that hung down, framing her cheeks and piling down to her shoulders. An ivory-colored satin headband was the only thing restraining them. And at the center of it all was her sweet, delicate, gorgeous face, eyes accented with glittery gold shadow and cheeks giving off just the faintest pink. Most lovely of all was her exquisite smile, which though very apprehensive at the moment nevertheless lit up her persona like nothing else imaginable. As per usual. As Meghan dismounted the final step, she came forward a few steps but still hung back, stopping in front of Luke a few inches farther than normal. She clasped her hands behind her back and lowered her face a bit, smiling wider by the second as she gazed up at Luke for approval. As if she needed it! \"Miss Reynolds.\" he pronounced. \"You have amazed me yet again.\" Meghan looked up at him, her smile now at its full caliber. Luke approached her, and placed his free hand on her cheek. He gave her a quick, soft kiss. \"You're beautiful.\" he said. She bent her head again, bashful but smiling as wide as ever. Then she chuckled. \"You look pretty swanky yourself, you know.\" she told him. \"I mean, more than usual.\" It was his turn to be bashful. \"Yes, yes, we all know I'm a snob.\" \"And what's this?\" Meghan quipped, eyeing the bundle in Luke's hand. \"We've moved up from pink daisies?\" \"What's that? Oh! Why, yes, I suppose we have.\" he said with a smile, still lost in enchantment. He raised the flowers and held them out to Meghan. \"These are for you, of course.\" \"Why, thank you.\" she said wryly, accepting the roses and bringing them to her nose. She drew in a deep, long breath and closed her eyes. \"Mmm. They smell so pretty, Luke.\" \"Not as pretty as you.\" he said. She was wearing a rather sweet-smelling perfume tonight. Meghan smirked at this. \"Enough of the flattery, you scoundrel.\" she told him, wagging her finger. \"I'm too humble for that.\" Luke rolled his eyes, but complied with her request. \"Alright then. Shall we get to dinner, Princess?\" He couldn't resist that one. Meghan gave him a playful glare and a grin. \"Yes, Prince Pumpkinhead - let's go.\" They arrived at the mansion at 8:15, the perfect degree of fashionably late, after a delicious steak dinner. Even outside, the place was bustling. Camera people for Tatler, Vogue UK and others, who were not allowed inside, were snapping pictures of the Jasperstone and Morris students as they shuffled through the doors. Of course, when Meghan and Luke stepped out of their town car, the bustling erupted into an absolute frenzy. The driver opened and held the door. Luke, being the first to step out, was immediately blinded by a surge of flashing light. Shielding his eyes, he reached back in for Meghan, who grabbed his hand and pulled herself out into the madness. They quickly started for the door, reporters hounding them all the way. \"Lucas! Lucas! What's it like to be taking someone other than Clarissa Payne to the ball?\" \"Miss Reynolds! How does it feel to have what every girl wants?\" It seemed that they couldn't get into the mansion fast enough - but they got in as fast as they could. They slowed to a walk as they came up behind another couple, following others behind them down a long highway. Meghan looked up at Luke, nervous again. He glanced down, and gave her a small smile. \"Don't worry. Just go with me. You'll know what to do.\" And so Meghan just kept walking, her arm laced through Luke's, wondering what lay ahead. The eventually reached the end of the hallway, where the other couples were ascending a velvety, carpeted staircase. Of course, Meghan and Luke followed, arms entwined, slowly climbing the steps. At the top was another hallway. Waiting at its start was a man in a suit. Luke reached into his jacket, pulling out his and Meghan's invitations. He handed them to the man in the suit, who passed them down to someone else as the couple walked on. Within a few feet, the walking stopped, just near a grand opening. One couple was position just inside that grand opening, light shining on their faces, while the others waited in line, out of sight. Meghan heard a loud, booming voice, before the couple stepped further and seemingly downward through the opening. The ones behind them took their place. Within seconds, Luke and Meghan were at the front. She nervously stepped with him through the opening and into an extraordinary sight. They were at the top of yet another staircase, gazing straight out into the magnificent ballroom. \"May I present to you Mr. Lucas Brenshire and Miss Meghan Reynolds.\" They stepped forward a bit more, and stopped again briefly at the very edge of the top stair. Luke unhooked his arm and moved his hand down to grasp Meghan's, raising her hand and his chin in the air as he glanced in her direction. She glimpsed a proud-looking smile on his face as he held his eyes on her for a few seconds, before turning to face straight ahead. Then, he took a step forward... And Meghan went right with him. Without her realizing it, her free hand rose gracefully and landed on the solid banister, gliding slowly down as she stepped with brilliant poise. Luke seemed to know what he was doing, but...somehow, Meghan seemed to be doing just as well. Needless to say, all eyes were on them as they steadily made their way down. Meghan saw Emily and Bridget, without Faye, in one corner, giving her a sort of stern glare. She caught sight of Ian in another part of the room, looking absolutely thrilled as he made rock star signs with his hands. Of course, she saw Jocelyn, who was contented, Henry, intrigued, and Glynnis, void of coherent thought. But neither Alistair nor Clarissa were anywhere in sight. Good. Meghan thought. Maybe they had a meeting of the dark forces to attend. Soon enough, they reached the glossy floor. Meghan worked to take in more of the glimmering ballroom, complete with its grand picture windows and brightly lit crystalline chandeliers. People mingled and moved about throughout the huge room, frequently stopping at the refreshment table for tea, cookies, and finger sandwiches. Against one wall was an extremely small orchestra, playing music to which many couples were dancing. Luke seemed to think that the table would be a wise first stop, to ease them into their surroundings. Meghan was thankful to have him lead her toward the cookies, rather than prompting her to dance right off. As she began to nibble on something buttery, sugary and crispy, she felt a little tap on her shoulder. Meghan turned... To see a bright, smiling Clarissa, holding two cups of punch. \"Hello, Meghan.\" she said cheerfully. \"Lovely evening, isn't it? I hope you're enjoying the ball.\" \"Clarissa...\" Meghan murmured. \"You've...never called me by my first name before.\" Clarissa flashed her dazzling white teeth in another dramatic smile, before immediately turning her gaze on Luke. \"Lucas, dear.\" she chirped. \"I thought I might bring you some punch. It's really quite good.\" What is it with her and punch? \"Er, thank you, Clarissa.\" he stammered, accepting the drink. The blonde kept on with her creepily bright stare, an expectant look on her face - and Luke was forced to promptly take a sip. \"Like it?\" she asked. Luke tilted his head a bit, studying her. \"...Yes...I suppose I do...aren't you here with um, Armistead?\" \"Oh! Yes! That's right. I should be getting back to him. Well, you two enjoy yourselves.\" she said, starting to move away. She kept her gaze on Luke, however, for a few more seconds. He took another drink - that seemed to satisfy her. She disappeared into the crowd. \"Luke, old fellow!\" came a voice. Seemingly out of nowhere, a blonde boy waltzed over to them. \"Glad you could make it.\" \"Hello, John.\" \"Yes, hello. And you. \" he said alluringly, looking at Meghan. \"I don't believe we've met. John Smithers.\" \"Meghan Reynolds.\" \"Well, obviously. Everyone knows who you are, you know.\" \"Unfortunately, yeah. But, nice to meet you.\" \"Pleasure's all mine. Now, if you'll excuse me, I think I spy an eastern beauty in yonder corner.\" Meghan glanced in the direction John referred to, and saw Ayaka, who seemed a little confused by the talkative boy who waved at her. \"Yes, yes, there is one remaining foreign fox - and I do believe she is destined to be mine.\" With that, John was off. Luke seemed indifferent as he took another sip of punch. \"You know, I've got to admit - this is rather flavorsome.\" Meghan smiled and shook her head. Luke smiled back. \"Shall we dance?\" he asked her, holding out his free hand. She thought for a moment. \"We shall.\" she declared, taking the hand extended to her. Luke downed the rest of his punch, and crumpled the fancy paper cup, carelessly throwing it and Clarissa's deviousness over his shoulder as she led Meghan out on the dance floor. They'd planned to tell him at exactly 9:30. It was now 9:27. So far, Meghan was having a much better time at the ball than she expected. It was interesting to see Luke fully in his element, more charming and sophisticated than ever. And it was very surprising to her that she seemed to blend right in. For the last hour or so, she and Luke had been gliding across the floor with an elegance that seemed to come almost naturally. Everyone seemed intrigued by Meghan's dancing skills, which seemed to extend far beyond her lessons with Luke and Jocelyn. Maybe it was from having to dance with all those Great Uncle Petes at weddings. The lovely time she was having had been interrupted only once - and minorly at that. Meghan had started back to the refreshment table, leaving Luke for a few seconds to grab them some more delicious butter cookies. Mid-course, however, she'd crossed paths with strangely perky Clarissa, who'd been headed for Luke some more punch. At this, Meghan simply stopped, plucked the cup out of her hand, and turned around to give it to Luke herself. \"Thanks.\" she told her. After giving Luke his drink, Meghan expected to turn back to see a fuming Clarissa, ready to explode. But instead, she saw nothing. And so, after retrieving and eating those cookies, Luke enjoying them with his punch, they'd gone back to their blissful dancing. But it had now come to about that time - the time they'd decided Henry would know the truth about the daughter who longed for him. And seeing Luke try to check his watch, Meghan's heartbeat began to speed up. \"Let's see then. The time is now...\" He squinted, and shook his head. \"Ack, it's hard to see. Can you read it?\" He held his wrist out to Meghan. \"9:28.\" she immediately declared. \"Alright, yes, thank you.\" he told her. \"Well then. What say you, Meghan? Are you ready?\" Meghan looked away for a minute, closing her eyes, and drawing in a deep breath. This was going to be the hardest thing she'd ever, ever had to do. Back in New York, when she'd imagined the scenario of meeting Henry Dashwood and telling him the truth, the prospect had seemed so easy. But the real thing had been far from easy. She'd drawn things out for so, so long, waiting and waiting... She was tired of the waiting. It was wrong. This was wrong. It was time to make it right. \"Luke,\" she told him, \"I'm as ready as I'll ever be.\" He nodded. Then, he tilted his head. \"No...no, not quite.\" And he put his arm around her, drawing his hand up her neck and into her curly hair. He placed his other hand on the back of her waist, slowly, lightly rubbing it as he drew her in. And then, their lips connected, wiping away everything that burdened her, if only for a moment. They rejoiced in and treasured that moment, forgetting all that was around them, only caring of the ones they embraced. Meghan's heart slowed down and her shoulders rested as she savored this connection to one of the few people she knew she could trust. And then, he drew back. \" Now you're as ready as you'll ever be.\" He took her hand, and they started making their way across the floor, intention set firmly in their minds. Now was the time...now is the time... \"...for the switching dance.\" came a loud voice. \"Everyone must now choose a dance partner, other than the one you may have come with, for this next song.\" And all of a sudden, the lights were dimmed - and everyone in the room began to shuffle about, quickly choosing new people to dance with. Meghan and Luke would have ignored it - if it hadn't been for Clarissa's immediate presence near them at that very second. \"Well, Lucas.\" she told him. \"You heard what the man said.\" And it was then that Meghan noticed something. Something that hadn't been there before. Something that made her burn with fury. Her silver locket, around Clarissa's neck. \"You...\" said Meghan in a low, growling voice, raising a pointed finger toward the snob whom her necklace adorned. \"You...you witch...\" \"Are you quite alright, Meghan?\" Clarissa asked innocently. \"What's the matter?\" \"You've gone too far.\" Meghan told her. \"Stop...now...\" \"Is there a problem here?\" came a voice. Meghan turned to see despicable Alistair, standing directly behind her. \"Why, Grampy dear, I was only just about to partner with Lucas for the switching dance.\" Clarissa told him, taking Luke's hands in hers. Meghan, now solitary, looked from Clarissa to Alistair to pleadingly at Luke, before finally resigning and slowly backing away as Clarissa took Luke into the crowds. He looked back at Meghan, able to do nothing other than raise a finger quickly in the air, as if to say, \"I'll be back to you in a minute.\" And with Alistair staring her down like she were a criminal, she wanted nothing more at the moment than to keep on backing away. Eventually, she was out of Alistair's sight, and Luke was out of hers. And she was left there, standing in the middle of the crowds, partnerless in the dim room. With everyone seemingly part of a couple, the music started. Though it was without words, Meghan faintly recognized the song that the orchestra played. It was a vague, tiny reckoning to something familiar. She was puzzled as to how and why the song would be playing, but there was no doubt in her mind that the melody matched. As she stood there, confused, looking all around, she was convinced that no one could see her, alone in the dim light. No one could see her drifting person, lost in a sea of dancing marionettes. But someone had. She felt a hand on her shoulder... And turned to see the deep, caring brown eyes of Henry Dashwood. \"May I have this dance?\" he asked her. She nodded. It was all she could do. And Meghan found herself once again bathing in the shock she'd grown used to knowing. He took her hand, sweeping her into the slow, drifting dance. Beats absent in the outside reality reverberated in Meghan's mind, both of her heartbeat and of pounding drums, a missing component of the wispy song she remembered. Tears welled up in her eyes as she looked at that man who'd become so prominent, more in her life than he could ever be in that superficial society. She felt as if she knew him...but knew he didn't know her at all. He didn't know what a liar she was. And what if he still believed that she belonged in his life? She didn't have a right, to this dance. To be stealing the love that belonged to the one who counted on and trusted her most. Meghan knew...she knew she couldn't take it much longer... If I don't say this, now I will, surely, break She was now being forced more than ever before, to face the fact that telling the truth wasn't just hard for her...but somehow, in some illusive way, it hurt her, too. Why did giving something to someone, something so dear to them that would give them so much joy, feel like giving something up? As I'm leaving The one I want to take The truth was, Meghan had numbed herself. A long time ago. Forced herself to ignore her true, honest feelings in favor of feelings that were more convenient for everyone else - and a less agonizing for her. There were so many things that Meghan wouldn't show. She was often so unaware of her feelings that they almost ceased to exist - or at least, seemed to. Her love for Luke had changed her, had made her believe in herself, had given her joy. Knowing him had uplifted her. But knowing Henry had fulfilled her. Meghan longed so much both to let go, and to hold on... Forgive the urgency But hurry up and wait My heart has started to separate Henry was at odds with himself, as he usually was, but more so. For so long now, he hadn't known what to think. Everything conflicted with everything else. His life contradicted itself in some kind of twisted, endless cycle. As he swept her back and forth, he found it hard to look at her face. For if he did, he might drown in the striking familiarity of that gaze, that smile. It couldn't be. It just couldn't. Her father was is Kosovo. She'd said it herself. But then, why was he still questioning? He'd spent over a week avoiding her, burying himself in his all-important campaign. But tonight, when he'd seen her standing alone and lost, he knew that there was no choice but to rescue her. There now, steady, love So few come and don't go Will you, won't you Be the one I'll always know As much as he tried, and tried, and TRIED, he couldn't remove his mind from this girl, and someone else before her. He couldn't deny it. Right here, right now, there was something in her eyes that he knew, something right in front of him that he wanted to take and hold onto. Only she, Meghan Reynolds...only she had been able to make him remember. When I'm losing my control The city spins around You're the only one who knows Y ou slow it down Luke was lost in thought. Somehow, he and his domineering dance partner had somehow moved out of sight from the one he truly loved, the one he wanted to be with. Where was she? Luke hoped she wasn't alone. Maybe Ian was dancing with her. He looked up at the dim chandelier. This was strange. The chandelier was moving in the opposite direction. Also, it didn't match the others. It looked defective. It was simply the wrong shape. But no bother with the lousy decorating. He hated mansions, didn't he? So big. Able to fit so many people. Too many people. Like now. Wait, where were they going? Why were they moving away from them? This was odd. And what was this? The orchestra was stumbling over the song! Someone obviously had forgotten how to play. The music was fading in and out. They should've just gotten Ian's band. Or was it John that had the band? Well, no matter. He cared about ball music about as much as he cared about mansions. And balls themselves. They were tiring. Especially this one. Luke found that his eyes were wanting to close. He felt a little off balance. It was getting hard to dance. Well, that was it, then. He'd have to tell Meghan it was time for a break. \"Meghan...\" he said drowsily. \"Can we...sit down for a bit...?\" \"Alright.\" came the answer. And he didn't see it coming. If ever there was a doubt My love, she leans into me This most assuredly counts She says most assuredly Henry made himself look. Straight at her face. He half-smiled, and she half-smiled back. Maybe there was just no use in denying it anymore. No matter what the circumstances, he couldn't stand the idea of not knowing this extraordinary person. He made a decision then and there that somehow, in some way, he would. And I'll look after you Meghan was bleeding inside. Her heart was sinking, her soul being wrenched. She was going to have to face the fact that what she wanted was not rightfully hers. She wanted London. She wanted chandeliers and elegance. She wanted the dancing. She wanted the belonging. And she wanted this. It was going to be hard to surrender this touch. Hard because...because she hadn't felt it in five years. But Daphne had never felt it at all. Meghan knew what was right. She couldn't deny her love for Daphne, and she couldn't deny the truth. It's always have and never hold You've begun to feel like home There were dancers surrounding them. Luke was nowhere in sight. But the time had come. A second more would kill her. She had to tell him, right here, and right now. \"Lord Dashwood...\" He looked at her, opening himself to whatever she was about to say, willing to take it in and fully believe it. He knew that she was made of something real - and they rarely came made like that anymore. \"Yes, Meghan?\" \"I...I need to tell you something...\" I'll look after you...after you... And a last few seconds ticked by, with Meghan and Henry dancing, moving together to the sound of violins. And then someone gasped. Someone screamed. Someone stopped the music, and the lights undimmed The crowd stopped dancing And moved to the right or the left, whichever was nearer. Really, they just backed away. And Meghan and Henry turned to look, to see what it was they backed away from. Squinting in the sudden light, they searched for an opening, and came forward. Henry's hand still lightly rested on Meghan's back as they took in the sight before them. It was only a few seconds. Just a quick, short glimpse. But it was all it took, to shatter everything. No... Meghan thought. Please...not you... Yes. The first integration of a song. And yes, I used Look After You by The Fray, though not the entire song. Also, I do not own it, if for some reason it seems like I do - I do NOT. I hope it fits well...songfics are hard to do. And I know it wasn't around in 2003, when the story is set. But I felt it was a good song for the scene, so I'm pretending it was around five years ago. Anyway,all for now. Expect more next Friday or Saturday. I'm out yo -rf-[Chapter 54] At last! Haza (in the words of Merv)! The wait is over! My apologies, it is with my deepest regret that I forced you to wait this long, however my mind has been CHAOS lately. Argh. But here I am, with two full chapters. Emy: SORRY!! :( But here they are! Shiny Temptation: Again, SORRY!! Oh, but I like the new name. Shiny things rule. Glad you liked 53, writing it was like doing surgery on myself. You may be on to something about C and A, and I agree, Meghan is being a lil selfish - as is intended for this stage of the story. It's a fault of hers - Meghan is NO MarySue! And I hope these chapters are juicy enough for you. I suspect they will be. Mari324: Thanx! 53's one of my favs too. I hope your need will FINALLY be satisfied. :) Mrs.Scott323: Gosh, I hope I haven't lost you! :( Glad you liked the song. And believe me, I know how schoolwork goes. :P peculiarjuliar: Wow! SO happy you like my story! And I love suspense, sarcasm, and wit - glad I've been able to convey those things through my writing. Hope you'll read more! :) From now on, if it isn't minded, methinks I'll answer reviews privately - everyone might like it better that way - unless someone brings something up that I feel should be publicly addressed. I promise to answer them all! Enough of my blathering...only, I warn you all...you should brace yourselves... It was as if all of her feelings had been shut off. Numbed. Made non-existent. And only one feeling surfaced and grew, burning in her soul more than it ever had before, taking hold and wrenching her: hopelessness. This couldn't be happening. So many others had gone against her, turning their backs or trying to bring her down for reasons that were invalid or untrue. The blonde witch and her conniving grandfather had always been preparing her death bed, their hot, sickening breath hanging over her whenever she was in their presence. And then there had been Faye, not to mention her vengeful friends, who had crushed her with the friendships they withdrew from right under her - almost crushing Daphne in the process. But there was one person she'd thought would always protect and defend her, would never leave her side no matter what circumstances hurled themselves at them. She'd had doubts, and he'd calmed them, telling her not to worry about rubbish like that. And he'd made her believe that she was more important to him than anything else in his world. A world she thought he'd wanted to reject. But right now, right in front of her, he was accepting it with open arms. And every doubt that she had ever had was confirmed. For Meghan had just witnessed the most horrible thing imaginable: Her love, eyes closed, his lips locked with those of Clarissa Payne's. Not you...Luke. Only a short, labored cry managed to escape from within her before she took her eyes away. She was wracked with so much grave intensity that for a few moments she was stock still, standing and hazily shaking her head, trying to process what was going on. Meghan vaguely felt a warm hand that had been on her back as it moved to her arm, gently gripping it as it shook slightly. Then, she acted. Everything was in slow motion as Meghan tore away from Henry's grip and ran, crashing through the crowds in a dead sprint toward the door. Her mind caught shreds of outbursts from various people as her feet hit the ground, and she willed her legs to move faster, to no avail. They were gelatin, treading through a sea of chocolate pudding. She reached her aimed destination, that doorway that led to who knew and who cared where. And as she sped through, one loud, booming voice rang out, clear as it broke through the swirling noise. \"MEGHAN!\" That was the signal. The gunshot that started the race. And everything shifted from grinding fog to some kind of frantic clarity - the fast-forward button had been hit. Meghan's run had started as something she'd merely grasped at, not knowing what else to do. But now, it became her mission. She would not let him get to her. She would not let anyone stop her from running far, far away. \"Meghan, WAIT!\" she heard again, and she knew she would be pursued. But Meghan ran faster. She was running down a long, carpeted hallway. The voices in the ballroom grew more and more distant as she reached the end of said hallway, where it veered off in two directions. Meghan chose to go right, hoping that would somehow lead to a way out. She willed more speed to go to her legs, wishing she could take off her impudent heels but knowing she wouldn't have time. They hurt Meghan's feet and threatened to twist as they pounded the age-old floor. Late tears started rolling down her cheeks as she began to sob. \"Meghan!\" she heard once more, more distant now. She was making headway, and satisfying that raw desire to leave the one who'd stabbed her far behind. Meghan turned another corner, now in full-blown, wet despair. Another corner. And soon, she came upon the giant doors she'd previously come through, shoving one open with all of her strength. Instantly, her presence was made known to about ten unwitting reporters and their camerapersons, who had turned away from the mansion as they made their subtle, post-guest arrival banters on film. Also taken by surprise were the lingering paparazzi, who immediately grabbed their cameras and frantically flashed snapshots of the hot mess of a girl who'd just burst out of the building. Meghan briefly noticed the flashes as she ran, and braced herself, bending her head as she made herself go even faster. She'd taken on these things, for him. And now, he was gone - but those wretched, despicable cameras were still there. Her private anonymity was already long gone, and would never return. The tremendously huge iron gates in front of the mansion were still open. Meghan bolted through them. One news station had decided to set up camp right outside, and Meghan barely managed to dodge a reporter who lunged at her from the left as she cleared the exit. She ran in the opposite direction, right, with no intention of stopping. Her eyes were so filled with tears that she could barely see. She blinked, and was able to catch sight of unsuspecting stranger just before slamming into them. The tears raced down her face and fell everywhere - down her neck, or onto her dress, or clear to the ground. Meghan's breathing was labored as she took in huge, heaving breaths to supplement the acts of crying and of running. Her heart pounded in her throat, almost unable to keep up with its stressors. Meghan rounded another corner. So this is what it's like. Meghan thought. To be heartbroken. All of those well-known sights of London blazed past her, seemingly telling her to go, get out, and never come back. Everything, and everyone, was mocking her. She considered shouting back at them, that they had no right, that they didn't know her. But perhaps they did. Perhaps everyone in this entire world knew that she was a low class, sewer-sprung, good for nothing, deformed-looking, rebellious liar that didn't deserve to be loved by anyone of the male persuasion. Not a friend. Not a boyfriend. Not even a father. No, she only deserved to have to spend the days of her life filling the milk bowls of a thousand hungry cats as they graced every square foot of the stuffy, lint-filled, decrepit old barn she'd live in. In Idaho. Meghan only barely noticed that she'd somehow ended up in a place that seemed familiar to her. She began to slow down, and looked behind her. She saw only strangers. Luke had not followed her. Seeing this, Meghan decided that, at least for a few seconds, she needed to stop. She did so, right in front of a dark, abandoned cafe. Meghan looked up at the sign that read, \"The Crystal Spoon\" , and then just stood there, staring up at it and still sobbing. It just. Was not. Fair. Clarissa had ruined everything - but only because, Meghan realized, she'd allowed her to. If she'd just told Henry the truth, this could've all been averted. Clarissa would not have been able to hold a candle to her. Faye would still be happy. The Crystal Spoon would still be in business. Certainly, her silver locket would've been returned to her. And Luke...well, she just didn't know about Luke. She knew nothing about Luke. He didn't love her. He doesn't love me. What a dagger that was, and a sharp one. And she'd left so many wounds open, ready for him to ram it through. So, he'd done it. He'd made her think that he was there for her, forever. But he'd been helping Clarissa the whole time. Maybe she knew! Maybe Clarissa knew her secret. Maybe she and Luke had worked together to break Meghan, in the worst way possible, to keep it hidden. If so, they'd succeeded. They'd prevented her from telling Daphne's father the truth. But not for long, Meghan decided. She'd go to him the first chance she got, and end the silence once and for all. Oh, she'd be back. With a vengeance. But it couldn't be now. Meghan couldn't bear to look at the cafe any longer. In a second, she was running again, letting her feet guide her wherever they intended to go. Fifteen minutes earlier... Luke felt as if he were washing away in some dream. Everything he heard was slow and syrupy, running a race to plug up his ears. He wasn't even sure if he were still standing up, or if he were just floating there. He felt as if the floor was slowly flipping over, turning him upside down, and it felt as if he were standing on the ceiling. All he had to hold on to was his love, Meghan, who had let him fall into her, pressing her lips against his. Wait...was that someone shouting? Luke thought he'd heard an outburst...then another...but it had melted away somehow, washing down his consciousness. He heard even more noise, and wondered what all the fuss was about. And then, vaguely, he heard something flow out in Meghan's voice. It sounded sort of...distant. And pained. It was strange. Why had everything fallen silent all of a sudden? Was he in a dream? He shouldn't be asleep. He couldn't remember going home, or to bed. Hadn't he intended to go with Meghan, to tell Lord Dashwood...something? What was he doing now? All he felt was her mouth on his, her shoulder in his hand, her perfume...which suddenly didn't smell very nice. It was rather overbearing. It made him open his eyes. What? All the lights were on! Why was this, and why was everything such a blur? He looked down to Meghan's neck. Around it hung her silver locket. When had she put that on? Had he missed something, here? And then, he saw it. A curled lock of hair, hanging over his eye. It wasn't brown. It was blonde. \"Lucas!\" he heard, plain and clear, in a voice he recognized. \"Have you lost your damn mind?!\" Lord Dashwood. Luke tore away from the one he was kissing, struggling to obtain his focus. His hand flew to his head, and he closed his eyes, trying to get them working right again. The other hand stayed on the girl, gripping her shoulder as he almost tumbled, swaying side to side. But she stood up straight. She was like a rock. Luke opened his eyes, and looked at her. She was not Meghan. Panic instantly washed over him. His eyes darted around, frantically, until he caught a glimpse of cream-colored organza as it sped out the door. \"MEGHAN!\" he shouted, letting go of the other girl at once, almost stumbling again. He gasped for breath, shook his head manically, and started forward. \"Lucas, wait!\" cried a honey-coated, vile voice. He felt a hand grab his arm. Luke whirled around fiercely to face the girl, whom he now identified as being Clarissa. \"You!\" he spat, enraged. He grabbed the necklace that adorned the witch's neck, ripping it off and throwing it across the room. \"Get the hell away from me!\" he roared, pushing her several feet away and starting again after Meghan. He willed himself with all he could to be focused, be clear, be in control of his body. Everything he saw wavered in pairs, threatening to separate even more. Nevertheless, he pushed forward, and began to run. \"Meghan, WAIT!\" he shouted again. Luke pushed through the crowds and flew to the door - only to see her turn a corner at the end of the hall. He stopped a few feet through and lurched to the side, still incredibly dizzy and quickly becoming miserable with guilt and regret. Luke caught himself, and stood back up straight, just before nearly crashing to the ground. He barely noticed when Alistair Payne shuffled up next to him. \"Don't worry.\" Luke heard him casually remark. \"She'll be back, in another seventeen years or so.\" The boy just stared straight ahead for a moment, registering what had been said. Then, he turned to face Alistair, eyes smoldering with fury. Luke positioned himself right in front of the bald buffoon, staring him straight in the face. \"I know what you did.\" Luke told him, his voice low and menacing. \"And if Meghan doesn't expose you for the snake you truly are, then I will. I swear it.\" It was then that Luke took something out of his pocket; something, unbeknownst to Meghan, that he had planned on showing Henry when they told him the truth. He now took that object and shoved it against Alistair's chest, before breaking into a run to try and reach the girl he'd betrayed. \"MEGHAN!\" he shouted once again, not even sure if she heard him. Meanwhile, Alistair's attention was now on the object, as it drifted to the floor. Picking it up and glancing at it, he saw that it was a note, with his initials at the bottom. And of course, he remembered it. Still, he only shrugged his shoulders, as he reentered the ballroom, joining its flabbergasted occupants. Alistair, though - he didn't consider himself too surprised. Until he saw it. It was just a little glint on the floor, in a far corner of the room. But for some reason, he felt inclined to walk over to it. After all, it could be something valuable that he could hawk for money. Once there, he bent down to pick the thing up. On second thought, maybe it wasn't all that valuable. Though it was jewelry, a locket to be exact, it looked to be made out of silver - with no precious gems whatsoever. Just as he was about to lose interest and drop the thing back to the floor, he turned the pendant over - and was intrigued once again. Meghan Reynolds. Hmm. Of course, there was only one thing to do next. Open the locket. Which would have been easy, if you were a teenage girl, with long nails. Alistair, however, was a bald old man with short, stubby ones. Needless to say, opening that silver object took a while, and he found it quite frustrating and agonizing. But he did it. And he found that he couldn't quite drink in the images inside quick enough for his taste. On one side, there was a picture of two people: a blonde-haired man and a brown-haired little girl. They looked to be roughhousing a bit, the man holding the girl tightly with a smile, her face in frozen laughter. Oh, how very very sweet and lovely. The other image, however, was much more interesting to Alistair. In this picture were four people, four women to be exact. Two of them late thirtyish, two of them preteen girls. The two older women stood side by side, each with their arms wrapped around the shoulders of a girl, and they all looked to be wearing simple dresses. On the left, an extremely dark-haired woman stood, arms resting on a girl who had the same hair but a different face. The girl's identity registered: it was a younger Meghan. Next to Meghan stood another girl, who looked to be about the same age. Her hair was a lighter brown, her face different from all three of them. Both her eyes and her smile, however, struck chords in Alistair's mind. And then, he saw her. Her arms were wrapped around the chestnut-haired girl, though the woman herself was blonde - possessing the exact same hair color as the man in the opposite picture. Her face was bright and beaming, and her dress was definitely more of a bohemian style, compared to the rest. And instantly, Alistair knew. She was, unmistakably, Elizabeth Reynolds. The necklace went in his pocket. His cell phone went to his ear. And Alistair went out the door.[Chapter 55] Luke was speeding after Meghan in the best way that he could - which was not very well. Twice, he'd almost run into a wall, and he was tripping about every twenty steps. Soon enough, he was blinded by camera flashes as he burst outside. Upon his running out through the front iron gates, a reporter came at his right side - he almost seemed to have been expecting him. At this, Luke abruptly turned left. Through his warped, foggy vision, Luke saw nothing of the girl he pursued. He saw nothing else to do, however, but to press on and keep running. \"Meghan!\" he called out about every thirty seconds. No answer. Despite his drastically out-of-sorts condition, Luke was beginning to feel the full intensity of what had just happened - and all of the guilt that came with it. With every second that passed, he became more frantic. What have I done?! He was not in love with Clarissa, and never in his right mind would he have kissed her. But that kiss had happened, and regardless of the state his mind had been in, it had looked the same. How would he ever, ever possibly justify this? How could he ever explain? He couldn't even explain it to himself. Luke hadn't had any alcohol - there hadn't been any there, despite the fact that many of the students were eighteen; the legal drinking age. He hadn't hit his head, and he didn't come to the ball sick. Was it food poisoning, from the dinner they'd had? In that case, wouldn't it be happening to Meghan, as well? She'd eaten the same thing. Could this kind of thing even be caused by food poisoning? Luke didn't know. All he knew was that there was something seriously wrong with him, and he had no way of ever proving that to Meghan. If he ever found her. He'd been running a while now, debating these horrific things, and had still caught no sight of Meghan. He was projecting his voice less and less with each call of her name, and his calls were now coming less often. Luke heard various shouts and yells from all different directions, coming from the people he kept almost running into. He was running out of breath, and losing what little focus he had. There wasn't a hint in his mind, however, of the true spectacle he was making out of himself, running around like a chicken with its head cut off. Then again, even if he did know what he looked like, he still wouldn't have cared. All he cared about was Meghan. This, however, didn't stop a random store owner from dashing out of a nearby store and into the streets, grabbing one of Luke's arms and dragging him into the store. This was done in an effort to get him away from the screaming people, and any possible paparazzi clowns that could be lurking nearby. Luke resisted this at first, yelling and trying to yank his arm back. But he stumbled, and was thrown into a dizzy frenzy of colors that swirled before his eyes. With this, he gave up. The store owner still had a grip on him, and pulled him toward the building and into the store without a further moment's delay. From there, he was led into a back room, where someone was setting up a cot at light speed. Luke was brought over to it, and told to lie down. Seeing no point in protesting and quickly losing consciousness besides, he did as he was told and collapsed onto the cot. Within a minute, he'd fallen into a deep sleep, as horrible, painful noises thrashed around in his mind. He didn't know where he was, or even if he would wake up, for he lacked enough conscious thought to mull over either one of these things. But the thought of waking up without Meghan made him want to sleep forever. Before, Meghan had run without any particular destination even touching the edge of her mind. Now, however, she'd thought of a place to aim for. It wouldn't be the Winthrops' - Luke might find her there. It couldn't be Dashwood Manor - no one was there, and she couldn't bear to face them if they were. But there was one place, Meghan thought, she might be able to find some solace. The park, behind Faye's house. Which was where she was now. Meghan fast-walked down the cement pathway, still crying wet tears. She couldn't believe it - it had happened again. Another Reynolds had been heartbroken. She came to a bench toward the middle of the park, and fell back into the seat, pressing her face into her hands. She continued to heave spasmatic, uneven breaths as she sobbed. It was now that everything she'd been through in the past two months hit her with an iron fist. Her many run-ins with Clarissa. Her fewer but worse run-ins with Alistair. The media frenzies. The near-expulsions. The closing of the restaurant. Near humiliation of her cousin and everyone else, courtesy of Faye. And to top it all off, the fact that she STILL hadn't told Daphne's father the truth. Meghan had no idea what was going on at that ball right now. No doubt, Clarissa was happy. She was willing to bet that Alistair was, too. But she had not the faintest clue what anyone else was feeling. If Meghan had been back at the ball right then, as some sort of unseen invisible being, she would have known exactly how they felt. She would've seen Ian storm away in anger for the traitor he'd discovered his friend to be. She would've seen Faye's friends, shaking their heads in disbelief and frustration at the sight of yet another win by Clarissa, this one monumental. She would've seen Clarissa herself, half-triumphant and half-confused, saunter off to the powder room, followed by her infamous groupies. She would've seen Jocelyn, utterly bewildered to the point of no return, stare blankly in shock as she sat, on the verge of tears. And she would've seen Jocelyn's flabbergasted son, seated nearby with his face in his hands and more empathy for Meghan than anyone else in the room. But Meghan knew of none of these things. All she felt was the pain that overtook her. How would she ever, ever trust anyone outside of her family ever again? Her trust had been mutilated. She gently rubbed her finger over a tear that had fallen on her dress, wiping it away. Again, Meghan was convinced - she'd never belonged in that dress. Maybe it would disappear at midnight. After many, many descriptions of Meghan's thoughts, by Meghan herself and by me, the omnipresent narrator, it may seem only obvious to at this particular point in the story to once again further outline her every grievous thought in excruciating detail. However, such a description shall this time be suspended beyond this point, due to special circumstances that include: dramatically elevated levels of emotion that seem beyond words, feelings that can be better described by further action rather than further thought, a need to proceed to other events, and cough, this writer's inadequacy to do Meghan's feelings justice, cough. Only this will be said: now, she had the whole picture. The whole picture of what her aunt felt. And she understood, she truly did. On that same dark night, at that very same time, a young girl with loose, messy braids wandered into the park, her hands crammed in her pockets. Like Meghan, she hoped to find peace, and something to occupy her shadowy thoughts. Faye, of course, hadn't attended the ball. She'd felt that she lacked the courage, and didn't have an interest in going. She'd wanted it once, believe it or not - she'd wanted the mingling with her friends, the sparkly dresses, the handsome Morris boys. But that had been a long time ago. Over a month. Faye was now a changed woman. Oh sure, her mother had protested. Even her father, to a point. They told her not to let the demise of the restaurant ruin a lovely night of much-deserved dancing and celebrating in the midst of her very last year at Jasperstone Academy. But they didn't know what had truly caused the closing of the Spoon, and they didn't know about what she'd done to Meghan, what a horrible person she was. Honestly, it had truly shocked Faye to first learn Meghan's secret. That this cousin of hers was the daughter of...Henry Dashwood?! Impossible! The two people concerned lived thousands of miles apart! But there had been a birth certificate, legal documentation. Somehow, the circumstances were true. Faye wasn't exactly sure why it had affected her so much. Meghan was a wonderful person, and Faye had loved having her around, right from the very start. But somehow, what she'd read had just wracked her entire body and shook her mind. She'd discovered, right after reading that document, just why Meghan had sought to remain under Clarissa's control. Maybe she'd been angered, at the idea that Meghan could bring Clarissa down in an instant, but never bothered. That she'd let the taunting go on and on, with Faye often at the wrong end of it. Or maybe it had just been the complete and utter surprise. It was a feeling Faye didn't experience too often. Or hadn't experienced, until Meghan came around. Either way, that white envelope had started Faye's downward spiral, and she'd only gone further down from there. The suspension, then the restaurant, then Clarissa's admittance to being behind it, accented by the constant taunting and Meghan's frequent romps with Mr. Brenshire, all contributed to the killing of Faye's spirit. Though in truth, her spiteful friends really hadn't helped, either. They were more focused on being against people than they were on trying to comfort those who were sad. Thus, Faye was still very, very sad. Not to mention possessing a guilty conscience. And right now, as she shuffled along in the dark, all she could wish was to have her life back. All seemed dreary now. It seemed most everyone in the world was as miserable as she was, for some reason or another. A bit of a cold breeze took up some loose wisps of Faye's hair as she glanced up at her surroundings. And to her surprise, she saw the very person she'd been thinking about, sitting on a bench, crying in her beautiful dress. Her back was turned. Faye stopped dead in her tracks. She wasn't quite sure what to do. The urge to go and comfort the girl arose, but was held back by some persistent twinge that told Faye, no, stay where you are. So, she stayed. Staring, at the girl who sobbed some distance away. And some time passed, seeming longer to Faye than it did to the rest of the world. Some seconds, a minute maybe. Then, he came. From another direction, a figure came trouncing. Immediately, Faye darted behind a tree and some brush - the way the man moved had set off an impulse. His steps were strong and determined. His face was cold and fierce. Faye peeked ever-so-slightly, watching the newcomer as he acted. She saw that he was headed straight for Meghan. A closer look. Her eyes went narrow and squinted. She saw that the man was Alistair Payne. The man's actions were swift. He'd soon grabbed Meghan's arm, growling at her as he did so. Faye saw the girl's head snap up in alarm, her face ridden with tears. A nearby lamp shone on her cream colored dress as it swished about in Meghan's mad attempt to wrench her arm free. \"Don't bother, girl! For I see it now. You are Elizabeth's niece, aren't you?!\" Alistair shouted maniacally to high heaven. Shock and anger overcame the struggling one, but she said nothing, only moaning and pulling harder away from him. But his grasp was like stone. And it only grew tighter. \"Let me go!\" \"You're coming with me. I've got a plane waiting! Aren't you happy?! You're going home!\" The man grabbed Meghan's other shoulder, gaining greater control as she continued to struggle. He took a step, pulling her in the same direction. Meghan screamed. \"S-settle down now. Time to make use of Lord Dashwood's private jet. Cheer up my dear. You're going fast, and in style. You should feel - honored...\" Meghan shrieked louder. This caused Alistair to slap a hand over her mouth, to muffle her voice. But Faye had already heard. \"Insolent child!\" Alistair shouted at Meghan. \"I will not have him knowing of that illegitimate thing your aunt has spawned!\" Slowly, Alistair worked to drag Meghan along, taking huge, firm steps. He growled other words in Meghan's ear that Faye couldn't make out, and these words seemed to make his hostage more cooperative. He was then able to lead her off, hand still plastered over her mouth, as if she were a hardened criminal who'd just been arrested. And then, only Faye was left. To decide what next should happen. She decided. Faye looked around at the trees, at the glowing lamps, at the bench from which someone had just been kidnapped. She looked down at the ground, rubbing her forehead. She took a deep breath. And then, she acted. Hope those were interesting chapters...and don't fret. I'm NOT going to drag things out again like you may think. The story does eventually end, though not for awhile. There's plenty left, but things are definitely shifting now. Secrets will be revealed. As for Meg and Luke...well, you'll just have to see where I take them. Hope you're not too sad. Who knows? Maybe you're all shipping for Meghan/Anthony or Meghan/John or dare I say it? Meghan/Armistead?! Only if you ARE shipping for those couples...well, don't get your hopes up. :P And don't even THINK about Meghan/Ian. NEVER!! BLASPHEMY!! Next two soon - I MEAN IT, some is already written - and I promise some comedic relief. I need some myself. -rf-[Chapter 56] SURPRISE!! I'm back! Ha, yeah, I saw you walking by this really big pine tree! Bet you didn't expect me to jump out from behind it! BLAAHHHHH!! :D And I jump out wielding two new chapters! trust me, you'll get over your anger for my startling you pretty quick. Cuz this here's some juicy stuff. Ooh, I'm excited for these reactions... Thanks again to all who reviewed! I replied to everybody! Hope my replies were entertaining. :) Christine Writer, have that net ready! And has your friend got the goods? We're taking Alistair down! No one could see in, through the deeply tinted windows - but Meghan could see out. Out at the bright lights of London, as they sped by. And with deep remorse, she was taking those lights in - it could very well be the last time she'd ever see them. Meghan's eyes were, therefore, fixated on looking out the window, her head turned determinedly away from the individual sitting next to her. It was hard to believe that instead of enjoying the dance with Luke by her side, she was on her way to a small airport, where a plane was waiting to take her back to New York. And who had arranged this, and was not to mention seated right near her, giving her the evil eye at that very moment? Why, it was none other than Alistair, who'd sent an American away once before and whom obviously wasn't afraid to do it again. It was extremely hard to keep the tears from running down her face, to keep from giving Alistair that satisfaction. Meghan was close to just throwing pride to the wind, and giving in - after all, she'd lost everything else. But still, she held back. The pain of leaving London was immense, as was the pain of Luke's betrayal. But worst of all was that now, she'd have to look Daphne in the eyes and tell her that she'd failed. That she'd broken her promise. And Meghan would be blaming herself for Daphne's pain for the rest of her life. However...there was one other person who could share the blame. And as Meghan slowly felt the pull of anger joining her sadness, growing ever intense and gripping her thoughts, she realized something. This was her chance. She had nothing to lose. Alistair was sitting right next to her, and he had nowhere to go until she was strapped inside that plane. And if she left with nothing else, she would leave with the satisfaction of having spoken, having taken a stand against this monster. For whatever it was worth, she was going to let him know the pain he'd caused. Right now. \"Why?\" she said simply, using all of her resolve to turn and face him. She gritted her teeth inside her mouth. Alistair seemed confused. \"Why what?\" \"Why are you so evil?\" He seemed to ponder this. \"I'm afraid I don't quite follow.\" \"No. Don't give me that crap. You very well know what I'm talking about.\" He stared, indifferent. \"Then pray tell, Miss Reynolds - what exactly have I done that is so...evil, as you put it?\" \"That's how I put it because that's what it is!\" she snarled. \"YOU are the one who tortured my aunt. YOU are the one who made her heart break, and caused her to break someone else's. And YOU are the one who is forcing an innocent girl to live in misery!\" \"Hmph.\" Alistair huffed. \"I hardly call you innocent. \" \"I'm not talking about me.\" Meghan replied, her voice low and furious. \"I'm talking about Daphne.\" A pause. \"Who the devil is - oh, yes. Quite right.\" \"THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY?!\" Alistair glared. \"You will not speak to me in that tone.\" \"The hell I won't. I don't care what you do to me. If it concerns my cousin, I'll sass however I feel like, however much I feel like, to whosoever I feel like sassing to!\" \"Your sassing is digging yourself a very deep grave.\" \"Throw me in the grave. Bury me in manure. At this point, I really don't care. But who will be mourning when your reign of terror comes crashing down?\" \"I warn you, Miss Reynolds - just as I warned you in the park. Tread further, and you'll be filled with deep regret, as you watch your entire family go down in the flames of shameful exploitation. It would be very responsible of you not to say even one more word.\" A chord was struck in Meghan's mind, at the word \"responsible\". \"So I need you to promise something. Promise us you'll be responsible, in everything you do.\" \"I promise, Aunt Libby.\" And Meghan faltered. She'd been more than ready to spit out another smoldering insult, but maybe...maybe it just wasn't worth it. At least there'd be one promise she hadn't broken. Meghan's eyes went back to the window, as tears pooled up inside them. Alistair, among so many other things, had her in bondage...it just couldn't be. She couldn't be leaving now. It couldn't be. No! But it was. And the pain of it was killing her. Only once before...only once before had she ever felt this unbearably low. The car pulled to a stop, further cementing the grim reality. A longer distance, a few more miles - was that too much to ask for? Apparently so. The driver killed the engine and stepped out of the car, shuffling to Meghan's door. But he didn't open it yet. \"Someone will be sent to your host family to tell them the news, and to retrieve your possessions. Those residing there will be told that unfortunately, a family emergency has arisen and that, with deep regret, you were forced to fly back to New York to be in their presence. The school will be informed of the same circumstance. And be assured, Miss Reynolds, that any threats made earlier will still remain valid, should any word somehow reach England of the events that took place this night.\" With this, Alistair reached into the pocket of his coat. \"I believe this is yours.\" he stated, plunking the locket, still open, in Meghan's hand. \"And in closing, I can only say, good luck to you. It was lovely to make your acquaintance. Farewell.\" He signaled to the driver who stood outside, and Meghan's door opened. She stepped out to be greeted with the sight of a small jet plane, ready and waiting for her to board. Bright lights on the runway and the side of the plane shone in the dark, cold night. The wind kicked up her hair, as it had before, but conveyed a different feeling as it did so. Before, it had meant adventure. Now, it meant that the country was rejecting her, trying to blow her away. But it wouldn't have to do so. Slowly, Meghan made her way over to the plane, gripping the locket tightly and hugging her cold shoulders. This was it, it was happening, and here was the proof. She had been so close, but now, it was over. Mounting the small rollaway steps that would take her up into the aircraft, Meghan took one last look. Her last look at London - and it was just a barren runway. But it would have to do. She said a silent goodbye, and turned away. And after a few deliberate steps upward, she was inside, and out of the horrid man's sight. There was no longer a reason to hold back. Meghan took her release, falling backwards into a heavily cushioned seat. And down came her tears. Faye hadn't felt this much energy blaze through her in quite a long time. And where was she now? At the family home, having just burst in the door. She rushed into the sitting room, where her mother sat reading a book. Emma looked up, slightly alarmed at Faye's manner of approach. \"Faye...dearie, what's wrong?\" \"I need you to drive me to Everston Mansion.\" A confused look swept over Emma's face. \"To the ball? Now? \" \"Yes, but I'm not going there to dance.\" \"Faye, I'm afraid that is out of the question.\" The girl was frozen for a moment. \"Mother, I'm sorry, but it is imperative that I be at that mansion within the next fifteen minutes. It's an emergency -\" \"Well, then, tell me what your emergency is, and I just might consider it.\" Again, Faye was struck unsure. \"Something's happened to Meghan. I can't tell you anything else. Please, Mum, take me before it's too late!\" Mrs. Winthrop was very befuddled as to how Faye's going to the mansion had anything to do with helping Meghan. But she decided to submit to trusting her daughter this time, without more information, just this once. After all, some good must come out of it - she hadn't seen Faye this animated in over a month. \"Aye, Faye, get in the car.\" They sped as fast as legally possible, blazing down the London streets that led to the dance of the year. It took longer than Faye would've liked for them to finally pull up in front of the huge, ornate building, parking behind a dormant news van. Faye had her seatbelt off and was opening the door before the car had even completely stopped. She stepped outside immediately, not without protest from her mother, and dashed around the van and through the huge gates. Now, if Faye had been back to her normal, cheery, fashion-conscious self, she would've been a little more concerned about the prospect of running past a bunch of cameramen, and then into a fancy ball, dressed in only a t-shirt and pants with a brown coat and messy braided hair. But for now, she'd leave her embarrassment on the back burner. Much to the bewilderment of everyone who saw her, she rushed inside the palace with determination. She wasn't ABOUT to let Meghan down again. Henry's face was glued to the palms of his hands, still jilted profusely at having just witnessed Meghan's heart breaking. He was amazed at how much it bothered him - it was quite clear to him now: he'd truly cared about her. The thing was, however - he'd also cared about Luke, to an extent. And Luke had been the last person he'd ever expected would succumb to such betrayal and cruelty. And with Clarissa, nonetheless! (And she was to be his stepdaughter?! ) Officially and in the eyes of the public, Henry's \"close friend\" bearing the surname Brenshire was Lucas' father, Lord Matthew. But actually, that couldn't have been farther from the truth. The man was a drunkard! And Henry had felt more of a closeness to Luke than to anyone in the Brenshire family - he'd felt rather like an uncle to him. This being despite the fact that for generations, Dashwood fathers had been friends with Brenshire fathers, and the same arrangement was made for their sons. But then, Henry didn't have a son. And he'd never been that close to Matthew anyway - the chap had always been sort of snobbish. Therefore, he'd later been better acquainted with Luke, who'd seemed a bit like a younger version of himself. Open-minded...gentle but angsty...a bit rebellious of his way of life...the similarities were undeniable. But this! For the boy to just turn on Meghan, after pining after her for so much and to such a high degree, then later showing what had in every way looked to be genuine affection?! Henry could hardly bear the thought. She was such a lovely girl! And to receive this kind of treatment...why, he could think of no one less deserving of such wretched foolishness on the part of someone who supposedly loved her. The girl had been stabbed in the back, quite truthfully. And all because she dared to break the social boundaries and fall in love with an individual who would traditionally be out of her reach due to his status. She'd dared to love someone who'd traditionally be expected to ignore her. Such an offense was this! Oh, the sheer indecency! And it had been Meghan who'd had reservations in the first place. But she'd eventually let her guard down and trusted the lad - for THIS?! Oh, how it angered and disappointed Henry. It seemed that because she was of a lower class, and heaven forbid, American, she was considered vermin and had no emotion. No feelings that could be hurt so tremendously by the rejection of her aristocratic love. Oh no. Sod it. No. He'd gone there again. His throat tightened as he looked up, trying to clear his head - Only to see a strange blonde girl rushing toward him. But it was a distraction, at least. Or so he thought. The girl, who was by no means dressed for a ball, stopped when she reached him, trying to catch her breath. He watched her for a few seconds as she bent over, huffing, before she finally stood up straight as a rod and started to speak. \"I hope that you'll pardon me, Your Lordship.\" she began. \"My name is Faye Winthrop, and I'm afraid I have some very urgent news that bears your concern.\" Though perplexed, Henry gave her his full attention. \"Pleasure to meet you...Miss Winthrop.\" he said politely, holding out his hand in greeting. She took it briefly and seemed to blush a little before going on. \"And you as well. However, I feel it is extremely necessary to bring this matter to your attention. It concerns someone to whom I am a host sister. An American exchange student named Meghan Reynolds.\" At this, Henry nodded, trying to conceal emotion in the businesslike manner he'd grown used to taking on. \"Yes, I've met the girl and am familiar with her. Is she faring well?\" The grave look on the stranger's face grew worse. \"Actually, I'm afraid not. I only just witnessed her being dragged off, by a man who has the intention of putting her on one of your planes, setting it for New York.\" Henry was dumbfounded at this, and half of him felt inclined to take this as some sort of joke. \"Erm...Miss, I don't think I understood you correctly.\" The girl's face remained serious. \"Sir, I realize this may seem hard to believe, but what I am saying is quite true. And the man who ambushed her was quite adamant that you , specifically, were to remain uninformed of the situation. Furthermore, the man I speak of was none other than Alistair Payne.\" The disbelief that Henry had possessed before only grew now. \"I'm sorry, Miss Winthrop, but what you are saying is absurd.\" \"But you must believe me!\" the flustered teenager cried, stealing a glance at Jocelyn, who sat behind her son watching the entire thing. The woman seemed to be studying her. Faye turned back to Henry, and made a decision. \"Your advisor kidnapped Meghan because he didn't want you to know the truth about her.\" she stated. Henry's interest began to wander back, though only slightly. \"What?\" \"Your Lordship, what I am saying is true. There is something about Meghan that Mr. Payne is doing everything in his power to conceal from you.\" The Englishman looked at her, incredulously. \"Alistair Wellington Payne is a trusted employee of mine, and has been for years. I'm afraid you must be very mistaken, and should therefore take your case elsewhere, for I myself am not having the best of nights.\" \"Please, sir. You must listen. Meghan is at this very moment being put on your private jet, and it will take her out of England.\" \"There is no one in this country that would have any reason to take Miss Reynolds, nor to send her away, nor to conceal the entire matter from myself. I am not in any way a part of her personal life. Now, I think the wisest thing for you to do would be to - \" \"Are you familiar with a woman named Elizabeth Anne Reynolds?\" Henry stopped dead midsentence. He was now frozen in his gaze upon Faye, who herself was already faltering. \"I - I'm sorry, I hope you will pardon my asking so.\" She still received no response. Silence hung in the air as Faye grew ever more anxious. Once more, she pressed forward. \"I did not mean to be rude. But you might like to know - the woman I just mentioned...she is Meghan's aunt.\" For a good thirty seconds more, the blonde girl and the brown-haired aristocrat stared at each other, neither one able to say a word. Henry's eyes were frozen and dumbstruck, while Faye's were pleading and slightly fearful. And then, decisively, Henry gave Faye a quick, stiff nod of comprehension. He seemed a bit sheepish as he took out his cellular phone. \"Yes...George? C-Can you...give me the current status of...the jets, please?\"[Chapter 57] So here I was. At Farrell's, the local grocery store in Chinatown. That's right. Not everything in Chinatown is owned by Chinese people or has a Chinese name. Hopefully, you already knew that. Me, I was confused. See, I was walking around in the produce section, carrying one of those little baskets, along with a list from my mom. Looking in the basket, I saw that I had already obtained a jar of mayonnaise, some yogurt, and a TV Dinner. According to the list, I now only needed bananas, marshmallow fluff, detergent, tea cookies, and a pack of Slim Fast. But you see, no one in my family even drinks Slim Fast. Or ever would. Anyway, I was pretty sure I would find bananas in the produce section. I was wondering what my mom planned to do with them, along with the mayo, the yogurt, and the fluff. Whatever it was, it sounded nauseating. For some reason, I couldn't find them. Maybe it was too early in the year for them...or too late in the year...but...didn't they always have bananas? I mean, don't they just raise the price if they're out of season? Are bananas ever out of season? Can bananas maybe be synthetically created when they are? I wouldn't be surprised. Why was I thinking so deeply about this? And then, I saw someone over near the watermelon bin, knocking on each watermelon to test their freshness or ripeness or whatever. It was Henry Dashwood! It was weird how easily and clearly I recognized him, considering I'd only seen him once. On TV. For about sixty seconds. Hey - how did he know that trick with the watermelons? Suddenly, he looked up, and saw me. He smiled a little bit. \"Excuse me, Miss.\" he said. \"Would you mind coming over here and listening to a few of these? I'm trying to find the hollowest one.\" \"Okay.\" I said, walking over to him. This was nice. Although I wasn't what I'd call a great watermelon judge. I listened as he knocked on a few different ones. He seemed to be in deep concentration. \"I'm thinking this one would be best.\" he said, demonstrating once more how \"hollow\" that one was. \"Then you should get it.\" I told him with a smile. See? I always knew it would be easy to talk to him. He grinned, grabbed the watermelon, and dropped it into his cart. This made a loud noise. \"Should I get another one?\" Henry quipped. He began to rub his chin. We both stood there for a minute as he pondered whether or not he should get another one. \"Libby Reynolds is my aunt.\" I told him. His eyes drifted from the watermelons and focused on me. A thoughtful look came over his face. \"Is that so?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well. That's quite a thing, isn't it? How is she these days?\" \"She still loves you.\" \"Really. My, that's lovely. What now then. Oh! Why, I saw some exquisite jewelry at the front of the store. What say we buy her some?\" \"Uh, they don't sell jewelry here.\" I said. Why on Earth would they sell jewelry in a grocery store? Geez. \"Oh. Bother. Well, never mind that. I'll just give her some of my watermelon.\" \"Aunt Libby hates watermelon.\" \"DAPHNE!!\" I heard, out of nowhere. What? Daphne was here? I looked around for the person who called her name. \"Hey, DAPHNE!\" I heard again. I looked up to see a girl perched on top of a ladder, stacking cans of chili into a huge pyramid. And...hey, wait a minute...the girl looked and sounded a lot like...me! \"Look at me, Daphne! Look how high I am!\" the girl called, looking straight down at me. What?! Why was she calling me Daphne? Why was I down here, and yet, up there? Why was I wearing Daphne's fuzzy orange sweater? WHY WAS THERE CHILI IN THE PRODUCE SECTION?! \"Oh, so your name is Daphne?\" Henry asked. \"Nice to meet you, Daphne!\" \"My name isn't Daphne! It's Meghan!\" \"YOU'RE FIRED!\" came a loud, feminine voice. Jocelyn Dashwood immediately exploded out of a pile of oranges, decked out in a New York Giants jersey and waving a pennant of the same team, her other hand covered by a foam finger. \"Ha, I love that guy Ronald Rump.\" \"Rump\" had been the only thing she'd said that sounded remotely British, as the entire extent of her outburst had been in a Brooklyn-style accent. \"Lady Dashwood?\" I said, startled. Wait, how did I know who this person was, anyway? After all, I'd never seen her before. \"Daphne! Grandbaby! C'mere! Give Grammy D a hug.\" Grammy D? That sounded kinda like a McDonald's burger. Like, Come try our new 99 cent Grammy D! Made fresh to order with or without the bun! \"I'm not Daphne! She is!\" pointing to the other me, stationed at the top of Mount Beans and Meat. Sure enough, the Meghan clone had been replaced by Daphne, who continued to gingerly stack cans onto the precarious pyramid. \"I should think a nap would be in order right about now.\" Henry muttered at random. \"Eh! Can someone help me outta this pile'a oranges?\" Jocelyn inquired, now sounding as if she came from Staten Island. I helped her out of the pile of oranges. \"That's better.\" she said, dusting herself off as she stood. \"Are we goin' to the game, or what?\" \"Ooh, I wanna go, Grandma!\" Daphne shouted from above. \"'Course you can go, sweetie. But why'dja call me Grandma?\" \"'Cuz you're my grandma.\" \"WHAT?!\" Jocelyn turned to face me. \"Who're YOU, then?\" \"My name would be Meghan, for the millionth time.\" I told her. \"Or at least, I think the millionth time. But I haven't been counting.\" \"Excuse me.\" came yet another voice. It was Ian, pushing one of those wide mop thingies. He wanted to mop where we were standing, seemingly oblivious to the myriad of oranges that had fallen everywhere. \"Hey, you're hot.\" Daphne told him from her perch. \"Thanks, so are you.\" he replied. \"I said, EXCUSE ME!\" \"Where are all these British people coming from?\" Henry asked me. \"It's as if, they're like, taking over the country or something.\" \"What did you just say, pal?\" Ian challenged him, with an edge in his voice. By the way, who was this Ian person, anyway? \"Wanker!\" \"So are you!\" \"I feel like a microwave burrito.\" commented Daphne. She began to dismount the ladder, almost toppling the mass of chili in the process. \"So what y'all are meanin' to say is, yer not my grandbaby, and yer just a dirty liar who's been foolin' me all along?\" Jocelyn asked me, in full-on Texas drawl. \"Uh...\" I suddenly heard the sound of someone crying. I turned to see that it was Aunt Libby, sobbing over a sack of potatoes that'd been torn open. She seemed positively devastated as she cradled a potato in her hand. Faye, whose very existence I knew nothing about, was crying with her. \"That's rot.\" Ian surmised, staring at them. \"You're dang right it's rot! My aunt's crying, you idiot!\" \"No, I mean, the potato. It's rotten.\" \"Well, seein' as she's a dirty liar, I reckon we all form an angry mob and surround her, and then, we beat her with sticks.\" \"I reckon so.\" Daphne giggled. \"Go Grandma!\" \"Darn right.\" \"Daphne!\" I cried, on the verge of tears. \"You can't mean that!\" \"Dirty liar! Dirty liar!\" Jocelyn began chanting. \"No! I'm not a liar!\" I shouted. Why was she calling me a liar? I'd never even met the woman! \"Dirty liar! Dirty liar!\" Ian and Henry barked with Jocelyn. Faye and Aunt Libby, apparently just now noticing the goings-on behind them, turned cold, desolate eyes on me. Then, Faye broke away, and joined everyone else, going from despair to anger in three seconds. \"Liar! Liar!\" Daphne, who'd just gotten to the ground, was the last to join the chant. \"Daphne.\" I pleaded. \"Please. Don't do this.\" She didn't seem to hear. Daphne, along with Sports Fanatic Jocelyn, Ian the Janitor, and Henry the Watermelon Monger turned Homeland Security Advisor, grabbed a flaming torch out of nowhere, proceeding to set the avocados on fire for no particular reason. Then the whole lot of them, with their flaming torches and flaming foam finger, all started a slow advance toward me, chanting all the while. Everyone else in the store dropped whatever it was they were doing and got in on the action, shouting in unison with everyone else. Wait - was that Mr. Therman, getting ready to chuck a cantaloupe at me? And who was that with him...a caveman? From one of those car insurance commercials? Okay, that was just wrong . I'd always supported cavemen. And now, they were turning against me. I turned to the one remaining person, Aunt Libby. She only continued to stare up at me, forlorn, clutching the potato in her hands. But something told me it wasn't about the potato at all. It was me. Somehow, I was the one who had made Aunt Libby cry. And now, I wanted to cry. I turned back to the angry mob, which I was now backing away from. They'd come a lot closer during the few seconds I'd turned to my aunt. Mr. Therman threw the cantaloupe - and I ducked, causing it to hit the broccoli behind me. Then, I ran. As fast as I could, I ran away from the mob and out of the produce section - only to find that there was a long stretch of store ahead of me that I'd have to tackle before I reached the door. And what was this - a jewelry section toward the front? So Henry had been right. How had I not noticed that, all these many years? I began my sprint for the door. At about the halfway point, I saw Jewel. She began to run with me. \"Whatchu runnin' from?\" she asked. \"Them.\" I said, pointing behind me at the angry mob that was hot on my trail. \"Oh. Okay then. It's funny seein' you here. I thought you were in England.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Every time I looked at Jewel, the mob seemed to get closer, though I never slowed my run. \"Your trip, remember? Snaps Meghan, you been smokin' somethin?\" \"I think I have been, Jewel.\" \"Awright then. I catch you later ma.\" \"Later...\" Jewel stopped where she was, while I kept running. I immediately found myself about twenty feet ahead of her. It was like watching myself pass something out of the back window of a car, on a fast-moving highway. I was approaching the doors. I stole one last glance at the crowd that pursued me. Daphne was at the forefront, and her face...it was furious. Apparently, her thoughts of processed Mexican food were long gone, because this wasn't a game anymore. Her face was the angriest I'd ever, ever seen it. She screamed with the rest of the group, her voice conveying a hot desire for revenge. Her eyes flamed like the torch she wielded as she kept up her poisoned glare. The glare that was directed straight at me. Daphne wanted me dead. And that made me want to just fall to the ground, and let them overtake me. But for some reason, I didn't do that. I kept going, and almost bashed into the automatic doors that only just managed to slide open as I blazed through. There was a giant swimming pool just outside. I jumped...and seemed to go about ten times higher than I'd ever gone before. And as I started to come down, my stomach lurched - kind of like it does on roller coasters - and my fall was incredibly slow. In midair, I willed myself to go faster, terrified of being hit with a torch or a cantaloupe once those behind me came flooding out. I stared down at the calm, gently moving turquoise substance below me, reaching for it with all that I had. Every inch of my body screamed for the cool, healing safety of the water. And finally, I crashed through. Every sound disappeared as I tumbled slowly into the swirling depth. I watched the white aggravation of the water as it sizzled around my legs. I closed my eyes and relished the serene, soothing feeling that overtook me. Discovering a miraculous ability to breathe underwater, I took in a huge, cleansing breath - and instantly, my lungs and chest were filled with the cool sensation. Somehow, in that grocery store, I'd lost most everything I'd ever cared about. But everything would be alright, as long as I just drifted here, without a care in the world, all the days of my life. Vaguely, I heard something through the water. I opened my eyes and turned on my back, gazing calmly at the surface far above. I watched as two people, a teenaged boy and girl, came into the water. The boy was brown-haired. The girl was blonde. Unlike me, the two began to tread water at the summit, rather than releasing all stresses they carried to sink to the land below. Though I was fully clothed - oddly, in a dress of some sort - the two above me were appropriately dressed for the pool, one in trunks, the other in bikini. I watched as a high-heeled shoe I'd been wearing slipped off of my foot and drifted to the top, the other one following shortly after. My hair swirled around my face, threatening to block my view of the couple. I waved my hand in front of my eyes to wipe it away. The boy and girl seemed to be playing a cute little game, splashing and kicking each other near the edge of the pool. Then, the boy grabbed the edge with one hand and took in the girl with the other. Their legs entangled as they came together, seemingly lost in passionate love. Then their faces started for each other...their lips connected...and suddenly... He was Luke. She was Clarissa. And I was drowning. All of my memory hit my head like a semi-truck. I knew him. I knew her. I knew it all. And I took in a breath - but nothing came. I gasped. Panic over swept me as I desperately cried out for air. I heard my scream, muffled by the depth of the water. I was dying, under the feet of the one I loved. And then, I heard a voice. \"Meghan.\" It's was a man's voice, and it was incredibly familiar. But the identity of the one who possessed it was the one thing in my memory that eluded me. I saw a hand reach out and touch my chest, just below my neck. \"Breathe.\" I heard him say. I did. And as I started to take in slow, even breaths, he took his hand away. I couldn't see him, and I didn't know who he was, but I told him not to leave me. I shut my eyes, not bearing to see Luke kiss Clarissa. \"You've got this, Meg.\" was what he said. \"Go face it.\" That was all. \"Are you crazy?!\" I shouted at him, hearing myself loud and clear. But I got no response. I opened my eyes, still facing the surface... And they were looking straight down at me. Luke was empty. Clarissa was indifferent. And they were both frozen in their stares. I stared back as I lay far beneath them, still breathing in, and breathing out. They were there. I was here. And no one moved. We only gazed at each other as a strange sound began to weave into my mind. The crackling of a radio. Someone's voice. Still I stared at Luke and Clarissa, until the crackling escalated to a blare I couldn't stand. I shut my eyes. And when I opened them, I found myself lying in an airplane seat. My heels were on my feet, and my dress was bone dry. And we were on the ground. Wow. It was impossible for me to believe that already, I was back in New York. I began to regret my sleeping through the whole trip. I mean, not that I was missing much, besides ocean - but if I'd been awake, maybe I would've felt like I'd come more of a distance. Maybe the fact that I HAD been in London would've seemed more real. Or maybe I was just shaken by the fact that everything was happening so fast. I could think of nothing else to do but to take off my seatbelt and wander to the window. Outside, it was dark and barren, and I didn't even try to guess what time it was. or whether I gone to the past or to the future. I didn't really care. It had been the worst night of my life, and it wasn't over yet. All the shame and hurt was flooding back to where it had momentarily left me in the \"sanctuary\" of sleep. I knew that I'd have to call my family as soon as I stepped off the plane and found a phone - and for some reason, it felt strange to me to think that this time, I wouldn't have to dial collect. And oh! The guilt I would have to face. The depression. Such apprehension was hard to bear. Welcome back, Meghan. To the land where everyone is free and brave - except you. My feet ached as I stepped away from the window, turning to face a uniformed man who had just come into my cabin. He motioned for me to follow him, and lead me to a door on the opposite side of the small plane. Without a word, he opened it, and held it aside for me to step through. How very polite of him. So sad that he aided an evil rat. Nothing held me inside the plane - I had by now accepted the unfortunate circumstances, and was ready to breathe in that fresh, smoggy New York air, which I hoped would make me feel a little better. I took a step down, out of the small aircraft. My shock at the sight that met me was immense. There stood a tall, brown-haired man in a long, khaki trench coat. He was positioned next to a shiny black car, near an open door that led into a roomy, leathery back seat. His hands were in his pockets as he gazed slightly upwards. \"Good evening, Meghan.\" my cousin's father said with a tentative smile. I took another step down. \"Lord Dashwood?\" I squeaked, still vastly out of sorts. \"You came to New York too?\" The man chuckled. \"You're in England, love.\" he told me. I took another step, another, another, until I found myself standing on the asphalt ground. Slowly, a cautious joy was weaving its way through my mind and body, as a brighter reality registered in my awareness. I came forward and threw my arms around the guy before I could change my mind, and with his returning the gesture, we stood there, though a little stiffly, for a few brief seconds. Then we released, and he gestured for me to step on into the car. As I did so, I noticed a new kind of look in his eyes that I'd never seen before. It was genuinely a look of compassion and sincerity. It was also, I noticed, a look of knowing. Hehe. Hoped they were to your liking. Thought you'd like a little dose of comedy...was it LOL or did it fall flat? You be the judge! As always, PLEASE review!! I WILL respond! And reviews are a big part of why I keep going with this thing! And I haven't said this in awhile, but...nothing or no one in this story that you recognize from the original movie belong to me. Also, most of the chinese food doesn't belong to me either. But have some anyway. :) -rf-[Chapter 58] Finally, I've finished these. / I will say that big stuff happens here. But I'm sure you're in no mood for my blathering, so I'll get right to it. Tremendous thanks again to all who reviewed. :) Hope these will deliver. Tears brimmed in Meghan's eyes as she watched Henry slide into his seat and close the door behind him.To have been rescued like this after all she'd been through, by this man, of all people - it was unbelievable. She knew it, and was feeling the most desperate kind of relief - but even so, in her current state, it was impossible to be truly happy. Her companion was a bit shaken and out of sorts, it seemed, and she could tell he'd been drinking a lot of coffee. But he also seemed somewhat relieved, and Meghan was surprised to hear him immediately begin to speak. \"Well, first off.\" he began. \"The obvious question is, are you alright, Meghan?\" She nodded, though a part of her told her that such a nod would fail even the most primitive polygraph. \"You can only imagine my shock, Meghan,\" Henry said, \"to hear that you had been kidnapped by a certain employee of mine. It was so very outlandish that at first I couldn't believe it. But I shall tell you long ahead of time - you owe your friend Faye a great amount of thanks, for it was she who was able to persuade me.\" Hearing this came not without its share of surprise. \"Faye?\" Meghan stammered, pleasantly in shock. \" She was the one who told you?\" Her mind was reeling as to how Faye possibly could've known. \"Indeed she was.\" he confirmed. \"But as I said, I did not believe the poor girl at first. I thought she was positively mad. I must say, however, that mad or not, you have a wonderful friend in her. I can tell that she holds you in high regard.\" Meghan stared into space for a few moments, in newfound admiration for someone who was currently not in her prescence. \"What was most strange, to me, is that the culprit your friend had first named was none other than my advisor, Mr. Payne. That was quickly proved false, however - the real man was pinpointed, admitted to the incident, and was apprehended immediately. Though I can understand Miss Winthrop's mistake - he bears a striking resemblance to my quickly balding friend.\" Wait, what? Henry was rambling, but if Meghan wasn't mistaken, she was sure she had just heard him say that Alistair was... \"Innocent. You're so completely and utterly innocent...I could not for the life of me comprehend why anyone would possibly have any motive toward kidnapping you. But the man was quite mad, everyone could tell. Insane. Out of his mind.\" Meghan couldn't believe it. Amazingly, Alistair had still been able to twist things in his favor. And though Meghan herself was the actual victim, she was being given no voice whatsoever. And she knew not what dangers would present themselves by her speaking up. Really, she wasn't sure what anything was at all, at this point. \"This world is quite a strange one, isn't it?\" gathered Henry, glancing out the window. Meghan jerked her head toward him, starlted by the quick change of subject. She found this a bit random, harkening back to her dream in some creepy way. But, feeling that her mind was in shackles, she replied simply: \"Yes. Yes it is.\" There was a pause for a few moments as Henry continued to stare out the window. \"Also,\" he continued, \"I find that this world is not only very strange, but also becoming increasingly small.\" An even more peculiar feeling began to come over Meghan. She wasn't exactly sure what he was meaning by this. \"I suppose.\" \"Yes. And oh! Without the telephone! Without the pen and the paper, without any form of communication! It simply amazes me.\" Meghan only studied him. \"Me...too.\" she managed to say. Henry looked at her. \"Am I confusing you, Meghan?\" he asked. \"Just a little.\" \"Well then. Maybe I should explain the method to my madness. Although you must forgive me, as I find myself most reluctant to do so.\" Meghan never averted her eyes. \"You see, I was, in fact, positively gobsmacked at the idea that you being kidnapped by some disgruntled individual and being put on a plane to New York. Furthermore, I was extremely perplexed as to why I had anything to do with the situation. I simply saw no reason whatsoever, nothing made any sense. Do you have an idea where I may be going with this, Meghan?\" She had no defining answer. \"Keep going.\" she replied. \"And thus I come to the most difficult part. For as unbelievable as the events taking place actually were, it was the reason that made me take listen, and it was just that which at the time astounded me most of all. It was something that even made me believe, if only for a short time, that it actually could have been Alistair Payne who so savagely grabbed you.\" Meghan saw his words before they came. \"You truly must be good, true friends with Miss Faye, as she has somehow acquired the knowledge of your being related to an old friend of mine. Libby Reynolds. Your aunt.\" She wasn't sure what to feel. The long-awaited moment had finally come. Should she feel satisfaction? Pride? Shame? It was all just too complicated. Her feelings were a mess that she surmised would be impossible to organize again. If they ever had been...well, organized. She began to think that she may not have ever even woken up - the drowsiness combined with this insane reality was beginning to frighten her. All she knew to do was to keep watching the man, waiting for him to say something more. Unfortunately, what he said next was a question. \"Now, Meghan, I'm going to ask you - what I have just described for you, this relationship...is it true and correct?\" Meghan felt her throat tighten as she looked at him. Once and for all, she decided, she was going to face this. \"Yes.\" What Henry did next surprised her. He did not scold her for holding this secret to herself, nor did he stew in silent disgust. What he did do was give Meghan a half-smile, before turning to face straight ahead. \"I must say, this is truly unbelievable. I know not how much your aunt has told you, but judging by your discretion on the matter, I'm guessing it was quite a lot. You may already know that my old friend and I were once very much in love.\" \"I know.\" \"I met her in the strangest of all places...\" \"Morocco.\" \"It was quite a long time ago...\" \"1986.\" Henry turned to look at Meghan intently, with a bit of surprise showing in his face. \"My, she has told you a lot, hasn't she? And to think - you've known all of this, for the entire time you've been acquainted with me!\" Meghan's hands shook as she fiddled with her flower necklace. \"My aunt Libby and I are very close.\" she stammered, deeming that as being the best thing to say. Henry half-smiled again. \"Well then, in that case, may I divulge something else to you?\" Meghan could only nod. \"You see, Meghan, though you probably haven't been aware of it, I have been pondering you to no end ever since first hearing word of your arrival. Do you know why that is?\" She forced herself to give him the truth. \"I might.\" \"Well, I will tell you. Now, I presume you are more than old enough to understand this in a mature way - I am not trying to repulse you. But seeing as you yourself are at the age of exactly seventeen...let me repeat that we did in fact love each other very much...\" He was beginning to show discomfort. \"I understand. Go on.\" Meghan told him. \"Right. Well, seeing as you were that very age, and American, and in possession of an uncanny likeness to the woman I knew once - have I mentioned that? It is very true. And you see, for a short while, I actually thought that maybe...possibly...I might have...\" Meghan looked away again as yet another thought registered in her mind. \"But now, of course, I see that I have been proven false. I'm quite sure that your mother is a lovely woman, and also quite sure that we have never met. Now, you must surely see where my point comes in. About the world being so small.\" Meghan looked at him again. \"Yes, I see.\" \"You will kindly give your aunt my regards when you return to America, won't you?\" he asked. \"I will.\" The two then took to looking out of their respective windows, staring in opposite directions. Meghan's mind twisted and turned, throbbing with all that had taken place, thankful that there were good people in this world like Faye and this man. Despite the sinking feeling she felt that the misery was far from being completely over, her mind began to form a hope that maybe, at least for awhile, there would be some solace. But would there be honesty? She looked to her companion, and watched as he rubbed his chin, staring out at the speeding scenery. He was obviously lost in thought. Then and there, Meghan knew. Henry had wanted to say much, much more - this \"old friend\" business wasn't as trivial and insignificant to him as he made it out to be. Libby had meant something to him, and very likely still did. He was going to marry Glynnis, it was true. But he hadn't forgotten his lost love - and he didn't want to forget. Meghan could no longer leave things unfinished, unsaid. This was the chance she thought she'd never have again. She had her aunt's permission. And she had the very person she'd needed to talk to ever since she'd arrived here, sitting right next to her with no one else around - other than the driver, who seemed to take no notice as he drove listening to jazz through heaphones. Just too convenient for comfort. But Henry deserved the whole truth. And Daphne deserved him. It was now Meghan who looked straight ahead. \"I think Faye might've left something out.\" Meghan forced herself to say. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Henry turn back to her, giving her his full interest. And a thought suddenly struck her. \"You know, I actually have another friend. Back in New York. Her name is Daphne.\" she said, as casually as she possibly could. There was a pause. \"Daphne.\" he repeated. For some reason, this made Meghan immediately turn her head, to look Henry straight in the eyes. \"...yes! Daphne! My friend Daphne!\" Henry looked a bit confused. \"You seem very excited.\" She was unable to restrain a strange, sudden laugh. \"I'm sorry. It's just...the way you said her name...it just sounded really nice.\" Henry smiled. \"I should think you would be used to English accents by now.\" \"Ha - no, that's not really what I mean. It's just that it kind of...cements something.\" He studied her. \"You've caught the madness as well, haven't you?\" \"Maybe. But I think I should go on. I - can you say her name again?\" \"Daphne.\" \"Yes! Daphne is my best friend in the whole wide world.\" \"How very lovely.\" \"We go to school together, we hang out every day, and we eat food together but she's really picky, she has a guitar pick collection, and her favorite color is orange...I'm rambling, aren't I? Yeah, I am.\" Meghan shook her head manically, her eyes dancing in a daze. \"Are you alright?\" \"I think so.\" \"Go on, then. Tell me more about this...Daphne.\" Meghan was hit with another jolt. He had only to say her name. \"Well, she's really, really smart. She's going to get into a top university, I'm sure of it. And she kicks behind in Speech & Debate. And she brings me presents when I'm sick, and we watch movies together. And I throw parties for her.\" \"I'm glad to hear that you have such a wonderful friend, but how exactly might this relate to your original subject?\" Henry asked tentatively. \"My what?\" \"You said that there was something your friend Faye didn't tell me. Is this what you mean?\" Meghan faltered. \"Yes and no.\" She was silent for a minute, again twirling her necklace with shaking hands. Boldly, she stole a peek at Henry. \"Shall I say her name again?\" he asked. Meghan nodded. \"One more time.\" \"Daphne.\" \"Daphne. Alright. This is what I've been meaning to say. Faye didn't tell you about my friend...\" \"Ah, but you just did.\" \"No. No, I didn't. Sir, I live with three people. My mom is one. My aunt is another. Do you remember the third one?\" \"Not exactly. But I'll take a guess that it is Daphne.\" \"Yes! You're right. It's Daphne.\" Though Meghan's heart was pounding, she somehow didn't feel that it was destroying her. \"So, what you're meaning to say is, your best friend, Daphne, lives with you and your mother and aunt? This is what your blonde friend neglected to tell me?\" Henry asked, amused. Meghan nodded. And now, with her hands trembling more than ever, she let something else escape her lips. \"That's exactly what I mean. Except...I'm going to take it a step further, and say that Daphne is not only my friend, but also...my cousin.\" Henry was silent for a moment. \"By the aunt you're living with, I presume?\" he asked, his voice a bit weak. Meghan looked at him, sudden tears welling up in her eyes, knowing there was still one, last, faint loophole to tie up. Her freakish excitement had left her, and she now had nothing but pleading nervousness. She was beginning to think that she really was mad, as she reached into her tiny matching handbag, straying from his gaze only for a second. Then she looked at him again. \"Why don't you see for yourself?\" she said, voice wavering, as she watched herself hand Henry Dashwood the birth certificate of one Miss Daphne Reynolds. He unfolded the document. His next move was to read it. Then the final move - to comprehend. \"Oh, dear God.\" he murmured. One hand, still holding the paper, immediately dropped to his lap. The other flew to his face, and commenced to moving from mouth to forehead to eyes to mouth again. Meghan looked away, no longer able to keep the tears from streaming down her face. \"I'm so sorry.\" she told him as she began to sob. \"I'm so sorry that I didn't tell you. I'm sorry.\" \"No...\" Henry stammered, not having the least idea what to do with himself. He glanced at the paper again and again. \"You...have...no fault here...\" Through the front window, Meghan suddenly realized where they were, as she watched huge iron gates slowly creak open before them. Dashwood Manor. They went on through. Meghan could see a few lit windows, but had no idea why Henry, who was now lost in emotion as she was, had arranged for her to come here. The driver parked the car, and got out without saying a word. A quick glance at Henry told him he'd better stay away from his and Meghan's doors, and he walked away, toward the side of the house and out of sight. They were left there alone. For quite a long time, they only sat there. Henry's hand trembled ever so slightly as he held the document, while Meghan quietly cried, hunched in the corner. She tried her best to think about the fact that late as it was, the truth had still been revealed and that Daphne's existance was known. But the shame was overpowering, putting her the shadow of a new fear - that Henry would reject it all, perhaps in some way due to all the time she'd wasted. There was nothing she could do now but cry. \"There's no use in staying out here.\" Henry finally breathed, not without difficulty. \"We may as well go in, where it's warm.\" \"I can't go in there.\" \"I can't either, but I suppose I will anyway.\" \"Go without me then.\" \"There is no way that I can do that.\" \"Lord Dashwood -\" \"I think it's best you call me Henry. You'll be seeing a lot more of me, apparently. Now please, come in before I lose my mind any further.\" Finally, Meghan obeyed. She shoved the door open, stepped out and began to walk to the door on wobbly legs, supplemented by cumbersome high heels. She trudged up the steps, and Henry came up from behind her to open the door. All had changed in one night. So much was gone, and Meghan could only hope that she did some good for Daphne. And never had she wanted to talk to Daphne so badly as she did right now. But then, in this matter, Meghan was supposed to be the stronger one. She couldn't run to Daphne - Daphne would only run to her in return, seeking even more comfort. But Meghan didn't feel strong at all. Her weaknesses were blindingly apparent. Henry pushed the door open and held it for her to walk through. She took a deep breath and did so, then waited for him to follow. He tucked his daughter's birth certificate into his jacket as he closed the door. \"Such a strange world this is.\" he said once more. \"And we are both against it.\"[Chapter 59] All things were dreamy and light under the soft, cozying weight of a down feather quilt. Except, maybe, in Meghan's world. Still, the quilt - as well as the bed it graced - had done wonders for her exhausted soul, during the nine hours in which she had taken in its comforts. The night before, as she had climbed in, its canopy had seemed like the shield that guarded a safe haven, a haven that would allow her to set her problems aside for the glory of sleep. It seemed strong enough, even, to guard against nonsensical nightmares. Which, thankfully, it had. Now, as Meghan's consciousness began to creep in and wind up into action, she felt before anything else the light softness of the quilt. The state-of-the-art orthopedic pillow registered next, followed by the memory foam mattress that had conformed to her petite shape. Her bleary eyes began to inch open, at first just caught off guard by a blinding white light, then tentatively opening fuller to allow for focus. The window was wide open, right in front of her, the sun hitting her straight in the face. Meghan rubbed her eyes and tried to register her location. It took her a few seconds to remember that she had slept in the Dashwood mansion. The room was strange - regally elaborate, not as foofy as the room she'd grown used to sleeping in, but still a tad overdone. Meghan sat up slightly and searched for a clock. She found one, with Roman numerals and a pendulum, hanging on the wall to her right. It was past noon. She let her head fall back, heaving a small sigh. How late did people typically sleep at this residence? Everyone else was probably already up. Meghan would probably be subtly scorned with glares from those bearing the surname Payne. As her mind came further to life, her thoughts drifted to the events of last night - and early this morning. She and a flabbergasted Henry had arrived back at the palace at approximately 2:30 in the morning. They had immediately been greeted with the sight of Jocelyn, Alistair, Emma, and Faye, all seated in the parlour. Jocelyn had immediately started firing concerned questions. Alistair, ever the conniving kiss-up, joined in as well - no doubt to cover his sad, guilty arse. Genuine concern had also shown in the faces of Emma and Faye, though they were, of course, less outspoken. Meghan had immediately run to catch Faye in a hug, chanting endless muffled thank-yous into her shoulder. Faye had tentatively hugged her back. Something told her that her redemption had indeed been achieved, their friendship restored once again. Emma had been the next to receive an embrace, while Jocelyn was busy doing the same with Henry. Mother and host-mother both murmured their relief as to the two's safe return. Directly after, Jocelyn had immediately swooped to grab Meghan, squeezing her tightly in a more extreme show of emotion that was typically out of Jocelyn's character. \"Oh, Meghan, thank God you're alright. I was worried sick about you.\" \"Thank you for caring.\" Meghan had replied wearily. \"It means a lot.\" A few seconds after her release from Jocelyn's arms, the remaining individual approached. Alistair layed his hand on Meghan's shoulder. \"Miss Reynolds, you can't possibly understand what immense relief I feel, seeing you again.\" Meghan was too scatterbrained to come up with a real reply - and it didn't help that Alistair had her suspended in a vile, burning stare that seemed to go unnoticed by everyone else. \"Thank you.\" she repeated once more, wondering what kind of sick force was making everyone around her so ridiculously gullible. Oh yeah. The sick force was Alistair. And now Meghan was lying in her luxury bed, staring at the lace canopy, and trying her hardest to figure out why she was the only one who seemed able to see through Alistair's phony, despicable act. Henry and Jocelyn were just too intelligent. It made no sense. Didn't anyone care about her side of the story? Shouldn't her testimony be worth more than anything else? She hadn't even been asked. But then again, she hadn't spoken up, either. And there might be grave danger if she did. She had no way of knowing what Alistair could do - he'd already gone to the extreme. He could certainly go further. Groaning, Meghan pulled the covers aside and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. She was confused to feel a peculiar sensation as her foot landed on something other than the plush carpet. She looked to the ground - it was a piece of paper. Meghan picked it up... And realized that it was yet another note. Keep yourself in check, my girl And realize the consequence of every action Every step and every breath taken I suggest you take cautiously... I warn you Take care in what you say. A.P. Oh, and wasn't he just so dang poetic. It made Meghan want to vomit. What more was Alistair capable of? Could he really make Libby look like a lying gold-digger? Meghan could not overlook the risk of his doing so. After all, he had been able to make himself look like a man of morals, a man who used his intelligence for good - when in reality, that was a sickeningly phony illusion. There was one thing, though, that Meghan had in her favor. One thing that Alistair was totally oblivious to. Now, perhaps, the tables could finally turn for the better. Because Henry knew about Daphne. Meanwhile, someone else was just beginning to stir from slumber - Lucas Brenshire, who felt as if he'd been sleeping for ages. And he sort of had been. He'd slept for a little over fourteen hours. Instead of waking to the feeling of expensive bed linens, Luke was waking to the smell of dust, and the feeling of an ache in his back. Not to mention a sizeable migraine. He dared to open his eyes. Lying on his back, the first thing he caught sight of was the slanted ceiling - rotting, wooden beams that crossed, with cobwebs hanging off of them and a few insulated pipes toward the very top for good measure. Turning his head slightly, he took in a slew of cardboard boxes, all stacked on top of one another. None of this was even remotely familiar, and Luke was slowly slipping into a dazed panic. \"Where...\" he croaked, heaving himself upwards - only to fall over the side, out of the cot he'd slept in and onto a hard, concrete floor. \"Bloody hell...\" He heard a noise from what was apparently the next room. Immediately, he saw a stout, older man run in, one of his hands holding a murder mystery novel. Luke saw the man stare at him as if he were a deer in headlights. \"Gus! ' E's up!\" was the man's shout into the other room. In dashed a thinner, slightly more agile individual, who looked about the same age as the first. \"Geez, you're right! What should we do next?\" \"Don't talk as if I'm not here.\" Luke grumbled at them. Silence. The teenager propped himself against the side of the cot and lay his head back, wincing. Then, he bent forward, rubbing his forehead. He glanced at the two slack jawed onlookers as he did so. \"I suggest you tell me who you are, and where in blazes I am.\" he stated. The thin one finally spoke up. \"I'm Gus from Virginia, he's Mick from Yorkshire. You're at Fallow's.\" Luke pondered this. \"Fallow's.\" \"Yeah. As in, the store owned by this Mr. Mick Fallow - co-owned by myself.\" As the man spoke, Luke was immediately reminded of Meghan...and then of more. He cursed to himself, flinching and letting his hands drop to the floor. The two men continued to stand, silent. After a few moments of muttering obscenities, Luke turned to them again in frustration. \"Stop staring and tell me why I'm here!\" he bellowed. \"Y'were running around drunk in the streets.\" the chubby one finally spoke up. \"We were closing up last night, and saw you running and shouting, so I ran out and grabbed you.\" \"And at what point, Gus from Virginia, did you think that was a wise idea?\" The two men looked at each other. \"Well, let's just say you looked...pretty funny out there. We were afraid you'd end up killing yourself.\" Both of them were trying to keep from sniggering. Luke pulled himself up and stood, trying to shake himself into full consciousness. He watched them. \"Glad to know you find this amusing. Now then, I'll just be going.\" he said, annoyed. He then walked into the other room, which turned out to be the store itself. The back of a counter and cash register immediately met his eyes, and he saw shelves full of miscellaneous items. Luke made his way around the counter, pondering what mayhem must surely be going on in his absence, his heart twisting with anguish all the while. \"Now wait a minute, man!\" he heard from behind, as the thinner one approached. \"We both just stayed up through the whole night keeping track of you. If I hadn't brought you in, you might be somewhere in a gutter by now.\" Luke turned. \"Alright, fine, thank you kindly. I'm very sorry, but you'll have to excuse me.\" \"You're in no condition...\" Mick said as he came behind, still clutching his book. \"Right, I am in no condition to care what condition I'm in, after what nightmarish events have taken place, as I am only concerned about reconciling the relationship I seem to have horribly damaged. Oh, yes, and letting my family know that I'm still alive!\" \"C'mon. We got a phone, use that instead. They'll eat you up out there!\" Gus took the arm of a very confused Luke, leading him back to the room he had just left. He motioned for him to sit on the cot, which Luke did. \"You need to eat. We have microwave pizzas.\" Mick told him. \"Fine, fine, just get me a phone.\" Luke said, submissive at last. This was done immediately. Along with a cordless phone, Luke was handed a glass of water. \"Gotta start getting over that nasty hangover.\" was its explanation. Luke took what was given to him. \"Might you have some aspirin, by any chance?\" he asked as he began to dial a number. It was a Wednesday, but obviously, I was going to be absent from school today. One thing I wasn't sure of, though, was what I was going to wear. I had been given a nightgown of Jocelyn's to sleep in - thankfully, they hadn't tried to wrench any garments from Clarissa for me to try on - but I knew I couldn't go around all day in that. Nor could I go around all day in a formal dress and heels. I was surprised, though, to see something interesting resting on a tufted chair in the corner. It was a light yellow peasant top and white crinkly skirt. Below these things was a pair of old, brown moccasins with flowers embroidered on them. Apparently, this was to be my outfit. The blouse fit perfectly - however, the skirt was a little loose. It was a good thing, then, that I had brought safety pins with me to the dance, in my little evening bag. Safety pins are an essential of mine - one should never go anywhere without them. You never know when something is going to rip or fall astray. Too bad I hadn't had any with me that one day, when I had the nightmare with the gym shorts. But I had learned my lesson. The moccasins were just a little big as well, so I stuffed a bit of tissue in the toes. There. Good as new. Where had these things come from, I wondered. They certainly weren't anything Clarissa would be caught dead in. And they really weren't Jocelyn's taste either. I was confused. Nevertheless, I still came shuffling out of my luxury suite wearing yellow, white, and brown. One problem was solved. Now, on to the next challenge. I had intentions of finding the kitchen, wherever that was, and scrounging for something to eat. I didn't count on Henry's summoning me as I passed by his office door. \"Meghan.\" I had just gotten by the door. That was where I stopped, and backed up until I was right in the doorframe, facing the brown-haired executive. \"Mind if I talk to you?\" he quipped calmly, leaning forward a little. Of course, I was expecting something along this order...I just thought I'd maybe get to eat first... \"Okay.\" I told him, before hesitantly stepping into a room I'd never been in before. The walls were lined with books, and there was an intricately woven rug on the ground. \"You may want to shut the door behind you.\" he told me. Good idea. I did that and walked over to the chair that faced him, lowering myself into the seat. I noticed a slew of papers all over his desk, as well as a saucer full of crumbs and a half-empty cup of coffee. Henry was quiet for a few seconds, before looking at me and giving a weary smile. \"Well, first off - did you sleep well, Meghan?\" I smiled back as best I could. \"Yes, I did. I'm sorry I slept so late.\" \"Oh, no worries. I would've done the same, actually, were I not used to always being up at this hour. Would you like a scone?\" He produced another saucer, upon which a biscuit lay. \"Yes, please.\" I replied, doubtless showing my gratitude. I was famished. He handed me the precious baked good. \"And how are you feeling?\" came yet another question. Hmm. How to answer that question. He had, of course, seen me betrayed by the one who supposedly loved me - I'm sure he knew about the heartache that was causing. But he didn't know the war that was going on in my head, as my mind worked to figure out how in all this world Alistair had managed to fool this man - and what, exactly, should be done about it. \"Strange.\" I finally said. Well, it was the truth. He chuckled as he bent his head. \"You're not alone.\" I looked on, and knew I couldn't possibly begin to phathom what crazy things were going through his mind. I sympathized with him. He now knew that he was a father. And I must say, he was handling it a lot better than he could've been. \"I suppose I'll get to it then.\" he said, looking back up at me. \"You see, unlike you, I didn't allow myself the privilege of sleep last night. Though I don't think I would have been able to if I tried.\" I half-smiled understandingly. \"I knew that I had to talk to you before doing anything else - that is why I called you in so hastily. You see, no one else knows of the things you've told me. And with the exception of my mother, no one even knows that you are related to my...old friend.\" Old friend. More were in on it than he thought. \"I plan to talk to each person individually, when I am in possession of enough sense to do so. I surmise the prospect of my taking a nap sometime before then. But I will not allow sleep to come until I've had the conversation that needs to be had. With you.\" I nodded in acknowledgement. \"This may take an hour, or three hours. But all questions, mine and yours, are going to be answered today, in this room.\" I was nervous. But I knew this was a good thing. \"We can take turns asking questions, perhaps. Would you like to go first?\" I shook my head. \"Ha, I thought not. Alright then. I have a few questions.\" He took out an official State of New York document. \"Who, exactly, is Daphne Reynolds, and what does she think of me?\" Those were nice questions. Obviously valid ones. I thought for a few seconds. Best to go with the basics. \"Daphne Reynolds is my dad's sister's daughter. She's seventeen years old, and goes to my high school. Her grade point average is 4.5. She is tall, has brown hair, and likes rock & roll. She wants to be a psychologist. Her smile is the best in the world, and she always makes me happy. I love her.\" I saw a faint smile run across his lips as he nodded for me to go on. \"We like to watch TV together, and one day, we were watching BBC America. It was about five years ago. A news program came on, and...\" I looked down, fiddling with a loose thread on my peasant top. \"And...she started crying. I couldn't figure out why. But Aunt Libby walked in, and she knew right away.\" I wasn't sure if I'd gone too far by telling him this. He was definitely deep in thought. \"The thing is, she tells Daphne about you. On her birthday. Every year. They don't talk much about you otherwise. But Daphne wants to meet you. She wants that more than anything.\" Surprised at how much I was divulging, I paused. But it felt so, so good. I looked up to see that Henry's eyes were positively latched on me, as he listened with utmost attention. He looked almost fearful. \"And I won this contest to go to Jasperstone, all expenses paid. The day I left, my aunt gave me that birth certificate, and some pictures. Just in case.\" He smiled a bit at this. \"I assume you didn't really think you'd be here today, talking to me.\" he said, reaching for his coffee mug. I noticed that his hands were shaking, just the slightest bit. And despite the caffeine that was surely coursing through his veins, they hadn't been doing that before. I looked down again, and tentatively said what I said next. \"Actually...for some reason, I think I knew that something was about to happen.\" I told him. \"Even though I acted like an idiot for the longest time, and didn't say anything.\" Henry crossed his hands together in front of him, and leaned forward once more. \"I won't have you guilting yourself. You've been very brave. And I'm going to need your help.\" \"You are?\" \"Yes. You're my only hope of ever possibly figuring this out. I must tell you. I've never been so stunned in my life.\" No one said anything more for awhile. Oddly enough, though, it was me who spoke next. \"Is it my turn to ask a question?\" Henry thought for a moment. \"Yes.\" \"What am I wearing?\" A look came over Henry's face that seemed like some sort of bittersweet hybrid of regret and novelty. He half-smiled. \"Someone left those behind. In the laundry, a long time ago. Thought you might like to have them.\" I couldn't help but smile. That's my aunt for you. Always has been absent-minded, always will be. \"Looks lovely, by the way.\" he added. And then I sat there, fiddling with that thread, as I waited for him to ask his next question. Again, I REALLY hope you liked these...because I myself am not too satisfied with how they turned out. I really hope they sort of made sense, lol. Please let me know what you think, while I move on to preparing the next two. :) -rf-[Chapter 60] This story has not been updated in a very, very, very long time. But today, I've finally done it. And there will be more. I hope that these are actually worth reading...despite my HUGE incompetance and irresponsibility...anyways read on if you'd like, more info at the end of 60. In the kitchen of the Dashwood mansion, on a barstool, sat Meghan Reynolds, sipping tea. And thinking, as always. Therefore, her mind paid no attention to the maid who cavorted around with a vacuum in the next room, or Ganes poking about in the cabinets, or the fact that her tea was not iced, but hot. No, she was far too preoccupied with the mulling over of her just finished conversation with Henry, bits of which rushing around in her head in a catacomb of instant replays. Henry himself was supposedly napping at the moment, and Meghan hoped that he was able to achieve the sleep that had so evaded him before. He hadn't yet had any discussions with his family about its apparent long-lost member. She thought back to the next thing he'd said, after explaining the reasoning for her attire...it had, of course, been his turn to interrogate. His demeanor had gone from nervous and fidgety to more nervous and more fidgety and very, very cautious. \"So...how...is she, then?\" Meghan had looked up from that fascinating thread she'd been fiddling to dumbly say, \"Who?\" A pause. \"Your aunt.\" Meghan observed that Henry seemed virtually incapable of letting her aunt's actual name pass his lips. As for an answer to his question, Meghan was indeed quite stumped. She attempted to handle it diplomatically. \"Oh, fine. She's been singing at weddings for a while now...making a good living, and she loves it, which is the best thing. She keeps herself busy.\" This seemed to only moderately satisfy Henry. One thing in particular did stand out to him. \"She's singing?\" Meghan nodded. \"Oh, yes! Her talents are very sought after by engaged couples in the...Chinatown...area...\" \"Interesting. I'm pleased to hear that. She did love singing.\" Meghan couldn't stop herself from smiling, while Henry looked away and dove into his coffee, feeling he might have said a bit too much. He could not, no, must not go any further into the subject. He swallowed his swig of beverage. \"Your turn.\" Meghan had been silent. She knew that Henry had felt a risk by asking what he'd just asked...perhaps she should take a risk herself. \"What made you possibly believe that Alistair might have grabbed me?\" she found herself saying. Though she tried to sound incredulous, as if the whole idea of Alistair grabbing her was just too outlandish to be possible. Henry seemed to find this a curious question. His answer, though, was simple. \"This friend of mine...Alistair did not like her.\" \"And he was the one that Faye thought had taken me?\" Meghan said, taking another turn and again forcing incredulousness. \"You said that Alistair doesn't even know...\" \"Precisely. Miss Winthrop gave me the name of your aunt and named Alistair as the one she'd seen, but though my mother was present at the time and heard everything, Alistair was elsewhere. Therefore, even if he were capable of such a drastic, despicable act, he'd have no reason to commit it. He has no idea of the person whom you're related to.\" So that was it. Of course! As far as Henry knew, Mr. Payne had no way of knowing that Meghan was Libby's niece. Henry hadn't known about the locket. And this fact, together with some unnamed bald guy's admission to the crime (which Alistair surely had coerced through either bribery or blackmail), had somehow been enough to render the bald rat innocent. And certainly, Meghan's playing along must be sealing the deal, if it weren't sealed already. \"Of course, it didn't take me long to realize this. Fortunately, however, I'd already made the phone call on the jets. A second more of thought beforehand, and you'd be in New York right now.\" Henry went on. This was true, and it infuriated Meghan. She'd come so close to losing everything for Daphne, because of Alistair. And even now, he was getting away with it. Oh, how Meghan longed to tell Henry what had really happened, that Faye had been right, that Alistair knew full well who Meghan's aunt was. It was the perfect opportunity - she had Henry alone, face to face. But something - fear, more than likely - kept her from doing so. And so the conversation had moved on. Both of them inquired more into each other's history and life, discussing whatever hadn't been talked about during their numerous chess games. Some things were awkward, others laughable, but both people nevertheless grew more comfortable as each minute passed. Henry was soon leaning back in his chair with his feet propped on the desk, gazing around and allowing himself the occasional smile. Meghan found it easier to drop subtle facts about Daphne and even Libby as she talked about herself. Henry asked about Meghan's mother, and Meghan even asked a little about Glynnis. But Meghan did not bring up the subject of Alistair again. And there was one other person that neither Meghan nor Henry dared speak of. Or at least, the person was avoided, though Henry could clearly see that thoughts were present through a discreet but constant pain in Meghan's eyes. Despite this, he chose not to pursue the cause of that pain, knowing that doing so would probably only bring about more. So they talked about everything else, for a good hour and a half. Once again, they found a common level of understanding. Finally, however, as Henry began to show signs that he was letting his exhaustion take over, Meghan posed what would likely be the all-encompassing closing question. \"Lord Dashwood - \" \"Henry.\" \"Henry. What's...going to happen? Now, I mean...\" At this, the man sighed deeply, massaging his forehead and closing his eyes tightly, before rising to walk to the window and gaze outside. Meghan waited for him to answer. He leaned against the windowpane. \"What happens next...is a bit unclear.\" he finally stated, still looking away. \"I imagine first of all that you should stay here for at least a short while - what with all that remains to be sorted out. I think you need a change, and it will be beneficial for you to truly get to know this family, and vice-versa. And at some point, hopefully soon, we will be able to take some action regarding your cousin.\" This was music to Meghan's ears, despite knowing that she'd actually be living with two evil monsters and a moron besides. Henry's last sentence, however, had made her heart soar. Action. For Daphne. \"Certain arrangements will have to be made, but to sum it all up - you shall be like a tiny practice, a warm-up...for the Dashwood family. I suppose. In preparation for...someone else, perhaps.\" Meghan understood this plan. For the most part, Meghan loved this plan. Henry finally turned, and half-smiled. \"Please don't feel that you are being used, mind you.\" he pointed out. \"What I mean is, you are already accepted. But you are our only link to the girl on that certificate. And this is the way to get things going. To be honest - once I inform others living here of these...circumstances, you will be so sought after that it will be pointless to go back to the Winthrops'. At least, for the time being.\" Meghan kept her gaze still. \"Alright.\" And she wondered whether she should thank him, or ask something more, or just say nothing at all. She ended up having no need to choose, as Henry moved away from the window and sat back down, starting to gather things. \"Yes. Well. I think this will do for now...there will surely be more time, and more discussion. However, I must say that I can't put off sleep any longer. So I shall let you out of this dungeon - I sincerely hope that it wasn't too entirely boring for you.\" Meghan shook her head, wishing she had more to say, other than: \"Not at all.\" \"Good then. Off you go.\" She rose from her seat and made for the door, while one last thing struck Henry. \"Oh, and Meghan - \" She turned. \"I just wanted to say...I'm truly, deeply sorry. About what happened to you.\" Meghan had nodded as a rush of heartbreak swept over her, and had forced herself to give Henry a small smile, before opening the door to the hallway and stepping out. Now, as she sipped her tea, Meghan fought to hold back tears, trying her best to console herself with the prospect that good things were about to happen to Daphne. Someone had hurt her. But she loved him. She wanted him. It was then that Ganes shuffled over. \"Miss Reynolds, I was given strict orders to prevent all calls from going through to Lord Dashwood's office. However, I thought you might be interested to know - Master Luke called for you. Seven times.\" Meghan could only stare at him. \"Well!\" came another voice. \"Glad to see you're up, Meghan.\" Jocelyn had come into the kitchen, and now was serving herself some of that lovely tea. \"I've just been in my bedroom, reading a book. I knew you needed sleep after such a dreadful night. But now you must come into the nook to have tea with me.\" Jocelyn seemed oddly enthusiastic. Even so, Meghan decided to comply. Anything to provide a distraction from the individual whom a certain butler had just mentioned. Thus, a minute later, Meghan was seated across from a very content-looking Lady Dashwood. Strangely, the tiered cookie tray had been moved aside. Meghan was therefore able to look directly at the woman, who was ever-unreadable. There was no telling what next she would say. Meghan was very afraid that they'd end up talking about her aunt, of whom Jocelyn was apparently aware. \"Nice day we're having, isn't it?\" was what the woman said. \"I imagine Clarissa will be coming home soon.\" Meghan had to consciously tell herself not to groan. She was thankful that she hadn't yet had to deal with Clarissa, nor had she had any encounters with Alistair or Glynnis thus far. Jocelyn was gazing out the window, at what looked to be a gardener trying to contain a sprinkler that had just exploded. \"So tell me - what's she like?\" she now said casually, turning to Meghan. The teenager was mildly confused. \"Who?\" \"My granddaughter.\" At the very same time... \"MOM!\" \"What?!\" \"Where's my orange sweater?!\" \"I have no idea!\" \"I need it!\" \"Wear something else!\" A pause. A long, long pause. \"Okay then.\" And so, Daphne shuffled out wearing a neon green go-go jacket. Her mother tossed her a breakfast bar, and she caught it before throwing the door open. She hoped to beat the school bell, which she was running late for - it was a formidable task, but it wasn't like she hadn't done it, several hundred times before. Luke was cursing the fact that he'd left his cell phone - along with his infamous palm-pilot - in the pocket of his coat, which, along with that of his lost love's, had been stored away in a closet in the mansion prior to the couple's entering the dance. For because of that very thing, he was sitting here in this strange, dusty dimension, trying to work a dog-and-bone with an actual dial on it. And all the while, he was having to bear the annoying presence of someone called Gus, who at the moment was rattling on in a dialect that painfully reminded Luke of Meghan's. Only, Gus's had more of a twang. \"The year was 1964. Old Mick and I were both stationed in a country commonly known as Germany. I was a wily bachelor chasing after German women; he was a soft, quiet little man with a wife he loved back in Old Yorky. We got to know each other over a coupla beers, and a few pranks instigated by yours truly...\" Luke only momentarily stopped to ponder the fact that never, ever before had he heard Yorkshire referred to as being 'Old Yorky', before going back to his frantic task of trying to reach Meghan. He'd already contacted his family, whose sober members had indeed been quite dismayed and furious over his actions, which they'd already known through a combination of gossip and news articles. Evidence of such articles was verified when Mick brought in about five newspapers, tabloids mostly, with Luke and Meghan's story blasting a visual alarm on every front page. One tabloid in particular was especially gruesome: it featured a large picture of a disoriented Luke stumbling out of Everston Mansion, along with a small, separate picture in the bottom right corner of Meghan, who was sobbing uncontrollably. Plastered across the top of the page was a single word in huge, bright red lettering: \"BETRAYAL!\". Never in his life had Luke felt so sickeningly horrible. Calling the Winthrops' had won him only a cold \"She's at Dashwood Manor.\". Calling Dashwood Manor had produced only repeated \"She's unavailable at the moment.\"s. Still, he called said mansion about every ten or so minutes, each of those minutes scraping by at an agonizing pace as he listened to Gus and Mick's life story and nibbled on a small pizza that tasted like cardboard. Each call was met with yet more disappointment. Luke was beginning to think himself to be going insane. Time and time again he was being prevented from even small attempts at redemption, from explaining what was unexplainable. He felt frustratingly that he was wasting time. \"And so, he took me to Chez Fallow to meet Helen, and Helen had a friend name Cassandra, who I married a month later. Didn't get back to Virginia for three years after that; no family there anyhow, so what was the point? Then the four of us all decided to move here to the big city, so's Mick could pursue his big dream of ownin' a business. It was hard work, but we kept on truckin'...\" \"Excuse me.\" Luke had said of Gus, at one point in the rather one-sided conversation. \"Yeah?\" \"Why are you telling me all of this?\" \"Well, cuz I've got nothing better to do, I suppose.\" Luke had looked to the side for a second, trying to restrain himself from bursting into an angry fit. Then, he'd gone back to his frantic calls. It had struck him to call his best friend, Ian. \"'Ello?\" \"Ian?\" \"Up yours, you filthy blighter.\" \"Wait, I...\" \"You don't deserve even a moment of my time. I will only waste about thirty seconds of it to tell you that you've clearly proven to be as much an arrogant pig as the rest of your kind, but worse. You are a swine. Good day, Lord Brenshire .\" What Luke heard next was the dial tone.[Chapter 61] Of course, this was not the first time Lady Jocelyn Dashwood had taken me by surprise. But that doesn't mean I was caught any less off-guard. \"W...What?\" I knew that she had knowledge of my aunt. But how had she grabbed Daphne out of the clear blue sky? Jocelyn gave me that lovely yet slightly mischievous smile of hers. She reached into her jacket pocket... ...and pulled out Daphne's most recent school picture, daintily setting it in front of me. Oh yeah. I had given her that picture, hadn't I? \"Your cousin?\" Yes, my cousin. That clever Jocelyn. Or rather, that dumb Meghan, for not realizing this sooner. Dumb me. And as might be expected, all I could do was smile at her, nodding, embarrassed at how silly I was. This was very, very awkward. But Daphne's grandmother just kept right on smiling. \"I thought so. Actually, you may not believe this, but I've thought so this entire time.\" \"You have?\" \"I have. One look at those eyes, Meghan. My Henry - those are his eyes. And that smile. I'd recognize it anywhere.\" I couldn't help but grin at that. \"But oh, I see someone else in this lovely girl. I see a strong, radiant woman I once knew. That look, that demeanor...not to mention that nose. It's a dead giveaway.\" I couldn't stop smiling. Jocelyn always knew how to make things comfortable. She was prim and proper all the way through, exuding dignity and sophistication - but in a way that never made you feel inferior, or pressured to act in a certain fashion. Jocelyn made herself care about etiquette and prestige, but knew that real emotion, real compassion, real happiness - that was what mattered. \"Do you remember her name?\" I asked her. \"That would be Daphne, I believe.\" \"That it is.\" I thought to myself, and realized that I still hadn't answered her question. \"You asked what she was like...well...\" Jocelyn waited. \"She's wonderful.\" I heard her take a deep breath, and for the first time, I saw her lose her perfect composure. Just a tiny bit. She was shaking her head. \"Oh, Meghan...\" Jocelyn breathed. She looked away. \"I...I promised myself I wouldn't...but Meghan, you don't know how long I've...waited for this...\" Tears were threatening my eyes as I watched her. I'd never seen her so happy. So happy that...she was crying. She's waited for you, too, Lady Dashwood. All of her life. I thought it. That sentence. And then, I said it. Late that afternoon, a black station wagon pulled up in front of the Dashwood mansion. The passenger door opened, and Faye Winthrop stepped out, then proceeding to walk around to the back of the car. The trunk lid popped up, and she pulled out a rather large duffel bag, lugging it down to the ground before closing the trunk. She then lifted it again, bid goodbye to her mother, and stepped directly in front of the foreboding iron gates. The watchman seemed to know why she was there; he nodded briskly and within seconds the gates began to move apart. Faye was intimidated, as she had been the night before. Here was a gigantic house that screamed wealth, prosperity, and prestige. Here too was a flawless, perfectly kept courtyard - a garden that looked like it required some sort of mathematical calculation to have achieved its symmetry. The ground was different...enchanted perhaps. There was something about it that made Faye tread lighter, move forward with care. Upon reaching the gleaming doors, she rang the gleaming doorbell, and was soon face-to-face with the gleaming butler. Said butler beckoned her in, before shuffling off to fetch \"Miss Reynolds\". When Miss Reynolds did appear moments later, sporting a peasant top and ruffly skirt, Faye was relieved for a brief moment by the bright smile that greeted her. But not long after, fear came rushing back, and she stood up straighter. The extreme nervousness of feeling inferior was now coupled with the equally jarring prospect of having to speak with Meghan about the things that were said and done, as well as some lingering guilt besides. Last night had been traumatic, and everyone had been too flustered to make confrontations. Would today be different? \"Hello, Faye!\" was what Meghan said first. \"Gimme that.\" Meghan immediately came over and took the bag, setting it down beside them before embracing a tense Faye. \"I'm so happy to see you.\" she said into the blonde's shoulder. Faye heard earnest emotion in Meghan's words. She wrapped her arms around to return the hug, and even felt a hesitant smile creep onto her face. \"Afternoon, Meghan.\" As Meghan drew back, she saw that Faye was smiling a little but looked quite pained. Thoughts ran through Meghan's mind. She had once known this girl to be talkative beyond belief, but had now come to know a new side - one that involved the packing of millions of words and emotions into a single, short statement. Yes. No. Afternoon, Meghan. Meghan grabbed the duffel bag before Ganes could get his hands on it. \"C'mon. This way.\" she told Faye brightly, guiding her with her free hand. They were soon in the room where Meghan was to be dwelling. The bag was set on the bed, and Meghan unzipped it to glance into it briefly. \"I brought you several changes of clothes...uniforms...toothbrush and all that.\" \"Thank you.\" Meghan said. But rather than starting to dig out the bag's contents to set them in their proper temporary places, she closed the flap and sat down on the bed. \"So, how've you been?\" she asked Faye. Her hesitant smile returned. \"Fair to cloudy.\" she replied. \"And yourself?\" Meghan tried to think of a weather report. \"Um...sunny with clouds and possible tornado conditions?\" Faye chuckled a little, but was still as stiff as a board. Meghan responded to this by holding her hand out and moving her fingers together in the \"come here\" motion. When Faye came forward, Meghan patted the space beside her. Faye sat down, and it was then that an arm was draped around her, pulling her towards the American dressed as a hippie. \"What's it going to take to cure you, huh, Faye?\" Faye looked at Meghan, and was in danger of going into tear-mode. She was confused, and in wonder. \"Why are you so calm?\" she asked Meghan. \"Why does nothing faze you?\" \"Is that what you've been wondering, all this time?\" \"I marvel at your life, at what I've seen of it. I cannot understand you. But I understand myself even less.\" Meghan hesitated for a moment. \"Then you and I have something in common. We've both lost our identities.\" she said. Faye said nothing, though her eyes widened as if her mind had been read. \"Tell me all of it.\" Meghan told her friend gently. \"Tell me how you knew. About my cousin, and about...\" Faye waited. \"...Alistair.\" Meghan saw her turn away. \"So I am not crazy.\" \"No.\" Meghan said breathlessly. \"And I would be gone if it weren't for you.\" Faye paused only a moment, before forcing herself to speak. \"The day you left with...one day, when you were gone....\" she began, \"Your brown bag was on the floor in our bedroom, and the cat was clawing at it. I think you remember. I took the bag away from him, and numerous things...fell out.\" Meghan looked on, already starting to guess the rest. \"I bent to pick everything up, and I found your white envelope, and...oh dear, how I hate myself for what I did...\" \"Faye, don't...\" \"I read what I shouldn't have read. And I was immediately overcome with regret, which has not left me since. I felt like a conniving urchin, and now felt as if I could never know you. As if you'd always, in the end, be a stranger to me.\" That was it. In that instant, Meghan knew what had troubled Faye and what obviously still troubled her now. Ignoring Clarissa and her cruel ploys, acting as if they were nothing, had been what first separated the exchange student and her host-sister. Then her time spent with...him...had put Meghan farther away on Faye's coordinate plane. Finally, the contents of that envelope had placed the two girls on entirely different planets. And this relocation to a mansion, Meghan thought, must be making things infinitely worse. \"Then there was the prank with the bucket...\" Faye went on. \"It was Emily's plan. I took the blame because I knew why you stopped them, and I thought that by accepting fault, it might make them less resentful to you...they'd get a lighter sentence than myself, you see. I'm not sure it worked very well.\" Faye closed her eyes. \"And finally, Clarissa got to me...truly...and my actions were far worse than any of theirs. Meghan, I can't tell you how sorry I am and always will be -\" \"I already know, Faye. That's all behind us.\" But nonetheless, Meghan had to draw her companion closer, to comfort her as she began to cry. And they stayed that way, Faye's tears spilling down, her emotions finally being set free. Then she tried to gather herself, reaching into her small purse for a handkerchief. Sitting up straight, she wiped her face and nose. Then her hands fell into her lap. \"I was there. In the park, the night of the dance, mere feet from you.\" came her shaky words. \"And my eyes did not fail me. The guilt belongs to that vile Alistair Payne.\" \"Only you and I know that.\" Faye was silent. Somehow, she couldn't shake the feeling that she herself was just as vile as Alistair was. \"Let me tell you something.\" Meghan said. \"You don't know how grateful I am to you. And you also have no clue whatsoever how much your friendship now means to me.\" The blonde turned to face her, giving her a look that was half-resigned, half-stunned. \"You think that you've done me so much wrong. But if you hadn't opened that envelope, it would have all been over. You wouldn't have been able to save me.\" Meghan looked straight into Faye's strained eyes, with tears mounting in her own. \"But you did save me. You're incredible, Faye. And brave. Thank you.\" With this, Meghan saw something. Finally, light was beginning to return to Faye's face. As if the weight had been lifted, as if all the anguish and grief were flowing out of her eyes. Here was Faye's release. Her shoulders relaxed. For once in a very long while, someone was easing the pain. \"I'd do it again.\" It was an understatement. But Meghan had learned to decipher what was meant by the understatements she now often heard. She'd come to know many people who didn't wear each deep emotion of theirs on their sleeves, who didn't make their feelings blatantly obvious. Not everything had to be said, to know what was true. Meghan smiled broadly. \"Guess what?\" she said. \"I have two best friends now.\" At long last, Faye beamed. \"But as one of them, there is one prerequisite you must fill.\" Meghan told her, acting business-like. \"You must talk and talk, constantly, as if your life depended on it.\" A wonderful laugh came from the girl in braids. \"I think...perhaps...it does depend on it.\" \"You may be right.\" Meghan said with a grin. \"The depression will kill you otherwise.\" Faye laughed some more at that, looking down, bashful. She was all too aware of the chatterbox she was, as her true self. \"I can't believe,\" she mused to Meghan, \"you're actually going to be living with Clarissa.\" Meghan chuckled, letting herself fall back on the luxury down comforter. \"I can't believe it, either.\" she said. \"Wanna go freeze her undergarments?\" Faye fell into one of the pillows, and Meghan sat up, confused - until she saw her friend's upper body moving with hysterical laughter. At last. Okay. Again, I hope these were somewhat enjoyable. I am very sorry that I took so long to post them; I've had a lot of stresses and distractions but nevertheless have not given up. Eventually this story will end...properly. Anyhow. I plan to have more up in about two weeks, if anyone's still interested. :/ Those still reading - you rock, and I commend you. It means a LOT to me. Review if you want, only if you want...and I WILL be back. Also, there is chinese food and Coco Puffs available as always, in the Food Room (first door on the right), and I'll be taking requests for other tasty snacks. Yours and in fact not dead -rf-[Chapter 62] Well, I was supposed to be back a few weeks ago...I guess what I'm hoping is that the title of this story holds true in real life, as a personal slogan. Either way, I'm now finally able to take something more from my strange imagination and put it on this screen. Thanks tremendously to my two awesome reviewers; you'll be getting overdue replies presently. But thanks also to anyone who's decided to read this story at any time. Evening was now upon England, and supper time was now upon the Dashwood household. Now, of course, Meghan was partaking in this supper time, and to say that it was awkward would be the very definition of an understatement. Jocelyn, not surprisingly, seemed to be the most chipper one at the table, even attempting to make some small conversation. She vigorously complimented Cook on the meal, which she daintily ate. Jocelyn had been the first. Meaning, the first to enter Henry's office, for his first excruciating revelation of the evening. After rising from his nap (most reluctantly), Lord Dashwood had beckoned his dearest mother in from where she was reading by the fire. He'd had the funniest look on his face that Jocelyn had ever observed, except possibly for that incident about five years ago, when he'd been hit in the stomach by a flying croquet ball. Within a minute, Henry was staring almost pleadingly into the eyes of someone else who shared Daphne's blood; the last of three currently in the house. He almost said something along the order of: \"Mother, there's something I must tell you.\", but thought again when he noticed Jocelyn's demeanor. He knew that there was not much need for elaboration, and decided instead to simply hand over the birth certificate. The glowing expression that was already on Jocelyn's face did not change. She only read the document placidly, as if its information were redundant. Which it was. \"You already knew.\" \"Ah, you're receptive.\" \"And no one had to tell you.\" \"Not a soul.\" Henry shifted in his seat. \"I have never felt so bloody weird in all my life.\" He commenced to rubbing his forehead with both hands again, his elbows set on the messy desk in front of him. A few seconds of silence passed, until Henry briefly glanced up at his mother. \"You seem pleased.\" he grumbled. Jocelyn leaned in a bit closer. \"Well, I am, dear! Elated, really. After all these years, thinking this was it, nothing else, only to discover that my own son -\" \"Oh, for God's sake, Mother!\" \"Why, there's nothing to be ashamed of -\" \"No, no, stop there please.\" Henry got up to stare out the window again. Jocelyn waited, glancing lovingly at the birth certificate once more. \"You can't tell me that you don't feel the least bit strange.\" Henry said. \"No, I cannot.\" Jocelyn replied. \"This is strange indeed. But we should accept it as something good.\" Henry turned sharply. \"Well, excuse me if I'm a bit farther behind you in the acceptance process!\" \"I understand.\" the woman said, as she rose from her seat and approached her son, who was facing away again. She handed him that precious school picture, which made his eyes widen. He swallowed, his gaze locked on the image. Jocelyn did understand. It was just hard to contain the incredible love she already felt for this young girl she'd never met. And she knew that in good time, Henry would share that love. This wonderful prospect was central in Jocelyn's thoughts this night, as she kept with her task of warming the atmosphere with lovely observations. Not so with the thoughts of Glynnis, which in themselves were few and far between, for Glynnis was not much of a thinker. But dark clouds were swirling around her tiny brain as she nibbled on gourmet food, and a hideous scowl refused to leave her face. Then again, if it were to leave her face, the hideousness would not much improve. And who had been second in line? Most unfortunately for many involved, Glynnis had the title of \"fiancée\" graced upon her shoulders. That meant the she was next on the priority list of those to be informed of the new developments. And, being all too aware that her future mother-in-law had come in before her, Glynnis had a bone to pick. \"Why the devil are you favoring your mother over me yet again? You're nothing but a dim little boy, Henry.\" \"...Never mind. I need you to listen.\" \"Why? You never listen to me. It's always the same. I'm never important.\" \"Glynnis, please...\" \"Do you know what it is like to be constantly ignored? Like I'm just a gigantic doll you place beside you in public to help your own appearance?\" For a tiny second, Henry pondered what level of accuracy that statement actually carried. The thought was then thrown from his mind. \"Glynnis.\" \"And I am to stand there and look so very pretty and plastic-like...\" \"Glynnis! You can let me inform you of these circumstances myself, or I can speak with your father, and you can hear it from him. Which of these strikes your fancy?!\" This silenced Glynnis. It was a beautiful silence, but Henry had not the condition to enjoy it. In any case, it didn't last long. \"Circumstances?\" Henry shut his eyes, sighing deeply, one hand propping his head. \"I've discovered there was more to my family than previously known.\" This sentence struck him as being strange, as soon as he'd said it. He felt unable to word anything correctly. Glynnis looked thoughtful, swirling the strange sentence around in her mouth, then proceeding to spit out: \"Have you been researching your ancestry?\" Henry felt yet more ridiculous. \"No. Glynnis, the facts are these. I've just been informed that a woman I was close to many, many years ago had a child, and that the child is mine.\" You could have electrocuted the woman, and she would not have looked more aghast. \"What?\" And Henry forced himself to elaborate, forced himself to relate to Glynnis his adventures in Morocco, the marriage that had never been legalized, the turmoil that had taken place, and painfully, the relation it all carried to Meghan, the informant. At the word \"mine\", the bulky woman had felt shock and the beginnings of anger. At the word \"Meghan\", she'd become absolutely livid. She'd stood up like a vulture staring down on Henry who, knowing what was coming, rolled backwards in his desk chair to avoid contact with Glynnis' stiff palm on the side of his face. \"Filthy! I'll throw that girl out by the collar, I promise you!\" \"You'll do nothing of the kind.\" Much more followed, of course, with numerous other words such as \"liar\" and \"sham\" and \"You're this close to losing me as your bride, THIS CLOSE!\". Finally the future Lady Dashwood stomped from the room, heading to her bedchamber to heave miserable tears. Which she planned to do again after supper, to show Henry just how much he'd wronged her and get him to open his heart wide (and his checkbook wider) to Glynnis and only Glynnis. At the present moment, she was contemplating the sulky look she'd be giving him when he'd finally come to bed that night. Meanwhile, Alistair was contemplating other things. He had been summoned after his daughter - this had come as an interruption to his thoughts of sabotage and fiendish plans. Which to Henry had looked like examining Parliamentary records, as the man's job entailed. The actual discussion was peculiar, with Henry's being perplexed as to disclosing something so personal in a businesslike manner. On Alistair's end, he at first had to act more surprised than he actually was (as he'd done the night before), trying to contain and hide the fury that boiled inside him. He'd immediately deemed the entire thing preposterous, already suggesting they take action against these criminals called the Reynolds. Oh, yes, he remembered \"that woman\", he said, he had not really been fond of her, he said. But then, Alistair was hit with true surprise, as he was handed an authentic, official document from the state of New York - one that was copy-proof and forgery-proof. And then there was undeniable proof - a picture of the girl herself, with the name of a school photo company lightly printed over and over on the back. The name of a high school was printed as well, directly below Daphne's smiling face. Now, he might've said something on the order of, \"She could've named anyone as the girl's father.\" True. But the dates held. And regardless of that, no one could have manipulated that photo enough to achieve the realistic perfection it had. It was enough to win this \"Daphne Reynolds\" a chance, at least. Alistair was trapped. And so, his body had gone stiff, as he'd quickly gone into \"let's take appropriate action as to what shall be done next\" mode - only to have Henry tell him that such action had already been taken. And it included Meghan's residing with the family, at least for the time being. Alistair had never dreamed of hating someone more than he hated Libby Reynolds. But as of now, he did in fact hate Meghan Reynolds even more. Adding to his overwhelming frustration Wednesday night was the fact that he couldn't even so much as scowl at the girl; a luxury which his daughter Glynnis enjoyed. He was expected to be businesslike, and that meant he had to sit and politely eat in his usual stiff manner. He'd simply have to make a new plan. She would go down. It was only a question of how. On another note, there was the matter of the one remaining family member: the intolerable Clarissa, who was not even seated at the table that night. And she had been most intolerable, when her turn had finally come. Alistair had remained in the office with Henry, to give Clarissa \"emotional support\", feeling inclined to add that things might've gone better with Glynnis had the same been done for her. But Alistair's \"emotional support\" had done nothing to subdue Clarissa. Upon being told the momentous news, Clarissa had risen from her chair, silent, her face stony and blank. She'd left the office then, crossing the hall to a nearby bathroom and shutting the door. After which, she'd promptly begun crashing and bashing whatever she could find inside, screaming numerous expletives as she did so. Alistair and Ganes had been forced to break into the bathroom by means of removing the doorknob, grabbing the thrashing girl by the arms and legs and carrying her to her bed. Her grandfather only pretended to reprimand her, later suggesting that she call a friend and request a place to stay for a few nights. Not long after this, a car took Clarissa away. Meghan had watched out of her bedroom window as the car was leaving. She was glad that Faye had gotten out long beforehand, and she considered whether staying here rather than going with her was exactly the brightest idea. She'd heard the chaos that had taken place, followed by Glynnis briefly yelling at - she guessed - Henry: \"You see?! You see what this has already done to our family?!\" Thus, as grateful as Meghan was not to have Clarissa dining with her quite yet, she still felt uncomfortable beyond measure. She tried to focus on Jocelyn's happiness, as she often did, rather than paying mind to glaring Glynnis and the madman that was Alistair. As for Henry, whom Meghan observed to seem even more uncomfortable than she was and exhausted besides - he simply cut his meat and ate it vigorously, in a hurry to escape to his office again. Maybe he'd sleep there tonight. Everything seemed difficult in Meghan's world at that moment. What wasn't difficult was tragic instead; on top of all the stress of what people were going to think of Daphne, she also had the constant, throbbing pain left by a boy named Lucas. Her love for him was still there and beyond her control, despite what he had done. At least he'd never told her secret. Clarissa had made that clear a few hours ago, with her crashing and bashing. Obviously, Clarissa had not known about Daphne before tonight. But as much as Meghan wished this could redeem Luke, it could not. It would be like believing that Alistair had redeemed himself by returning her locket. The fact was, Luke did not care for her. He was against her, as others were. There were good things, though. Faye was her friend again and was feeling better, and Faye's father was in the process of assembling a case for the restaurant's reopening. And Meghan had kept her promise to Daphne. She hoped she'd kept the one made to Aunt Libby as well, though Meghan herself couldn't judge her own level of responsibility. Meghan didn't tend to think much about Meghan. But down the street, someone else was thinking about her constantly. And he would be tossing and turning in his bed that night, telling the wall how much he loved that girl and always would.[Chapter 63] Eventually, Luke was able to finally escape the protection of Fallow's and its co-owners, when one of the typical black luxury vehicles pulled up outside of the store. And despite his misery and annoyance, he did make sure to thank said store owners profusely. \"I'll repay you somehow, believe me. When I can think of a way.\" \"Nonsense. We were only doing our job as decent, upstanding citizens.\" Gus and Mick's humility was impenetrable, but Luke made sure to place them and their good deed safely in the back of his mind. He planned to make good on his vow to reward them. Especially seeing as right now, the two men seemed to be the only allies he had. Since he was in no particular hurry to face his family, he bade the driver to take him to the Winthrop residence. Maybe there, perhaps, he could get some answers as to why Meghan was at Dashwood Manor - or, if he were lucky, she would be back at the Winthrops' herself. At the very least, he hoped they'd be willing to speak with him. He hadn't remembered seeing Faye at the ball; she hadn't seen what an arse he'd made of himself. But then, Meghan had probably filled her in. And there were still those newspapers and wretched tabloids... His car soon pulled up in front of the cottage, just as it had the night before. Luke stepped out, walked to the door, and rang the bell. And who should it be but Faye herself that answered the door? Still holding the doorknob on the inside, Faye stared for a few moments. A fleeting look of surprise passed over her, leaving a grim, slightly resentful look in its place. \"Mr. Brenshire.\" she acknowledged in a cold but forcibly cordial tone. \"Hello, Faye.\" Luke said, giving her a sheepish smile. \"Do you mind if I speak with you?\" Faye hesitated, looking back into one of the rooms. Luke wondered if her other family members were in there, waiting, silent, shocked at his arrival. Finally, Faye moved carefully around the door and stepped outside. She clasped her hands together and stood up straight, gazing at Luke diplomatically. \"Yes?\" He was quiet for a moment. \"Well, first off, it's good to finally meet you.\" Faye gave him a slight nod, indifferent. \"You as well.\" Luke began to feel more uneasy as he paused, looking away, trying to gather his thoughts. \"Right, thank you. I was wondering if you could help me. I'm trying to find a way to speak with Meghan...is she still at Dashwood Manor?\" \"Yes.\" \"Yes. Alright. Might I ask why?\" He saw Faye's eyes darken at this. \"Well, I think it's very rude of you to ask why, considering it's none of your business.\" Luke became even more sheepish. \"Faye...I know that I seem undeserving of any further information, but I care deeply for Meghan, and I really need your help.\" \"Mr. Brenshire, am I expected to believe that you care for her in the smallest way, after what you've done?\" \"No, you're not. But please, I must know - is she there to avoid me, or is there another reason?\" Faye looked away. \"I'm surprised you don't know. You likely had a hand in it.\" Luke was puzzled. \"Hand in what?\" Faye looked at him again, almost incredulous at his lack of awareness. \"Her kidnapping, Mr. Brenshire.\" He was immediately taken aback. \"W...What?!\" The blonde was silent, studying him. \"Kidnapping?! By whom?!\" Faye laughed darkly. \"You wouldn't believe me if I told you. No one else does, except Meghan herself.\" \"But you know who it was?\" \"Oh, yes. I saw it.\" \"Tell me. I can promise you that I'll believe.\" He already had a bit of an idea...Faye was hesitant. \"I still find it very strange that you're so oblivious to the culprit, actually. For it makes utmost sense that you could've grabbed Clarissa to make Meghan run from the building, outside, where she was vulnerable, to have Alistair Payne seize her and attempt to ship her back to New York, and then give you a healthy sum for your troubles.\" Luke was now burning with rage toward that sick old man. How dare he?! How dare he lay a hand on her?! Nevertheless, Luke kept his tone even for Faye, grateful that she'd disclosed to him the information. \"I believe your account, wholeheartedly. But be assured that I had no part in it. I'd never be a part of something so evil, and regardless, Alistair had nothing to bribe me with. I've more money than I know what to do with, unfortunately.\" Faye was silent again, for a moment, before finally speaking. \"It really doesn't matter whether you were involved or not. Not now. Meghan is safe, nonetheless. And you are a pig, nonetheless.\" Luke's sorrow rose up again, from beneath his fury. \"Faye.\" he said desperately, \"I know that I must seem horrible, and that I have nothing to prove otherwise. But you must believe me. Something took my mind. I thought it was Meghan I was kissing last night.\" The girl looked at him, blankly. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Brenshire, but everything you've just said sounded absurd. And in any case,\" Faye said, \"there's nothing I can do for you.\" She opened the door and walked inside, throwing him a last, quick glance. And then Luke was alone, feeling an almost lethal mix of pain and anger. He carried this with him back to his luxury car. Inside it, his face in his hands, he was driven away from the Winthrops'. That night, amid the second onset of repeated phone calls from an arrogant, foolish young man, Meghan sat in the room she'd been given, staring at the wall. Those calls seemed more frantic - at least, according to Ganes. Luke had apparently found out about the private jet incident, and for some reason, seemed concerned about it. Meghan couldn't fathom why he would be, however. Downstairs, before, she'd heard one of the calls - while Henry had been up in his office, informing Jocelyn of her granddaughter. Up until that moment, Jocelyn and Meghan had been talking pleasantly in the parlor, in front of a crackling fire. Then Henry had shown up in the doorway and asked that his mother come with him. She'd risen, and had winked at Meghan as she'd left the room. Ten minutes later, the phone rang. \"I must speak with Meghan!\" she'd heard faintly as Ganes pressed the phone to his ear. The butler had glanced at Meghan, who shook her head, closing her eyes. She'd looked away, trying to prevent the tears from falling... \"I'm sorry, Master Lucas, but she does not wish to speak with you.\" \"Tell her that I'm begging her. I beg that she give me a chance.\" She'd stood up then, and had left the room. While in the hall, she'd heard Ganes gently set down the receiver, breaking the connection. Now, as that phone and others throughout the mansion incessantly rang - by now going unanswered - Meghan was at a loss as to what to do next. She was seriously considering an early bedtime. But whatever she did, she wouldn't be leaving this room. The idea of that terrified her. She remembered another extremely recent conversation. Just after supper, while Meghan was in this very room, she'd heard shuffling as someone approached her door. She'd thought they'd keep right on going. Instead, there came a knock. It had startled her. The first image that had come to her mind was of the worst possible scenario - a placid-sounding Alistair, requesting he be let in to breathe more poison down her neck. Within a few seconds she realized that it could be the butler, perhaps at his wits' end, there to persuade Meghan to talk to the wretched boy already. But neither of these were the case. \"Meghan, may I come in?\" came the exhausted voice behind the door. Henry. She'd opened the door for him. The object of his stopping in was to discuss the disclosure - or rather, non-disclosure - of events and situations to others outside this household or that of the Winthrops'. Since Meghan would be back at Jasperstone tomorrow, Henry had suggested that it would be best not to inform anyone outside of this circle of the attempted kidnapping, or of the relation he held to her cousin. Also, no one other than her host-family was to be aware of her temporary living arrangements. Not even those residing in New York, apparently. \"They will know soon enough, I'll venture to say.\" He had acknowledged. \"Many people will know soon enough. But we don't want an uproar. Alistair is very persnickety about these things, and I decided that it would be better that I tell you rather than for you to hear it from him.\" Meghan had nodded, extremely grateful. \"The Winthrops have been informed of this, and Clarissa is to follow the same rule. Until...progress is made, this is no business of the public.\" He'd half-smiled. Henry had not wanted to seem cold. \"I understand.\" As he'd approached the door to exit, he'd very reluctantly told her that the Brenshires had been informed as well. Her face had taken on a distant look as she nodded. Henry had paused for a few seconds. \"Meghan, again, I'm very sorry.\" he'd told her, and sympathy did coat his words. \"Goodnight, now.\" That was forty-five minutes ago. Meghan had long finished unpacking and arranging things to her satisfaction, and she'd already done a fair amount of staring out the window. Out at the nighttime version of that perfect courtyard, at the lit fountain in its center, and she'd watched the water trickle down. Perhaps the best thing to do really was to go to bed. She donned her pajamas that Faye had brought, no longer needing Jocelyn's nightgown. Meghan stared at the pattern on those pajamas: cows jumping over moons. Even her St. Patrick's Day slippers had been delivered to her. Meghan set them daintily in front of the chair, next to the moccasins and the strappy heels. She was struck by the contrast the pajamas and slippers held to her surroundings. Funky and fun against classy and dignified. Meghan shuffled to the bed and pulled down the covers. She switched off the light as she crawled in, and caught a whiff of the fancy potpourri that sat in a basket on the nightstand. She curled up into a tight ball, lying on her side. It was unlikely that the thick down comforter would truly protect Meghan from Alistair, or from her own heartbreak. But pretending that it would was a tremendous help. Meghan burrowed down into the fabric and closed her eyes. Hoped you liked these. :) Sorry I don't have more right now, but I will be back. I'm still writing. Thanks very much again to all of you. Leave feedback if you'd like, I'm always happy to read it. -rf-[Chapter 64] First and foremost: If you are reading this, thank you. You are incredible. Second: I realize there's nothing much I can say for myself. I've been ashamed for such a long time, worried my heart couldn't be in this anymore, focusing on anything and everything else. But I've finally realized that regardless of what an a*s I've made of myself, I should finish what I started, and finish it properly. So here's what I've got. I'm grateful to anyone who reads it. Thanks also to RandomRiter for giving me the jolt I needed. It was interesting, I thought, to ride in a shiny black luxury car belonging to your cousin's dad, alone, in your Jasperstone uniform, wringing you hands, until said car stopped about a block away from the school, where you were to step out and start walking toward that school, while still nervously wringing your hands. That's right. I think in run-on sentences. Or floating bits, one of the two. In case you hadn't noticed. I won't bother telling you about the gawking stares I received, like usual, as I walked alone through the imposing gates. Oh, wait, I just did...well, it would have gone without saying, anyway. Now, I was the EX of Lucas Brenshire. The one who'd been kicked to the curb and ground in with a gleaming leather shoe. Always another reason for all eyes to be on Meghan Reynolds. I would say that I was sick of it, but today the stares seemed trivial. I had no idea what the day would bring. Enough pity to make me lose breakfast? Probably. But other than that, I was clueless. What would happen when I saw Clarissa? I hoped with all of my heart that the trauma of her stepsister's existence would keep her not only away from the mansion, but out of the learning establishment as well. Just away from me, in general. I was terrified of her. I went through my first class fidgeting with apprehension, and it didn't let up for PE...if anything, it got worse. A couple of girls had it in for me, and when we paraded into the gym to start with our current unit - basketball - I was hit with glares as well as stares. And soon enough, I was hit with bright orange sports equipment. Twice. But they were only accidents. From the instructor's point of view, at least. I knew then that Clarissa had broken Lord Dashwood's rule. She had most likely spilled, to some members of her herd. In truth, I probably would've done the same thing in her position, confiding my secrets in a couple of my closest gal-pals. But then, I didn't associate with bullies and nimrods. And I'd never tell a secret to someone if I couldn't presume, with absolute certainty, that they'd keep it safe. Of course, those who palled around with Clarissa did have to consider the near-fatal consequences (i.e. what she'd do to them) if they made the world know what was going down - therefore humiliating her. So I wasn't exactly expecting a huge uproar to occur at any second. If one did, I'd probably end up causing it myself. So for now, at least, the jabs would be subtle. I tried to gather a little comfort from that...and wasn't very successful. My mind was in complete disarray. I was even more of a nervous wreck as I neared Ms. Blithe's classroom - this being despite knowing that, if Clarissa were even in there, she couldn't really do much against me without making a complete fool of herself. And her number one priority, most times, seemed to be keeping herself from being made a fool. It was right up there with making fools of everyone else. As I turned the door handle and stepped in, I delayed my own breathing without realizing it. I noticed that somehow, in the last few months, all of my New York gutsiness had been robbed of me. There she was, in her usual seat. In the few seconds I allowed my eyes to take her in before I averted them, I saw that she was bent over her desk, writing something. Probably another scheming threat in the form of a lame excuse for prose. I thought. I took my seat. The assignment for today was written on the board: we were to write an essay about the difference between coincidence and luck. I knew better than to analyze that too deeply; I wouldn't really need to, anyway, because Ms. Blithe looked to be asleep on top of her desk. Her face was planted in her folded arms, and her shoulder pads rose and fell in an even rhythm. I started to write aimlessly, but strangely, the topic overtook me. Soon I was writing an opinion piece, which I'm sure wasn't the desired format for this particular essay...but I didn't care. I felt so robbed of a voice. Fifty or so minutes later, I still hadn't received any threatening notes. I was just barely able to finish the essay before the bell rang, and you should have seen Ms. Blithe jump from her slumber at the noise. \"I...I want everything on my desk, whether you've finished or not.\" she stammered, her words slurring a bit with her drowsiness. We did as we were told, though I was careful to remain a safe distance from blonde, letting her brood shuffle out the door long before I approached it. When I did, I was surprised to see Clarissa in the hallway looking straight at me, over her shoulder as she walked. For about two seconds, I glimpsed a look I'd never seen on her before. She turned away, however, before I could analyze, and quickened her pace down the hall. I wondered if I'd imagined that look as I started toward my next drudgery of a class. The lunch hour had come, after two more grueling classes. I wasn't sure if this was good or bad. It wasn't as if I'd get a break from people staring holes into the back of my head. And no one properly used enough authority to stop anyone from taunting poor saps out in the courtyard. Maybe they thought it toughened girls up, or whatever. I was about to reluctantly join the lunch line when I heard the loudspeaker. \"Meghan Reynolds, please report to the headmaster's office.\" Great. Just great. They're going to expel me because I disrupted the peace by dating an aristocrat and then later had that aristocrat make out with another girl at a ball which only further served to disrupt the peace. Or worse. Maybe Alistair was there. Maybe right now, he was binding Mr. Raspron's hands and feet and putting a gag in his mouth and shoving him into a broom closet before making his bald self comfortable in the tufted swivel chair, so that when I came in and stopped just inside the doorway and murmured, \"Sir, you wanted to see me?\", the chair would swivel around dramatically and there would be Shakespeare with Evil Sauce, his eyes bulging like those of a hungry rat. He would then laugh in a disturbing way. I truly was paranoid. Turns out, what awaited me in the headmaster's office was neither of those things, nor was it anything else I could have ever thought to expect. Mr. Raspron was not trapped with a mop and bucket, and he wasn't preparing to stamp red ink all over my transcript. He only had a question. \"Miss Reynolds,\" he began, addressing me from where he sat behind his desk, \"How interested would you be in attending Oxford University?\" Luke didn't often use his last name to his advantage. Sure, there were the \"perks\" that inevitably came with it - the money, the prestige, the glittering balls - but he rarely deliberately used \"Brenshire\" as a source of power over anyone else. Today, to an extent, was one of those rare times he did. If anyone else had simply risen from his seat in the middle of class and walked out, they would have been pursued, and asked of what had given them the urge to do so. When he did this, the teacher only paused for a moment before resuming his lecture. If anyone else had trounced through the halls at a flustered pace without a hall pass, passing teachers who strolled by and monitors who stood watch, they would've been stopped by some person or another within seconds. When he did this, the teachers strolled on, seemingly oblivious. The monitors stared at the walls. If anyone else had pushed on through the gigantic double doors at the entrance to The Morris Brenshire School for Boys, someone burly would've come out and pulled him back in. When he did this, the guard at the front gate only watched him with curiosity. Furthermore, the large gate doors themselves slowly opened. No questions asked by anyone, anywhere. He was Lucas Brenshire. There must be good reason. The reason was that all through his classes, Luke had been thinking nothing but \"Meghan, Meghan, Meghan.\" He'd been drumming his fingers anxiously through every lesson, especially after he'd decided on his plan. The Jasperstone lunch break and the Morris lunch break were strategically held at different times. Jasperstone's was at 12:00, Morris's at 1:00. This was done to prevent boys from coming across to mingle and meander with girls, and vice-versa, which had happened in the past, despite the imposing stone walls. It had been at approximately 12:20 that Luke had left his class, forty minutes before its end. He doubted he would have to climb any walls, but if it came to that, he'd give it a try. He was going to speak with Meghan, and this might be his only chance. He didn't care what anyone at Jasperstone thought. This was the only window of time in which she wouldn't be guarded or hidden by someone else, and he wouldn't be impeded by crowds or cars or both. As he'd predicted, even the Jasperstone gates easily opened for him. He had only to make eye contact with the guard, who gave him a curious look in return but nonetheless didn't hesitate to grant access. Luke immediately came through and started straight for the back courtyard. He knew she'd be there. He'd seen her come to school. But she wasn't there. Not in her usual place by the fountain, where she'd told him she'd been banished. Not anywhere. And now, of course, hundreds of shocked eyes were on him. Luke grabbed at his collar, and nervous heat came over his face. He looked to the bench by the fountain again. Two girls sat there: the girl from Hong Kong, and Faye. He quickly walked to them. \"Faye,\" he hissed frantically. \"Where is Meghan?\" Faye had paused in the middle of chewing on a bite of sandwich. She swallowed and replied, matter-of-factly, \"She got called to the headmaster's.\" Luke looked this way and that, running his fingers through his hair, trying to decide whether or not he should go on in. It would be a risky thing, going in to interrupt whatever conversation was being had. If Headmaster Raspron was missing lunch, it must be something important. Luke was sure he wouldn't be allowed a word with Meghan, and word would get back to his family and numerous other people about his having disrespected authority. But she might be in there for the rest of the lunch hour, and he knew he couldn't wait out here in the courtyard. Everyone was staring at him. Soon, he'd be questioned. Luke was torn. But before he could make a decision, the flashes commenced. He turned around and saw that a number of paparazzi clowns had seen him leave school and had followed him onto the Jasperstone campus. Paparazzi were amazingly good at scaling walls when there was dirt to be collected. Luke had forgotten about them. Immediately, he bolted into the cafeteria, closed the doors behind him, and sunk down. All who were cooking and cleaning froze in their acts. \"What are you staring at?\" he asked them.[Chapter 65] Meghan's face took on a look of utter confusion as she sat opposite the headmaster, her hands fingering the hem of her plaid uniform skirt. \"Uh...what?\" Mr. Raspron's impending grin was trying desperately to make itself known. He knew this would be a shock, one hard to comprehend...and the look on the girl's face was quite amusing. \"Just what I said. You did hear me correctly...?\" Meghan drew back, blinking quickly, trying to digest the situation. \"Yes, I heard, but...why would you ask me that?\" A chuckle. \"Because apparently, the institution I've just mentioned is highly interested in you.\" He placed a sealed envelope in front of her, one that bore the Oxford crest in the upper corner. Meghan gazed at it for a second. She remained puzzled. \"Again, why?\" \"Someone brought your name to their attention, and for some reason they're intrigued.\" Meghan thought about this, and a slow half-smile started to form. \"Lady Dashwood?\" Mr. Raspron smiled back, though his expression was strange. \"Well, yes, she's involved, for reasons that are beyond me. But she's not the one I'm referring to.\" \"Then who?\" \"Prudence Blithe.\" Meghan was again taken aback. Ms. Blithe? The exceptionally heavy sleeper who was also exceptionally dull and exceptionally rigid? Impossible! \"What? How? No way.\" Meghan couldn't stop herself from blurting surprised interjections. \"Ah, I couldn't believe it either. But it was she herself who referred you to them initially. Apparently, you're an excellent writer, and your cumulative grades have skyrocketed since you've arrived here.\" Meghan stared downward, shaking her head. None of this was making sense. Ms. Blithe never cared about how well anyone wrote; she cared only about grammatical mistakes, which she would scout out like a bloodhound when correcting assignments, never hesitating to bark. The bulky woman was so disinterested during class time that Meghan rarely saw her awake past the twenty minute mark, unless of course some Payne or another was entertaining her. And as for Meghan's grades? They'd always, always been just good enough, and nothing more. \"I...really don't believe this. There must be a mix-up or something.\" \"Not so. Prudence submitted your work to the university, admittedly without much hope. But as you gained...notoriety, they started to re-examine you. For some strange reason this led them to contact Lady Dashwood who, curiously enough, endorsed you. Now, in case you weren't aware of this, Miss Reynolds, both her son and her late husband were alumnus of the university and the family continues to be a major benefactor. If a Dashwood endorses you, you're in, irrefutably.\" Why on Earth would Ms. Blithe care where Meghan continued her education? Why would Lady Dashwood put in such a good word without a valid reason? Why would she then not say anything about it? \"So, that said - what's your answer?\" Meghan looked up. \"What?\" \"You haven't answered my question. Would you be interested?\" He picked up the envelope and held it out to her. Since when is he so friendly and generous? Is he getting a cut of the university funds? Meghan thought. \"Take it, at least. Think about it.\" But there was nothing to think about. Maybe Jocelyn had thought she was...well, Daphne, when she'd made that so-called \"endorsement\". In any case, however, the entire thing was ridiculous. Out of her price-range and out of her mind-range. Out of the question. \"I - I can't...\" That very second, a piercing noise filled the room. Lyle, the head chef at Jasperstone Academy (yes, that's right, the head chef of school lunches), was an extraordinary cook with a passion for food. He considered his work an art form, one which he took very seriously. Therefore, when he was in the midst of creating something delicious, it was insisted on that there be no distractions to drive him from his focus. His one main flaw: he was easily distracted. Which is why, while he was preparing something that involved hot oil and an open flame, it was not the ideal moment for a junior aristocrat to burst in unannounced, followed by several flashing cameras that bashed into the kitchen door like crows flying into a clean glass window. Before anyone knew what was happening, a bright whoosh! rose out of the grill. Lyle jumped out of the way, while shouts came from every direction. The boy, Luke, looked on in horror for a few seconds as an alarm started to blare. Someone grabbed an extinguisher and blasted it at the flame as if he were holding a machine gun. Before Luke could feel guilt for yet another disaster he'd caused, he dashed from the room and into the school halls. A few teachers and faculty were hurrying down these halls, making their escape before whatever had set off the alarm could get to them. \"Well, it's lucky all the girls are - \" one started to say, before sighting Luke a few feet away. \"Lucas? What are you doing here? You've got to get outside.\" \"I - wait, I am, but - \" \"Go on, then.\" And so Luke was walking, and several school staff members followed him at a brisk pace. He walked until he ran straight into - \"Lucas! Darling!\" Whereas he had been on his way out, Clarissa Payne had been on her way in. And she looked the phoniest kind of anxious. \"Thank goodness I've found you! I had to make sure you got out alive!\" she gushed, ever the drama queen. Luke abruptly gathered himself and walked around her. \"Excuse me, dear, but I believe I'm speaking to you.\" \"Move ALONG, Clarissa.\" One of the teachers barked. The blonde quickly shuffled along to keep pace with the object of her affection. \"I'm sorry to be stern with you, darling, but this is an emergency! And this on top of those dreadful photographers...I was oh so very worried about you.\" \"Curl up and die, Clarissa.\" Luke muttered. \"Yes, I almost DIED at the thought of something happening to you.\" They exited the building, and it was then that Luke's luck and timing became its most miserable yet. There was the headmaster, two receptionists, a janitor, and Meghan Reynolds, standing at the back of the crowds. \"Oh no, there she is, love.\" Clarissa crooned in mock sympathy. \"Don't worry; we can break it to her gently.\" At the sound of Clarissa's voice, Meghan slowly turned to face them, and was immediately taken aback. \"Meghan!\" Luke sputtered. \"Now, now, dear, don't be too abrupt.\" advised Clarissa, feigning concern. \"What in blazes are you talking about?\" Luke shouted in reply. He turned back to Miss Reynolds. \"Meghan, please, listen to me - \" \"She's going to find out the truth some way or another.\" Clarissa remarked. \"Be gentle, but don't stall.\" At this, disbelief mounted in Meghan's eyes, and she shook her head slowly in shock, her mouth slightly agape. Then, she retreated into the crowds. \"No! Wait!\" Luke called after her. He started to follow, but was held back - by Clarissa on one side, and a random teacher on the other. \"Oh, no, you don't.\" The random teacher told him. \"You leave that poor girl alone. You've caused her enough pain as it is.\" \"I need to rectify what I've done.\" he told the man, trying to shake Clarissa off as he did so. Clarissa, meanwhile, was murmuring inane lines softly enough to sound sympathetic but loudly enough for others to hear and therefore gather a certain impression. \"It's alright, sweetheart, you'll speak with her soon. Perhaps she's just not ready, but soon she'll understand. And then we can be together without worry. Don't fret - \" Luke turned to look her straight in the eye. \"Stop. Your. LYING.\" he snarled, wrenching his arm from her grasp. He then let himself be escorted, by aforementioned teachers, toward the school's exit. Well, I hope these were at least somewhat enjoyable. I want everyone to know that I know how this story will end, that this has not been a neverending make-up-as-I-go fic, despite its length. And I am determined to finally ride it through. Next two will be up Sunday at the LATEST. I will respond personally to anyone who reviews. I truly and sincerely apologize.[Chapter 66] Well, it's late, but Sunday (where I am), and here I present you with two more chapters as promised. To everyone who reviewed: It's beyond a thank you. I must tell you that you've made me incredibly happy. I'll be starting my replies to you after this. But to ANYONE who's reading, I am most grateful. Hope you enjoy. Fortunately, though the kitchen was left considerably charred, the fire was eventually put out. Nonetheless, the general consensus among faculty was that it would be best to let everyone go home. \"I'm not about to go back in there. The halls reek of smoke.\" said Mr. Harlison, who really just wanted to get home early to catch a TV cricket game he would've otherwise missed. Also, his socks needed reorganizing and the neighbor's dog was probably digging holes in his yard again. Meghan was left crying on Faye's shoulder in a far corner of the schoolyard while the crowds thinned out. One thoughtful schoolmate - Ayaka from Hong Kong - was nice enough to bring out their book bags. Faye handed Meghan hers as she murmured words of encouragement. \"There, there, I know it hurts, but it will get better. I promise.\" \"How could he...how...\" Meghan sobbed. \"Shh, it's alright.\" They heard someone call Clarissa's name. Apparently, her ride was here. \"I'm not riding with her. If a car comes to take her to the Dashwoods, I'm not getting in.\" \"Mum and me will take you. It'll be alright.\" Faye reassured her, before seeing Miss Payne herself sashay over to an unknown luxury vehicle with one of her friends. \"She's going with Ruth Morton, anyway.\" Faye held Meghan for about a minute more, before Meghan pulled away, trying to gather herself. Sniveling, she slung her book bag over her shoulder, wiping her eyes with her free hand. \"Thank you.\" she told her friend. \"I'll hear nothing of that. This is what I'm here for.\" said Faye. \"Now, how to get home. Mum's at work and Dad's negotiating with his attorney. We'll walk home. Then when Mum's off we'll drive you to the manor.\" \"And Clarissa won't be there?\" Meghan asked, though Faye couldn't possibly have answered that with certainty. \"Not as far as you're concerned.\" was the reply. Meghan smiled the tiniest bit, and they started for the gate. The headmaster, who was \"keeping things in order\" just outside (really he just wanted to look good for the press, representing the school and how much it \"cared for the students' safety\"), stopped them as they began to leave. \"Miss Reynolds, I want you to consider this.\" he said, taking the Oxford envelope out his jacket. \"You have plenty of time to turn it down.\" And there was plenty of potential sponsorship money to be had, he thought. Not caring anymore, Meghan sighed and took what Mr. Raspron held out to her, shoving it in her book bag. Maybe that way, she could forget about it easily. The two began walking in the direction of Faye's cottage, and were about 100 feet away from the school before they heard someone say \"Miss Reynolds.\" again. It was the driver of the Dashwood limousine. He'd brought the car to a crawl behind them, and was now parking it along the sidewalk. Meghan looked to Faye. \"Come with me?\" she asked, as the driver got out and walked back to hold the door open for her. \"Of course.\" At the same time, at about 8:24am in the Eastern Time zone of the United States, three women stood shivering in Times Square, gawking at a giant Bugs Bunny Balloon. It was Thanksgiving morning, and Daphne was trying to enjoy the parade - but all she could think about was the one who should be eating turkey with them, who wouldn't be, this year. It had been Catherine's idea to go. They hadn't seen it in person in five years; the last time, her husband had accompanied them. But she'd thought it as a way of getting some fresh, exciting November air for a fresh, exciting new start to their lives. With all the changes that had taken place and all that were still to come, this was a chance for them to take advantage of what life brought them. Who knew where they'd be next year, she'd said. Until yesterday, Daphne had been manic with her studies (even more manic than usual), forcing herself as much as she could to think only of what was concrete, what was in her control. A week ago she had broken down, and called Meghan. But since hanging up the phone that time, she had resolved to keep her eyes dry, her focus sharp, and her face to the wind. She smothered her feelings in front of the world. On Saturday, the normal calling night, she'd tried her best to make Meghan believe she had gotten over everything and was standing strong. But it was only an outward portrayal of what Daphne wanted to be. It wasn't what she was, not in her mind. She'd always had this problem somewhat, off and on, for most of her life. But for the last few weeks, the battle between inner and outer character had been an especially difficult one, slowly escalating as time went by. There was a weird, restless impatience that nagged ever-so-subtle in Daphne's head. And now, what with it being Thanksgiving break for the next ten days, there'd be no homework to distract her from it. \"Daphne, why is your nose glued to the ground?\" Libby asked her daughter. \"You're missing the giant Elmer Fudd.\" \"Uh, I'm just looking at that guy's shoes.\" Daphne stammered, referring to a man standing in front of them whose shoes looked to be made of snakeskin. He was also wearing a Panama hat, which contrasted strangely with his thick leather jacket. Daphne was glad that the man was standing there with his interesting shoes conveniently located where her eyes were focused. Libby stole a glance. \"Hmm, I see, those are pretty cool.\" At that exact moment, the Panama hat blew off its owner's head. And Catherine, who'd been the only one facing upwards at the time, was able to make the save. \"Here you go.\" she said, handing the hat to someone in a leather jacket whom had gone a bit frantic all of a sudden. \"Thank you, ma'am.\" he'd said, relief in his expression as he took the hat and held it under his arm, opting not to place it back on his head. Daphne couldn't help but smile a bit at that. Not one smile could be seen in the Brenshire household, however, and facial expressions there grew even darker as the day wore on. Both Morris and Jasperstone had phoned to inform Luke's family of what had taken place and how he had been involved in it. News reports continued his sad story on television, and unflattering photographs were sure to appear in tomorrow's periodicals. Lillith Brenshire was not at all pleased with her son's actions. Her ladyship liked to think of herself as a respectable woman, and she wanted her family to behave in a respectable way. In general, her husband gave her the most worry in that regard. Though it was a problem kept hidden or overlooked in the realm, Lord Brenshire's drinking sometimes led him to do strange things, which required his wife to keep careful watch of him. Her daughter was an educated young woman who carried herself with poise and was delightful company to those who knew her. Her son had strange views of things, to be sure, but still had always possessed a fair amount of dignity and had never truly given his mother a reason to fear embarrassment. Until Miss Meghan, that was. Now, at the root of things, Lillith had never really cared for Clarissa Payne, whom everyone else seemed to think was the most suitable match for Lucas. Clarissa seemed a bit devious in Lillith's opinion, a bit unruly, seemed to have a strange agenda. Lady Brenshire would have much preferred a different girl for Luke when he did decide to openly date. Meghan Reynolds was not quite the kind of girl she had in mind, to be sure. The press had been having an absolute field day ever since she had been revealed as her son's \"girlfriend\", and Luke had become a bit more loose with the way he acted in public. He'd seemed to relax to the point of being headed for carelessness. This had given Lillith some anxiety, but nothing could have prepared her for the incident at the ball and what followed. Regardless of whatever could be said against Miss Reynolds, Lucas had blatantly wronged her in front of the worst audience possible, before acting like a complete loon from that point forward. And now this, the disregarding of academic authority, the trespassing on Jasperstone grounds, the kitchen fire that was rumored to have actually been caused by him...it had taken the last of Lillith's patience. Which was why she now sat across from the boy, in the parlor, giving him the sternest reprimandation. She'd summoned her husband, who was a bit more sober than usual for a day away from Parliament, asking that he sit beside her to help them present themselves as a \"unified front\". Admittedly, she didn't hold much faith in that prospect, but it was worth a try. Then, she'd gone to fetch Luke, who'd been about to start another onslaught of calls to Dashwood manor. \"Put it down. Now.\" she'd commanded, referring to the phone in his hand. Confused, he had done so. \"Come with me.\" she'd said next. Luke had known by his mother's tone that she was about to add to his misery. But the respectful thing to do was to rise and follow her out of the room. And so, he had. Within a minute he had been seated in front of his parents. His father, whose hand Lillith had pinned down with her own, attempted to look strict, but only looked exhausted. His wife, however, was a force to be reckoned with. \"You've not a shade of an idea of the grief you are causing this family.\" Lillith stated. \"Your relationship with the girl was preposterous enough, but you have managed to disgrace even that. And you thought of her so highly? You humiliated her. And you are humiliating all of us.\" Luke could only look on, hating every inch of the figurative prison of shame he'd landed in. \"Do you know what you've done? Are you aware of the absolute fool you're making of yourself? Incessantly phoning the Dashwoods for reasons beyond me. Clowning around for the press. Traipsing on private grounds. Flaunting a status you never earned...\" Lillith paused for a moment, looking away and taking a breath. \"Those things in mind, let me enlighten you on your current situation. Lord Dashwood has phoned us personally, asking that you cease your constant phone calls and informing me that you are banned from Dashwood Manor indefinitely.\" For Luke, this was a dagger to the stomach. The man he looked to for guidance, the man he most respected and admired, considered him dead. \"You have also, apparently, been forbidden to set foot on the Jasperstone Academy premises, also indefinitely. And the money we will donate to restore the burnt kitchen shall come directly from your account.\" Take it all. Please. It won't affect me in the least. Luke thought. \"And lastly, our personal mandates. For the next month you will not leave this house but to attend school. For the month following that you will appear in public with the family only. You shall have no \"palm pilot\" until February 2004.\" Not one of these mattered. Only that he was banned from the Dashwoods, and was being prevented from seeing the girl he longed to be with. \"Finally, under no circumstances are you to bother that Reynolds girl, ever again. You ruined her life by forcing her into a world she didn't belong to, only to toss her out like rubbish. And then, what, you stalk her? No. It ends here.\" Luke tried one pitiful plea. \"Mother, I have to at least make my case. I have to tell her what happened. I lost my sanity somehow. I was ill. I didn't know up from down. I felt poisoned. I don't know how, but it's the truth. Please.\" His mother examined him for a few moments, stock still, completely silent. \"I'll never know the truth, Lucas. But if you must, you may use your free time this month to write her a final letter, to attempt to apologize for your actions. Someone else is to deliver it.\" Luke said nothing. \"These are our restrictions, but for one more. You are to stay away from Clarissa Payne.\" That was the most beautiful thing he'd heard in days.[Chapter 67] Despite her outer façade of complete, domineering control to Lucas and most of the general public, Clarissa was an unstable pit of gushing lava within. Henry, Daddy Dearest, had sat in front of her and told her that he'd had a child with a relative of that wretched exchange student. The same girl that'd slammed into her on her critical first day back at Jasperstone. The same girl who felt entitled to hang around the manor anytime she pleased. And the same girl who'd staked an unrightful claim on her dear beau. It was outrageous. It was mad. It was simply impossible. But he had looked at her, his face like stone, utterly serious. So, she'd gone to throw a tantrum. Later, she'd cried ever-so-dramatically to Ruth and Prathabelle (Prat for short), begging for comfort and promising them torturous lives and ruined reputations should they ever eek a word to anyone else. She intended to stay at Ruth's for at least a week, for three reasons: 1. To stay away from the sick creature called Reynolds who'd ruined her life, 2. To convey a message to Henry that she'd never forgive him and make him realize that maybe someone should have \"put a cork in it a long time ago\", and 3. To make sure Ruth was thoroughly clear on what the consequences would be if she opened her mouth. Clarissa reminded her and Prat of this every day, in creepy sing-songy reminders that oozed subtle viciousness. Despite her intimidating demeanor, and despite the delicious betrayal she'd caused at the dance, Clarissa was not feeling her best. Actual emotions threatened to surface, though the most prevalent emotion she felt was pure rage. If one were to have examined her mind, one would have been surprised to discover how authentic that rage actually was. Clarissa tended to exaggerate her moods (though she'd never admit to that; it was rather obvious to most people anyway), but no amount of exaggeration could have amplified this feeling more than it already was. Clarissa's hands were tied for the time being, just like Alistair's, as far as striking back went. Only, while Alistair was out to get rid of Meghan and her family to support his own career ambitions, Clarissa had wanted revenge, plain and simple. Until now, she'd had no reason to fear losing her status. Her main reason for hating Meghan was that the girl was becoming as popular as she was, and had stolen her Lucas. She'd gotten some sweet payback at the ball, it was true. And to see the girl cry in the corner with Fried Wizracket had given Miss Payne much pleasure. But it wouldn't last long if Luke kept evading her, or if he were to somehow make Meghan believe he still loved her, and that the kiss wasn't his fault. All that Clarissa could do was make as many people as possible believe that she and Luke were \"secretly together\", until she could figure out another way to cause torment. Maybe if it got bad enough, the girl would fly back to the New York sewers where she belonged. I was unbelievably glad that Clarissa had not returned, and that word was she'd be staying until this time next week, or later. I was also lucky enough to be free of Alistair this night, with him being off at some kind of business dinner or something. But Glynnis, who ironically was the lesser of the three evils, was not absent in the least. She tried her best to make her presence known every second, in fact, as she chomped loudly at the dining table. Faye was here, though. She'd been invited to stay for dinner after keeping me company in my room for a few hours, talking to me about Luke and about Daphne. Now, she sat next to me, while Henry sat at the head of the table on my other side. Jocelyn was seated across from me, of which I was glad. She seemed content, as always. And she, along with Faye, kept the conversation going, chatting me up on lighter subjects to keep my spirits up. Henry and Glynnis didn't join in much, as Henry was too busy thinking, and Glynnis was too busy chomping. I was happy to see that both Dashwoods seemed to like Faye very well. Jocelyn in particular found her to be an excellent person to talk to. She was sure to let Faye know just how highly she thought of her as she rose from the table at the meal's end. \"You're welcome here anytime, dear, I hope you know that.\" she said, gently pushing her chair under the table. \"It was lovely talking with you.\" \"The pleasure was all mine, your ladyship.\" \"Ms. Dashwood will do, Faye darling. I shall be seeing you. And have a good night, Meghan.\" \"Good night.\" I told her, giving her the best smile I could. She smiled back, then went to pour herself a cup of tea, which she'd take to her bedroom. Glynnis then very loudly dropped her silverware onto her plate, before very loudly scooting herself and the chair backwards, then proceeding to stand up, bulky and imposing, turn and push her chair (very loudly) into the table. She gave Henry a hard, obvious look before stalking off with her plate. She almost tripped in the kitchen doorway. It was the hardest thing in the world for me not to laugh at that. Henry stared after her, bored, and unless I was seeing things, I think he actually rolled his eyes. As Faye and I started to stand, he held up one finger, signaling that we wait. We sat back down. In waltzed Gaines, holding a small platter with one of those shiny dome lid things covering whatever was on it. He seemed to actually be in a good mood as he did this, despite the never-ending phone calls he'd endured the last couple of days. He set the platter down in front of Faye and me, and with the utmost panache, removed the lid. There sat three small plates, each holding a slice of pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie! I couldn't believe it. I had completely forgotten that it was Thanksgiving. How in the world... \"Oh my, what a nice surprise!\" Faye exclaimed. How could anyone here have known what day it was today, let alone that pumpkin pie was the traditional dessert? I looked to Henry, who had a wry smile on his face as he snagged one of the plates for himself. \"Don't tell Mother.\" he said with a wink. I smiled. \"How did you know...?\" He passed a plate to me and one to Faye. \"Ah, my secret.\" With eyes wide, I cut a piece with my shiny fork and took a bite. It was delicious. Faye seemed to like it, too. \"Good?\" Henry asked, when his was already half-finished. We both nodded. \"Thank you.\" I told him. Now it was his turn to nod. \"Thought you might appreciate it.\" He polished the rest of his pie off in no time, and took his plate to the kitchen. He emerged a minute later, on his way to the office. He looked very fatigued and seemed to drag a bit as he walked. He stopped momentarily next to us. \"Well, Faye, it was splendid having you here. Hope to have you back. And you,\" he said, eyeing me directly. \"Sleep well.\" I knew he meant more than that. I answered honestly. \"I'll try.\" He gave a slight smile and patted my shoulder as he raggedly walked out. About an hour or two later, a feast was being set out at the Reynolds residence. Everyone was happy that Catherine had the day off, for once. Grandpa Reynolds was visiting from the senior home, and was watching the football game with vigor. A turkey had been delivered and was already sitting on the table. Daphne had helped Catherine make her special homemade dressing, while Libby had mashed the potatoes with enough force to make one think she had a vendetta against them. As the newly mashed potatoes were set on the feasting surface, the doorbell rang. Catherine ran to answer it. \"Mom! Dad! You're finally here.\" she said happily. Russ and Patricia Shore had arrived, and they both wore enormous grins. \"Brought the gravy!\" Russ announced, holding up a bundle of his famous concoction. \"Thank goodness.\" Catherine remarked. \"Libby pummeled those potatoes.\" \"Aunt Tricia! Uncle Russ!\" came a voice. \"Is that our Daffy?\" Indeed it was, and she'd wheeled Grandpa Reynolds in with her. The couple rushed in to greet them. \"Hello, sweetheart!\" said Patricia as she smothered Daphne in a hug. She insisted that the girl call her Aunt Tricia because she thought it made her sound younger and more hip. \"How ya doin', Pete?\" Russ asked Grandpa Reynolds. \"Great, except I'm missin' the game.\" \"Oh yeah! You know what, so am I!\" Russ agreed before giving Daphne a kiss on the cheek. \"Let's go on in there-\" \"It's time to eat right now.\" Libby told him as she walked up for a hug. She glanced around the corner at the television. \"And it's halftime anyway.\" Soon, the TV was off (for the time being), and they were well into a scrumptious meal. With six people there, conversation flowed, but Meghan's absence was still noticeable. \"I hope she had a nice Thanksgiving.\" Libby remarked. \"Though she's probably sleeping now.\" \"I hear both Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop are good cooks. Maybe they made her some turkey.\" \"If she asked for it. Maybe she forgot.\" \"Who are the Winthrops again? Are they the family she's staying with?\" Patricia asked. \"That they are.\" her daughter answered. \"Speaking of that.\" Russ said, with a mischievous smile. Everyone looked at him, and noticed a smile on his wife's face that mirrored his. Russ paused for a minute as they looked at each other. \"We've been thinking. It's starting to get a little boring around our neck of the woods...the last thing we did was our rock climbing trip, and that was what, three months ago?\" \"Almost.\" his wife confirmed. \"Yeah. And...also, we've been hearing that a certain someone has been missing her cousin very, very much. And that same someone will be out of school until a week from Monday.\" All was silent as Mr. Shore looked to his daughter's niece, whose eyes were already going wide. \"So Daphne, we have a proposition for you.\" So...what do you think of that? I'm excited. I'm so happy to be doing this again. Hope these were a good read. I will return in one week. -rf-[Chapter 68]  ","Summary":" Meghan's P.O.V. It had been an awesome party. All of our friends came, and the music was perfection"}]