[{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Playing Along","Author":"LittleTortillaDaddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12910165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'The Croods' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Eep/Guy. Warning(s): None. Word Count: 100. Guy doesn't say it around her family. Her father actually likes him for real this time but maintains hard rules on touching and too much affection. Eep volunteers her assistance in the lengthy morning process: feeding, dressing, and eventually taming Sandy into sitting still long enough to have her hair fixed. Guy supplies endless patience even as fingers jab his eyes and dig into his ears. It's a task which allows for both accidental and intentional touches. Her grandmother knows the game well but allows them to have the fun. Her father still considers them innocent. Sandy just plays along. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'The Croods' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Eep/Gu"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Disappointment and Games","Author":"LittleTortillaDaddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12910155","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'The Croods' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): gen. Warning(s): none. Word Count: 100. Gran is making those my son-in-law is a disappointment sound again. Eep is still too young to understand the meaning behind her sounds. Her groans and sighs are still a game, still, just a sleepy grandma who missed her nap time. Ugga knows better than to ask what the newest disappointment is since Gran will tell her anyway. Grug never burps Eep properly. Doesn't he know her spit up has the potential to draw predators? Does he want his daughter eaten? Grug will bring home a predator, but it doesn't stop her complaints. Why is he getting them scraps? Eep needs more food with things getting colder. Ugga shrugs like her mother is still just a sleepy woman who missed her nap. Eep is better at the game than her. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'The Croods' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): gen. W"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Croods to the Modern Day","Author":"adman000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13131044","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I question you, Seth,\" my adoptive sister, Eve, said to me in her native East-Delmarva accent, \"If we really are going through with this, then why are we using the Broadway font face?\" \"The retro look from 2000,\" I replied in my native Brooklyn accent. \"Good enough for me.\" \"Ready?\" I said, turning the final two switch circuits. \"When you are.\" I powered up the starter circuits, sucking all of the power within a mile-wide area. \"Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to connect it to the mains?\" \" Your idea, Seth.\" At that moment, a prehistoric version of our family was thrown onto the field where we were working. \"Dad…?\" The prehistoric Greg looked at Eve, rather confused, \"Eep…?\" \"I'm calling Greg,\" I said, pulling my Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL. He answered after a minute. \"Dad, Greg? Get over here!\" \"What for?\" \"No time to explain! Bring Olga, Sandy, and Gram! Don't tell Theodore, though.\" \"On my way!\" The family that was thrown into the present was The Croods, and they were a parallel to ours. Well, Eve's, anyways. I wasn't formerly adopted, so I was still technically Seth DeMeats. Not Seth Colbert. Wow. A few minutes later, they showed up in the station wagon. And were amazed. \"What the hell?\" Olga said. \"What kind of sex are you two having in there?\" Gram asked in her usual obnoxious New Jersey accent. \"We're not having sex, Gramma.\" \"Then what do you do in there?\" \"Be megageniuses,\" I replied. \"Seth,\" Greg said, \"Eve, I was worried that this would happen.\" \"Look at you,\" Olga said to her prehistoric counterpart, \"You the stay-at-home mom?\" \"Kind of. I'm Ugga Crood.\" \"Well, I'm Olga Colbert.\" \"You guys have yous, but I don't have one!\" the prehistoric Theodore said. \"Oh, yes you do,\" I replied as the prehistoric version of me came over, \"Hello.\" He looked more modern than the others, which was a little shocking. \"I'm Guy.\" \"Seth. Eve's adoptive brother.\" \"I guess you could say that I'm Eep's adoptive brother.\" We both looked over to see the two Eves and two Grams getting along. \"This ol' geiser's alright!\" \"That's great Ma.\" \"So, you're me?\" \"Not exactly.\" \"Anyway,\" Guy said, \"Has Eve tried to crush you, yet?\" \"I've worried about myself on a few occasions around her, but nothing that would leave scars.\" \"Belt had to bring me back to life a few times when I first met Eep and her family.\" \"Belt?\" \"He's my pet sloth. He keeps my pants up, cooks, and the works.\" \"Oh! That, and I guess there's two girls my age now that are, unsurprisingly, stronger than I am.\" \"Why do you sound different from the rest of your family?\" \"I'm originally from Brooklyn, a place north of here by a few hundred miles, while they're from here, East-Delmarva, except for Gram. I think she's from New Jersey. Also why I dress differently. I left Brooklyn and ran away when my family wanted to move to Alaska for whatever reason. I never figured out if they found out if I was gone, but it's been at least ten years, so I don't think they're bothered by it. Technically, I'm not a part of any family if they got someone to legally boot me, which would be less than surprising, but Mr Colbert never had me adopted, so I... don't know if I exist anymore. I haven't had any problems.\" \"The Croods were nice enough, eventually, to take me in. My family died in a tarpit.\" \"That's sad. Mine probably froze to death,\" I thought about it for a minute, before Olga came up behind us. \"You two?\" \"Mrs Colbert, I mean Olga?\" \"Seth, we've went over this before. You can call us Mom, Dad, and Gramma.\" \"It feels weird.\" \"Well Mom's got your back there. Anyway,\" she turned to Guy, \"You'll be staying with us.\" \"Thanks.\" Everyone got in the car and Olga drove back to the house. \"Cool dress,\" Eve said to Eep, blinking to get something out of her eye. \"Thanks. It was a tiger.\" I looked at Guy's clothes, a pair of pants and shoes, obviously straight from an animal. \"You make 'em yourself?\" \"I had to.\" \"I have a pair of houseshoes at home that look exactly like your shoes.\" \"Oh, wow.\" The ride back to our suburban house was filled with conversation. \"Okay,\" I said as Olga pulled into the driveway, \"You're closer to a modern human than the others are, I think.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"I'm not sure how my hypothesis holds, but I'm fairly certain that I'm right.\" Going inside, they didn't know what to think of modern luxuries. \"Home sweet home,\" Olga said, turning to Ugga, \"Make yourself at home. Can I get you anything?\" \"I'm fine.\" \"Eep,\" Grug said, \"Be careful! We don't know what these people may do!\" \"They're fine, Dad!\" Theodore would be home any minute from school. By the way, Eve and I graduated early. The Croods were quick to pick up on some things, like couches and chairs, but nothing beyond that. It would come in time. \"Thunk, no!\" Ugga said, trying to keep her dim-witted son from destroying everything. \"Guy, I want to show you something,\" I said, taking him to the kitchen table and opening a three-inch three-ring binder, \"This is the journal that Eve and I kept while we built that apparatus that brought you here.\" He squinted, almost as if he was having trouble seeing for a few minutes. \"Are you okay?\" \"It's just blurry.\" Going by appearance, I had enough in common with Guy that he might have myopia, so I took off my Steve Jobs glasses, \"Take these.\" \"Wow,\" he said, reading the first page with the glasses. \"Let me see them back. I'll get you another pair that I haven't worn, yet.\" I got my glasses back, went into the living room, and got my clean glasses out of the armrest in the middle of the couch, then turned to Eve and Eep, \"Eve,\" I said, \"Where are your backup glasses?\" \"My desk in the attic.\" \"I want to test a hypothesis,\" I said, taking an exact pair back to Guy, then going upstairs to get Eve's glasses. If this turns out like I think it will, my suspicions will be confirmed, proving my hypothesis that Guy is Cro-Magnon and the Croods are Neanderthals correctly. I ran back down with them and gave them to Eep. \"What are you doing?\" Eve asked me, more than a little perturbed. \"Just wait,\" I said as Eep put Eve's rectangular, red-orange framed glasses on, \"Is your vision clearer.\" Eep was wide-eyed for a minute and just stuttered. \"Well?\" \"Yeah.\" \"My hypothesis was right! Guy is Cro-Magnon, an early modern human, while the rest of the Crood family is Neanderthals!\" \"Meaning?\" Eve asked me, lost. \"Meaning that we're either A: a reincarnation of their family after seven millenniums, or B, the scientific plausible one: we're direct descendants of them.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"I've noticed the subtlty in mannerisms, physical properties, and thought patterns and, accounting for difference in era, of course, found between an 85 to 95 percent matchup.\" \"And that means?\" \"We didn't miss our target, we achieved it! Using deoxyribonucleic acid\" \"Can you just say 'DNA'?\" \"DNA, whatever, my point is that they're the era-different genetic matchup of us from a time when the human population was hovering at around five million people!\" \"Oh my God,\" Eve replied, struck at what I had said. ","Summary":" \"I question you, Seth,\" my adoptive sister, Eve, said to me in her native East-Delmarva accent, "},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Paintings in the Dark","Author":"Child of Mars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12678490","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paintings in the Dark Grug was born to a family of giants. His mother and father could never find a cave big enough to stand upright in, and his five brothers kept the cave roof clean and their hair brushed neatly back at the same time. Grug was the runt. Grug could only reach the roof with his fingers. The rest of the boys could be kept in line with a beating or a well-aimed strike or a shake or even a period of being sat on. That was their discipline. It was a habit that continued well until their father was old and frail and shaky…if one of them misbehaved or said something he didn't like he'd come at them with ghostly punches and they would humor him, letting him have his way. Any of the older brothers could help with the younger ones…so Grug ended up being sat on a lot . He got the life squeezed out of him, alternating between red-faced screaming and purple-faced staring. His mother was afraid he wouldn't survive, being so much smaller than the others…so she sat him down and began using words to teach him how to behave. She was the one who, while scavenging, found the dead bear cub and turned it into a puppet. She was the one who started using clay and mud to paint on the cave walls. Nearly disappearing in her lap, Grug remembered clinging to her and watching her safe, muscular arms as they spread magic in the dim shaft of sunlight coming through the door. He watched the dead little bear in his hands come to life and dance across the rocky surface, saw the new, frightening adventures and the death that always followed. But he also heard his mother's voice echoing in her chest, rumbling against his ear…warm and kind and always nearby. When her husband snarled suspiciously at the new lines and asked her what she was doing…she scrambled for an answer. \"Story…\" she said at last, ruffling Grug's hair idly. \"Because it rhymes with Tori.\" \"Tori is a bird's call,\" her husband replied. \"Those lines aren't real. We don't need them.\" \"They are real,\" Tori shook the dead bear in his face, pointedly. Then she tucked it back into Grug's little arms, chuttering softly to him as he squeaked in gratitude. \"And Grug needs them.\" And of course, she got her way. Tori always got her way…she was the only person in the entire wide world bigger than Gorg, Grug's Dad. And when Tori was eaten, Gorg and Grug's five hulking brothers lay in miserable heaps around the cave, unable to bear each other's company, unable to bear each new day without her. Grug shivered, curled up in a tiny space near the very darkest, coldest end…and longed for a sleep-pile, a thing where everyone would snuggle together and, for a moment, forget that any of them could ever be gone someday. A sleep-pile sounded like a nice thing. Maybe someday he'd get to try it. When he woke up all alone, he reached out to touch the story-wall as he struggled out of the niche where he'd been sleeping. His hand left a smudge. Grug stared. Was it possible…could Grug make magic too? He started to draw…Tori. Mama. He made the big round body, little nubs for her legs and arms…eyes. She had eyes. How could he draw eyes when he'd already drawn the head? Suddenly, Gorg's hand swept across the thing, slapping rock and smearing the clay until the image was torn and bleeding to the ground, swept completely out of place and unrecognizable. Grug wanted to bite that hand. He snarled. But Gorg's brown eyes were right next to his, closer than he could ever remember seeing them before. His stiff beard spiked out in all directions, his weathered, beaten face close to him with all its scars. Grug barked in fear and false bravado. Gorg put his hand, still dirty from the clay, on Grug's head. \"The only thing worse than new things, Grug…\" the next words seemed to make Gorg's eyes hurt…Grug saw how they were bleeding water, \"is trying to hold onto things that are already gone.\" Without his mother and without her stories, Grug got sat on like everybody else when he misbehaved. He managed to survive. Then, one by one, all his brothers grew to enormous sizes and left the cave to find their own homes, leaving just Grug and his Dad. Gorg's brown eyes turned purple. His shaggy, muddy hair turned white and wispy. He grew shivery and bent like a dying plant stalk. All day, he wandered from end to end of the cave and berated Grug for staying with him. \"You need to find a mate!\" he barked as Grug handed him dinner. \"Go get your own cave!\" he grumbled as Grug carried him out to sit in the sun for a few precious minutes. \"Go make a family!\" he screeched, beating Grug's back with feeble fists when Grug refused for the tenth time to let him go scavenge. \"I'm not a baby…\" he whispered, as Grug held him close in a sleep-pile and listened to how his breath rattled like wet stones. \"Of course not,\" Grug whispered back, forcing his face to grin, \"You're my Dad.\" After Gorg died, Grug lived alone in that cave for a year or so…neighbors lived so far away with so many dangers between the residences. Besides, Grug didn't have quite the heart to start making friends for the first time in his life. Eventually, he had to run even farther into the desert than ever before looking for food. He screamed all the way, tearing up the ground and making as much noise as possible. Loud, fast, strong…like a caveman should. He went after a Horned-Lizard. The tail was easy to break off and an excellent source of meat if you could avoid the lizard's paralyzing venom. If you didn't rough the beast up too much it would stay in the territory and grow a new tail…so win-win. Unfortunately, even his solid weight clinging to the tail wasn't enough to rip it off as the lizard flung him into a petrified bush and gave an ear-splitting scream, puffing out its red fanned neck and hissing with its triple-jointed tongue. It was big enough to eat him in maybe two bites, and the venom would make that easy…so Grug gave a cry of fear and tried to scramble deeper into the bush. Until a tiny mammal with a brown pelt and a tuft of red feathers on its head seemed to come diving down from the sky like a bird. It sank its teeth somewhere behind the lizard's fanned head…and then rolled sharply sideways, snapping the tail off. Feeling sickly unbalanced and a little naked, the lizard gurgled, stepping sideways like a drunk monkey before it turned and slid into a huge crack in the earth. Grug peered from the bush, lifting his eyebrows as the new creature looked up at him with eyes that were grey…like dusty fish-scales or rainclouds. Beautiful . He felt even better when he realized that the pelt was only tied around its real skin, and what he thought was a tuft of feathers was actually a springy tuft of red hair. It was a cave-man…like him. No…it looked like Tori. It was a cave-woman. Cautious, keeping his head down and his knuckles firmly planted on the ground, he gingerly crawled out of the prickly bush. Still gripping the tail firmly in her mouth, she tilted her head, backing away. A warning snarl on her lips. He heard his stomach growling. \"Um…that was amazing. You should keep that. But I'm really hungry and I helped distract it so…mind if I have a bite?\" That was asking a lot of a total stranger. Food was more important than manners. Sometimes more important than other people. But after a minute's hesitation she finally let the tail roll out of her mouth. It fell to the ground with a thump of dust. Casually, flashing her a grateful grin of his teeth that were also weapons he was not afraid to use, Grug approached the tail. Then, together, they tore the thing to shreds and devoured it. The meat went first. When they were down to chewing the skin and grinding the bones, Grug tried to strike up a conversation. \"My…my name is Grug,\" he said, offering her a particularly thick shard of the bloody tailbone as a grand gesture. \"You?\" She wolfed down the bone, tiny white chips of it flying out of her mouth with a loud crunch. She finished and gave him a careful look. \"Ugga.\" The sound made her throat heave and Grug remembered how Gorg began choking on bones and Grug had to start smashing them with stones so he could eat. He blinked, genuinely concerned. \"I'm sorry, did I….did I give you a bad piece? Is your throat okay?\" She showed her teeth and threw her head back. He shied away, thinking she was about to attack…and then his shoulders slumped in surprised relief when he realized she was laughing. Ugga stopped to breathe. \"That's my name, Grug…sorry to laugh, it's just my…my Dad named me because he choked on his weekly meal when Mom told him I was a girl. So…you're still right.\" Grug wanted to ask why her father choked, but he wasn't completely sure if it had killed him or not so he didn't press. \"So you…you've got a family?\" Smooth. Ugga shrugged. \"No…I know it's unusual, but Mom was sold to my Dad against her will, so she says I can choose…whenever or never.\" Grug felt a little swell of panic at the word never . \"And what…what would you choose?\" \"Someone strong and smart,\" Ugga had a spark in her eyes as she looked at him…it was clever and knowing, like a snake's eyes. Grug swallowed. Ugga continued. \"Someone kind and careful, willing to put up with my Mom…\" \"Aww, that doesn't sound too difficult!\" Grug interrupted her, thumping his chest far too eagerly. \"I get along great with old people! I took care of my Dad until he died.\" \"You don't know my Mom.\" Ugga straightened on all fours and turned away sharply, almost dismissively. \"And I didn't say I was ready to choose.\" She began trotting off, away from him. Grug flailed helplessly after her. Ugga smiled to herself. \"Do you have neighbors?\" he asked, throwing useless questions after her in a vain attempt to get her to stop. \"How's the scavenging around your place?\" He tripped over a root of some kind and cursed, still struggling after her. Finally, as the sky turned a deep blue and the stars began winking and the world seemed to change into a different place…full of moaning, hissing wind and far off cries of strange beasts…then, Ugga let Grug catch up with her. Shoulder to shoulder, staring fearfully into a sea of shadows, they made their way to Ugga's cave just before the last drop of sunlight winked out of the horizon. Grug did not get along with Ugga's mother. She was NOTHING like Gorg. She was awful. \"Why'd you let THAT follow you home?\" She barked…though her bark was like a whine, piercing and yet frail at the same time. Covered in alligator skin, she slithered protectively around the cave and snapped at his arms when he dared to come near. Grug drew back and stared at her little animal eyes. Some of his older brothers were primitive like that…Gorg was like that, until he got old and Grug had to care for him. Obviously, this woman didn't need anyone to take care of her. Didn't want anyone to. She was twisted and lined and tough, like a desert bush beaten by the wind. Every step she took was rooted to the ground, and every snap of her jaw near his ears felt like it could crush his skull. Ugga tried to make nice. \"Mom, he helped me hunt. I couldn't just leave him in the dark.\" \"Helped you hunt?\" the old woman wheezed, \"What did he really do…mess it up and let you save him?\" Grug blushed unhappily. Suddenly she was standing right in front of him, clutching a long white stick of curled brushwood. She sniffed and snarled, showing all her teeth as a deep growl ticked in her weathered, thin throat. \"And did you bring anything back? Nothing? Nothing for poor, little, old ME?!\" Grug realized he'd made a terrible mistake. \"SUCH MANNERS!\" Suddenly sweet Ugga's horrible mother was beating him, driving him from one end of the cave to another. Some of the blows hit his dusty pelt with a thump and slid off harmlessly. But others landed square on his skull and, yes, even though it was made of rock…it hurt . He hadn't gotten quite angry enough (or brave enough) to save himself before Ugga snatched the stick and quickly threw it into a strange cleft in the roof. \"Mom, that's enough!\" She barked. The sound was shocking and scary and echoed through the cave. Grug stared at her, at the way her shoulders hunched aggressively and her teeth gnashed together. Beautiful. Grumbling, the old lady hissed and curled up in a sulk against the far wall. She gnawed on a handful of pebbles and stared at Grug until he felt like she was shooting venom at him with her eyes. Ugga gave him a strange look. Half-thoughtful, as if she'd been studying him for weaknesses and found something…different. Something she hadn't expected to see. The other half told him that he was becoming an uncertainty…and uncertainties were dangerous. But Grug was undeterred. Because her eyes were so bright and her voice was so lovely to hear after so much silence. He cautiously curled up in his own corner and tried not to stare as she curled up in hers. When the sun came up, Ugga's mother announced the dawn by screaming directly into his ear and then skittered away laughing to herself as he instinctively took a swing at her. It was scarily like being woken up by one of his brothers. The thought made him uncomfortable. But every other thought fell out of his head like so many pebbles when he saw Ugga, sitting in the mouth of the cave. She was framed by sunlight, and it made her hair look brighter than blood or sandstone or even shining gems. He chuffed softly and went to sit beside her, trying to look casual. Ugga looked at him and he felt a shock…she seemed to be exhausted. Her entire aura was dull and bitter, as if she were warning him off. Grug tried a weak smile. Ugga blinked and groaned, pounding her head in frustration. \"What do you want here, Grug?\" she asked, finally. \"Why did you follow me?! Don't tell me you want me as a mate or I'll…I'll feed you to grandma.\" As long as neither of the two got their teeth on him, Grug was reasonably confident that he could escape in one piece. So he felt brave enough to grab a handful of earth, loose from the passage of feet in and out of the cave, and damp from the overnight dew. Grinding it finely in his palms, he met Ugga's eyes. \"Can I show you something, first?\" Ugga nodded gruffly. Slowly, stretching out his muscular arms, he spread magic on the cave wall, glinting in the early morning sunlight. \"Once upon a time,\" he murmured, a little shyly. Clearing his throat, he tried again. \"Once upon a time, there was a big, gruff, slow bear who left his cave to hunt in the desert for the first time. There, he saw a sabre-cat running across the sand. The bear had never seen such a creature before and didn't even know if it was friendly. But even then, even the first time the bear saw it, he was astonished by how brave and quick and beautiful the sabre-cat was.\" Swallowing as he thumbed in the finishing touches on the first set of images, he risked a glance at Ugga. She was enthralled, staring as the wall changed before her eyes into something she could see…and hopefully, something she could understand. \"But the sabre-cat had never seen a bear. Would a bear eat the same food? Would the bear want to fight her? Hurt her? Or would he…could he be a friend? She had to choose…to trust him, or to send him away.\" \"The sabre-cat wondered. But the bear never wondered. The bear always knew. The sabre-cat was the most beautiful creature he had ever laid eyes on…and he had to at least let her know, before she chose…she had to know that he had chosen her.\" Ugga clapped her hands suddenly, slapping them on the floor and jumping up and down in excitement. \"You told me something by using wrong words…different words! And you made little shadows that look like the bear and the sabre-cat! And you chose me?\" She lunged forward. Grug had a mini-heart attack that melted into relief and joy when he realized she was brushing her forehead against his, seeking his face with hers. Slowly, waiting every step of the way for her to stop him, he slipped his muscular arms around and pulled her close. She smelled of dirt and rain and her awful mother. She smelled amazing. Ugga nuzzled him just below the ear, purring happily. Then she whispered, \"What do you call that? Telling truths with different words?\" \"Oh, that?\" Grug couldn't take the credit. The sun was warm on his skin, but not nearly as warm as the feeling of Ugga in his arms. \"My mother taught me. It's called a story.\" \"Well, Grug,\" she lifted her head off his shoulder and gave him a nip on the nose. \"If you promise to tell me a story every day…then I'll choose. I'll choose you.\" From somewhere in the shadows, Grandmother gave a howl of despair and disgust. Grug and Ugga were married. They found a new cave, strategically chosen because it lay in the heart of a small box canyon that larger creatures couldn't access. They brought Ugga's mother along and Grug was often made to remind himself that Ugga was worth that sacrifice. It only got better when Ugga had their first child. A girl. Eep was the first new thing Grug ever loved. She had Ugga's red hair, short and wiry and ferocious. She made new sounds neither of them had ever heard before, and learned dangerous ways to almost die that Grug had never considered. She made him wiser and she made him older. And she had eyes that were green, like new leaves. Grug had brown eyes, Ugga and Grandmother had grey eyes. Sometimes Grug and Ugga would wonder where this new plant-color came from. \"Maybe our eyes got mixed together,\" Grug suggested one day. He was holding Eep in the air as Ugga plucked worms from the riverbed for dinner. If he put the baby down she'd speed across the banks and scare all the worms into their holes. \"No.\" Ugga shook her head, pausing her work to scoop up some handfuls of rich dirt. \"If you mix brown and you mix grey, you just get…mud.\" She slapped her hands together to make her point. It spattered from her palms in a mini explosion. Grug frowned. He didn't know about Eep's eyes…that was unsettling. \"What if our next baby has red eyes? Or yellow? Purple?\" Ugga rolled her eyes. \"It doesn't really matter, Grug…I'm sure they'll be just fine.\" And then Thunk came along. Grug loved him in a special way, perhaps because he needed it more. The boy was born strange. His feet were flat and big and flexible, almost like flippers. He grew heavy in odd places, and he never learned anything half as quickly as Eep did. Unlike his ferocious sister, Thunk was meek, skittish and easily terrified, as if he knew he couldn't survive out in the world on his own. But fat and simple and weak as he was, Thunk was alive. And when he first saw Grug bending over him, he laughed, clapped his hands, and reached out for his father's face. Unlike Eep and later Sandy, baby Thunk was never feral. Baby Thunk never wanted anything but to be cuddled and to laugh. Grug's father might have thrown a baby like Thunk out into the wilderness. His great-great grandfather might have eaten him. But Grug kept Thunk. He held him whenever he was sick or cold, which was often. He was patient, and careful, and always willing to teach the same lesson ten times over just to make it stick. They adored each other. It wasn't long before little Eep grew jealous. She began to complain about the baby. \"He's…he's new ,\" she snarled, back arched like a cat as she backed away distrustfully from the toddler in Ugga's arms. Ugga huffed firmly. \"We talked about this, Eep. He's not new…he was inside my stomach all this time, remember?\" \"No!\" Eep replied stubbornly. \"Where was he before that?\" Ugga glanced down at Thunk and smiled softly. She couldn't help herself. \"In my heart.\" She looked up again to see Grug pacing impatiently back and forth. \"That's how I chose your father…he'd been in my heart too, all along.\" Eep barked, sensing her mother was distracted. \"But Thunk isn't like Daddy! He isn't like me…he's little and weak and slow. Why do we keep him?\" Ugga reached out and snatched Eep suddenly, without warning. Ignoring her daughter's outraged yips, she folded her tightly into a shared hug with Thunk. \"Nuzzle his face,\" she instructed, in a tone that was rarely disobeyed. Eep did, naturally falling into the role of playful contact. Thunk's chubby, tiny hands hit her in the nose as the baby giggled. A change came over Eep. Her eyes softened and her mouth twitched into a delighted grin. \"We take care of the weak, and the annoying, and the different cavemen,\" Ugga said slowly. She tried to sound careful and true, like a Story. \"Because they are family. Because they are ours and they belong to us. Never forget, Eep.\" A pair of large cavemen entered the canyon's mouth and began to dialogue with Grug. When they were done, Grug turned around and walked back to the cave. His mouth set in a thin line. His hand was latched on Gran's tail as he dragged her back home in disgrace. She snarled and clawed at his arms and screamed obscenities at him. She must have been plundering someone else's food stores again. Ugga met Grug's eyes and shrugged apologetically. Then she turned back to Eep. \"If you keep them long enough, they may show you something beautiful, something wonderful inside of them.\" Eep wrinkled her nose at Thunk, still a bit distrustful. But her ears twitched. She was listening. Ugga glanced up as Grug let Gran go and jumped back to avoid a swipe of her claws. Grug saw them both and started loping towards them. The stress was falling from him like autumn leaves, and a smile was growing on his face as he saw his two babies interacting. She would hint to Grug to wrestle with Eep tonight, maybe even let her win. That would cheer her up and give her some much-needed time with her Daddy. Grug plopped himself down next to her and ran his knuckles through Eep's hair lovingly. There was a strange, sweet kind of wonder in his face. \"Sometimes,\" Ugga said again. Grug realized he'd interrupted a story and met her gaze respectfully, waiting to hear the rest. Ugga smiled. \"Sometimes, if you keep them long enough…they'll show you something beautiful inside of you .\" FINIS Author's Notes: Who else is so absolutely chuffed that the Croods might still get a sequel? The movie was stupidly beautiful, thoughtful, and sweet . A real surprise since its about caveman in the midst of a cataclysmic change. Thanks for reading, and please leave reviews! My plot bunnies won't feed themselves and if they get hungry they might...*gulp* TELL MY STORY. :P ","Summary":" Paintings in the Dark Grug was born to a family of giants. His mother and father could never find a"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"True Treasure","Author":"BeyondTomorrowithyou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12209411","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wow, been nearly 2 years since my last story! On The Croods Confessions Tumblr website, I came across a comment that was very interesting: ' I feel like the three shells on Guy's necklace were to represent his mother, father and him.' I thought this made a very good theory & would make a great origin story about Guy's past! So, like my other ideas - this 1 stuck around until I made a story out of it! P.S. - (Any sentences in italics means the character doesn't speak out loud but rather, in their head) Enjoy! & if you have something 2 say about my latest work – I'd LOVE 2 hear it! \"What in the End were you THINKING ?!\" Guy never yelled, or screamed...at anyone . He certainly never told others off either. But now, with his necklace in the dirt, the smallest shell smashed…that alone completely turned it around. The day had gone on like any other. As was usual, Sandy ran around with Douglas, often within knocking range of family members & pets. But as they turned a corner in the forest, they smacked headfirst into Eep & Guys pet Bear Owl Flare – whom Guy happened to be riding. Flare darted to the side, sending Guy flying. At the same time his necklace caught on her fur, flying in the opposite direction. It finally landed – directly in front of a rampaging Sandy & Douglas. Picking up his ruined item he stormed off without another word, his face black as thunder. Having been close behind Flare, Eep hadn't missed much. She shot a dirty look at her sister and pet. \"I have to say I know how he feels .\" Glaring at Douglas & Sandy, Belt began a lengthy scolding. A cool breeze blew thought the beach at twilight. Perched upon a Sand Stone, Guy gazed down at the pieces of his necklace laid out before him. \" Even tar couldn't fix this.\" Just then, he felt something land on his head. Eep's Red Panda Glider peered at him before plopping onto his lap. \"Hey Cloak, what you doing here?\" Cloak nuzzled his face in response. \"Heh, you never venture far from your girl. So, where is she?\" Cloak chattered back, flapping a paw over his shoulder. Hearing a rustle behind him, Guy threw back his head with a sigh. \"Don't worry Eep, I'm fine.\" Emerging from the brush, Eep sat down beside him. She looked down at the destroyed necklace, racked with guilt. \"I'm so sorry Guy….is there anything you…want me to do?\" He gazed at her fondly. He wasn't mad anymore, but at the same time…...felt so low. \"You came, that's more than enough.\" A small smile on her lips, her eyes fell back on the broken jewellery. \"That necklace must have a pretty good story attached to it.\" For the first time since the whole thing began, Guy broke into a grin. \"A very good one indeed.\" As the sun dipped further over the horizon its light fell on Guy's necklace, each shell shining brightly. \"This necklace…...is one of the last things I made with my family.\" His fingers rested upon the first shell. \"This Snail Seashell, my Dad found this one around the rocks pools on a beach filled with pebbles instead of sand.\" Having only just seen what a beach was not all that long ago, Eep found it hard to imagine how another might look compared to the one she now called home. \"I bet crossing it was interesting!\" Guy let out a small chuckle. \"Oh yeah you had to watch where you tread. I got well & truly stuck at one point! Took both my parents to get me out!\" He moved his hand down to the second shell, slowly rotating it. \"My Mother's Spiral Shell, she found it in a cove with this incredible reef filled with corals of every colour you could think of!\" Eep's eyes flashed with fascination. \"How could you choose just one among so many?! \" Guy shrugged, focused on the shell. \"Somehow, my Mum knew which one she wanted.\" With a heavy sigh, Guy opened his other hand, revealing the broken fragments of his last shell. \"I found this little Conch Shell in an area full of sand dunes.\" He then broke out into a grin. \"It was the only shell I found in the whole area…& I was so bloody proud of it. I know now it was silly, thinking one tiny shell was my most important find.\" Eep shook her head. \"No, the fact that you found it makes it important. As a kid, whenever Dad brought back food I would scrounge around our home trying to find anything edible just to show I could do the same. Granted we never ate what I found, but I was just so desperate to prove it wasn't in vain. Heck, there were things I adored I can honestly say I hate now! (Crispy Bear being one!) \" A small snort of laughter escaped Guy. With his other hand, he picked up the remainder of his necklace. \"Once I had these 3, we made them into this necklace so that I would never lose them.\" Smiling, Eep placed her hand over his, gently caressing the broken shards. Cloak sniffed them curiously. \"I never held onto items like these, but I guess that's because there wasn't much I loved about my old life…Until the night you gave me my first shell.\" Eep bit her lip. \"I was so angry when it got destroyed. Because it represented everything I wanted most. That is something you are lucky enough to have. Memories…& family that are worth keeping in these treasures. My family conflicts take up most of my memory – I honestly can't remember much past it. And yet I'm finding it even harder to remember those days now too. Because the life I have now is…...more than I ever thought I would, or could have.\" Guy drew her into an embrace. \"And that's why you're the best Eep.\" Even with the sun in her face, Eep's blush was clearly visible. Reaching into her pocket, Eep cupped something in her hand. \"I found this at the rock pools this morning. I was gonna ask if you knew what it was.\" Within her palm lay a small black sphere no bigger than her thumb. It gleamed brilliantly in the sun's light. Far more so than the shell necklace. Guy stared at it. His family had told him of sea orbs like this but they had only ever described them as white or pale gold. He had never even considered that black ones could exist! \"A Sea Orb! Eep its amazing ! How did you find something like this?!\" Shrugging, Eep turned towards the far end of the beach. \"The tide was really heavy & a lot of stuff washed up, most of which we already have.\" She rolled the orb along the palm of her hand. \"I might not have seen this had it not caught the light when it did. I never knew round things came from the sea too!\" Guy nodded, still entranced by the orb's beauty. \"Oh yes, they do. But they're extremely rare. I've only ever heard stories about these but never actually seen one till now. You're incredibly lucky Eep, not everyone sees one of these in their lifetime. If I found one, I'd count my lucky suns every day for life!\" Eep beamed as bright as the sun, she hadn't realised just how big a find she had. Better yet, it had cheered Guy up immensely! She held the orb to the light & found that when raised up to the sun, it had a slight brown tinge mixed in with the black orb's colour. \"Hey, if you look at it like this way it has the exact same colour as your eyes!\" Putting down his necklace, Guy examined the orb again. He'd never payed attention to eye colour apart from Eep's, he'd never known anyone to have her piercing green eyes. He saw his eyes as plain brown in comparison. Yet her comment was making him go red. \"Um, thanks Eep but my eyes are brown, not black.\" \"You're wrong, your eyes are so dark they're almost black. The only time I see the brown in them is at night against fire. Exactly like this Sea Orb!\" Guy was now at tomato blush level. \"You pay that much attention to my eyes?\" Eep's expression turned cheeky. \"Well…...where do you want me to look when I talk to you?\" Shaking his head laughing Guy stood up, necklace in hand. \"Thanks for today Eep, I don't how you did it but…I'm glad you did, regardless.\" She nodded, giving his hand a gentle squeeze. He turned her hand over, gazing at the orb within. \"Take care of that. It's a treasure you won't find again.\" With that, he headed back to the family's Home Base. Eep stared after him. She was glad to have cheered him up, but felt like there was more she could do. Looking back to her treasure, her answer struck her. A short while later, she found Belt, cleaning up the mess Sandy & Douglas had made that morning. He gave her a little wave before climbing up & giving her a hug. \"Hey Belt, the trouble makers learnt their lesson?\" The little sloth nodded, an adorably stern look on his face. Eep grinned. \"Listen, think you could help with me with something?\" The next morning, Guy had finished checking the traps & fruit nets near the south end of the forest - & given that he had to drag it all the way back to the Base, meant no one was going hungry that morning. Following breakfast, he started towards his tent where Eep was waiting. \"Feel like visiting the Isle of Tomorrow? The tide's completely out right now.\" Guy looked in the Isle's direction. There were times when the sea would completely cover the sandbank leading to the island, which meant you'd have to trudge through thigh deep water to reach it. But Eep was right, the path leading to the island was bone dry & Guy honestly felt like the change of scenery. He nodded, smiling for the first time that day. \"Sounds perfect.\" After making their way across the sandbank they headed to the rock pools, watching as all manner of sea life swam beneath them. Taking in the sun's rays atop some high coastal rocks, Eep nodded to Cloak who immediately dove into her pouch bag. \"What's in Eep's pack that you want Cloak?\" Eep took a deep breath as her pet handed her something. The object glinted in the sunlight, in a somewhat familiar way. Guy peered curiously. \"What's that there?\" Eep smiled nervously. \"Just something special I'm returning.\" Now Guy was intrigued. \"And what would that be?\" Eep placed the object in his hand. \"This.\" Opening his hand, Guy saw his treasured necklace. And in place of his smashed Conch Shell…was Eep's Sea Orb. \"Eep, what…. ..how did you?\" \"Belt 'borrowed' your necklace for me after you went to sleep last night. I know there was nothing we could do to fix the shell but I figured I could put something of…...equal value, sentimental or otherwise…in its place. So, after a bit of trekking & some amber sap glue later – here it is.\" \"But it's yours, you found it.\" He tried to hand it back to her but she didn't take it. \"And I can give anything of mine away if I please.\" She pressed his fingers back over the necklace. \"But why are you giving it to me?\" \"Like you said, it's something you don't find every day…...like you.\" Completely taken aback, Guy simply stared at her. \"Eep…...\" She leant forward, grasping his necklace clasped hand. \"Those shells represent your family's love.\" Her fingers grazed the orb. \"This represents what you mean to me , I want you to have it.\" For a while, Guy said nothing. Then, he raised his hands up…...& tied the necklace round his neck. Eep beamed gleefully. \"It looks great Guy.\" Guy gazed at the orb around his neck. \"No…... you're the great one Eep.\" Taking her hand, he pulled her close. \"Never forget that.\" What they did next kept them quiet for the next little while. When they finally pulled apart, Guy grasped his necklace his eyes never leaving Eep's. \"Because you know what?...I'd rather treasure you .\" When thinking of what type of treasure Eep could find, I immediately thought - 'How about a pearl?!' & a RARE 1 to boot!' So a Black Pearl seemed Perfect ! It being so different from all the other forms of objects the Croods have encountered thus far & it being something that is still highly valued 2 this day! The shells & the pearl also symbolised to me how love evolves over time - Guy's love 4 his original family is still there but he's now developed new forms of love, with Eep & with the Croods. Hope this one is another u all will like! Love 2 all who read my work! Have a good 1! ","Summary":" Wow, been nearly 2 years since my last story! On The Croods Confessions Tumblr website, I came acro"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"La primera estrella del cielo","Author":"Gozihr Izaro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11624371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La primera estrella del cielo. Habían pasado varios años desde que los Croods habían llegado a esta tierra maravillosa e inexplorada que llamaban el \"Hoy\", habían vivido cientos de aventuras, miles de momentos divertidos y alegres y hecho muchas cosas… pero este no era un momento de aquellos, las últimas semanas sinceramente habían sido horribles. - Tal vez no debería ir – dijo Eep cruzándose de brazos seriamente frente a Guy. - Ayer te parecía una buena idea – le dijo él tranquilamente comprendiendo lo confusa y angustiada que se sentía ella, pero ella era quien más necesitaba ir – además, el resto no son tan buenos cazadores como tú. - Pero… ¿Y si algo pasa mientras no estoy? – pregunto ella con miedo, estaba asustada y ese no era un miedo que se pudiera espantar fácilmente. - Nada va a pasarle, te lo prometo, yo voy a cuidarla. - Volveremos pronto – suspiró Eep rindiéndose. Guy y ella se dieron un abrazo antes de que ella se fuera con Thunk, Sandy y sus padres en su excursión de casería. Guy los vio alejarse antes de subir al árbol donde Gran estaba acostada en una hamaca, la mujer lucia más pequeña y delgada de lo normal. Brazo estaba a su lado como un buen enfermero. - ¿Ya se fueron los chillones? – pregunto con tono de burla, pero su voz era débil. - Ya. – dijo el sentándose en una rama cercana. - Hacen mucho drama, es obvio que me voy a morir y es inevitable. Guy sintió el impulso de decirle que no era cierto, que estaría bien, que pronto se recuperaría y volvería a importunar a todos con la misma energía de siempre, pero él sabía que no era cierto, ambos lo sabían, podían mentirse en presencia de los demás para no hacerlos sufrir demasiado, pero ninguno veía la necesidad de mentirse en ese momento. Gran se estaba muriendo. - Ojala no fuera cierto, todos te vamos a extrañar – dijo Guy sinceramente – en especial Eep. Una sonrisa triste se abrió paso en los secos labios de Gran al pensar en su pequeña salvaje y amada primera nieta, que ya no era para nada una niña o una rebelde adolescente, pero que seguía tan necia y obstinada como el tarado de su padre, tanto que seguía cuidando a Gran con insistencia como si creyera que podría salvarla con la persistencia de su obstinación. - Deseo lograr hacerla sentir mejor - dijo Gran mirando las ramas del árbol pensativa. - Podrías intentar no morirte… eso la haría feliz. - Ja – rió Gran con burla – ya verás qué tan fácil es intentar no morirse cuando llegues a mi edad. Guy sonrió tristemente, era fácil bromear con ella al respecto, ella había aceptado con total naturalidad el hecho de la cercanía de su muerte, pero Eep no, ninguno de los otros Croods en realidad, les costaba aceptar el hecho de que no iban a volver a tener a Gran nunca más, Ugga y Grug trataban de ser fuertes, pero Eep no les ponía las cosas fáciles. Habían sido unas semanas sinceramente horribles y angustiantes en las que veían como poco a poco la muerte les robaba a Gran, y eso les estaba afectando emocionalmente a todos. Necesitaban despejarse un poco de algún modo, necesitaban dejar respirar a Gran otra cosa que no fuera tristeza rodeándola, el día anterior se le había ocurrido sugerirles la idea de que quizás si cazaban algo para Gran, ella se sentiría mejor, Eep había sido la primera en estar de acuerdo, aunque en el último momento casi se arrepentía. - Fue lindo de tu parte que les hicieras darme un poco de tiempo a solas – dijo Gran interrumpiendo los pensamientos de Guy – lamento no haber hecho lo mismo por ti y por Eep aquella tarde en la playa. Los colores subieron al rostro de Guy recordando con toda claridad aquel bochornoso día no tan lejano del que hablaba Gran. - Quizás si no me hubiera entrometido ahora ya tendría un bisnieto, y no habríamos tenido que darles semejantes explicaciones – dijo ella con la tranquilidad y descaro de quien comenta el color del cielo – jajajaja ¡mira tu cara! Gran reía alegremente, seguía siendo la misma Gran que disfrutaba importunando a los demás, Guy simplemente se quedó mudo, con su cara y orejas color escarlata. - cuando me vaya, asegúrense de trabajar en ese aspecto, hacen falta risas de niños por aquí. Los dos se quedaron en un cómodo y tranquilo silencio… o al menos cómodo y tranquilo para Gran, Guy estaba simplemente demasiado abochornado para hablar. - Fue una vida larga y buena, en especial después de que tú llegaste – volvió a hablar Gran después de un largo rato – y aunque nunca montamos al sol, es bueno saber que el Mañana existe. Guy sintió un nudo en su garganta, la vida había sido infinitamente mejor, estaba de acuerdo en eso, no solo había mejorado para los Croods, para él también se había vuelto mejor, había dejado de estar solo, había vuelto a encontrar un lugar al que pertenecía. El Mañana era el lugar que él perseguía desde que se había quedado solo, le parecía hermoso contemplar el cielo lleno de destellos blancos, el Mañana visto desde lejos era majestuoso, alcanzarlo debía ser maravilloso, debía ser un lugar donde no existía la oscuridad, no se sentía frio, miedo o soledad, él estaba seguro de que el Mañana era un lugar así, no podía ser de otro modo, era el impulso que lo hacía seguir, era lo único que lo había mantenido vivo por mucho tiempo. Y era parte del motivo por el que los Croods se habían unido a él en un principio. Guy había pasado mucho tiempo pensando en cómo llegar a ese lugar maravilloso, pero también se había dado cuenta que desde que había empezado a vivir con los Croods el Hoy era tan maravilloso como él había imaginado que sería el Mañana. Seguía encontrando fascinante observar el Mañana, pero en realidad no sentía tantos deseos de llegar al mañana como antes. Quizá debió haber buscado con más fuerzas, ahora Gran iba a morir y no los había llevado al Mañana, como había prometido… sus tristes pensamientos fueron interrumpidos por un duro golpe en la cabeza. - ¡Hay! ¿Y eso por qué? – dijo sobándose la cabeza mientras veía a Gran sostener su bastón. - No pongas esa cara de mono aplastado, el Hoy es maravilloso, y es más de lo que una vieja como yo había soñado. - Lo lamento. - Bien, porque en el Hoy también está Eep y quiero que la cuides mucho, no vayas a olvidarla por andar pensando en el Mañana. ¿De acuerdo? - Sí – contesto Guy con una sonrisa. - Bien, espero que hoy traigan una buena caza, porque voy a contar una buena historia esta noche. Guy alzó la mirada con curiosidad, si bien era cierto que ahora todos contaban historias, y que las historias habían mejorado mucho desde que los finales dejaron de ser siempre el \"¡y murió!\", había algo en el tonó de voz que Gran había usado que le provoco mucha curiosidad. - ¿Así? ¿Y de qué historia se trata? - La escucharás después de la cena, ahora lárgate, se supone que este era mi tiempo a solas, así que fuera. - Como la señora desee – dijo haciendo una graciosas reverencia que hizo sonreír a Gran – brazo, vámonos. . . . Cuando la tarde llego, los cazadores regresaron con su presa a cuestas, Eep se había esforzado mucho, trajeron un ave y la pusieron al fuego, la comida siempre sabía mejor después de… ¿Cómo decía Guy?... ¡cocinarse!, sí, sabía mejor después de cocinarse. Gran sonrió al ver al ave asada, era del mismo tipo de ave que habían comido la primera vez que Guy les enseño a cocinar. - Ohh... está tan deliciosa como la recuerdo. - ¿Cómo te sientes abuela? – pregunto Eep esperanzada. - Feliz Eep, es más, voy a contarles una historia. - ¿Una historia, mamá? - Sí, ahora cállense y escuchen. Todos se acomodaron alrededor de Gran con mucha curiosidad. Y ella con su voz calmada comenzó la historia que llevaba pensando durante las últimas semanas. - Hace tiempo, vivió una hermosa mujer que tuvo una larga vida, en la que vio a su única hija crecer y casarse con un hombre que aunque al principio parecía un tonto en realidad no resulto tan mala persona, ellos tuvieron tres hermosos y adorables niños y adoptaron a un cuarto un tanto loco, ellos fueron la alegría y luz de los últimos años de esa mujer. - Debieron ser unos niños encantadores. - Encantadores y únicos – continúo Gran con una sonrisa – fue una mujer muy afortunada por haberlos visto crecer y pasar por todo lo que pasaron, ella los amaba a todos con tanta fuerza como soles hay en el Mañana. Sin embargo la mujer sabía que su cuerpo no era joven y que cualquiera de esos días ya no seguiría viva. Guy abrazo a Eep con más fuerza ante esas palabras. Ugga y Grug hicieron lo mismo con Sandy y Thunk. - Ella sabía que su familia iba a extrañarla mucho, así que pensó en una manera de seguir con ellos o vigilarlos, y todas las noches miraba al Mañana buscando una solución. Entonces, una noche los lejanos soles le dieron una idea, si subía con ellos, podría seguir cuidando de su familia desde lejos y esperarlos en el Mañana. Sin embargo la mujer ya no era joven y su cuerpo estaba muy cansado, sabía que no tendría fuerzas para buscar un lugar desde donde pudiera montar al sol para que la llevara hasta el mañana así que se lo dijo a los soles, los soles entendieron su situación y se pusieron a pensar hasta encontrar la solución. Después de varias noches pensando, los soles encontraron una solución. Iban a transformarla en un pequeño sol y subir acompañada de algún sol cuando este fuera a descansar al mañana, el sol la guiaría y ella podría subir por su cuenta. La mujer estuvo de acuerdo y les pregunto cómo podía hacer eso. Ellos le dijeron que una vez que ya no estuviera viva, sus familiares debían poner su cuerpo sobre mucha madera y cosas que se quemarán, subirlo en el caparazón de una gran tortuga voladora, llevarla a la playa y esperar a que el sol estuviera abajo en el cielo, entonces pondrían el caparazón en el agua encenderían el fuego y dejarían que la \"balsa\" avanzara hacia el mar, el fuego convertiría a la mujer muerta en un pequeño sol, y el sol la llevaría al mañana, desde donde podría seguir observando a la gente que quería. Los soles también decidieron que desde ese momento, cualquiera que muriera sin haber montado algún sol, podría llegar de ese modo al mañana después de muerto. - Pero, ¿cómo iban a reconocerla sus familiares de los otros soles? – preguntó Thunk con la voz quebrada - Los soles también pensaron en eso y acordaron que necesitaban un nuevo nombre para ella y todos aquellos que fueran al mañana transformados en pequeños soles, al final entre todos, decidieron que una vez siguieran al sol hasta el mañana, serían llamados \"estrella\". La mujer se quedó tranquila sobre qué pasaría después de su muerte, y decidió despedirse de todos los que amaba, decirles lo mucho que los había amado y explicarles que seguiría cuidándolos y queriéndolos desde arriba. Y cuando llego el momento, la mujer se transformó en una estrella. Unos segundos de silencio siguieron aquellas palabras, Gran miraba el cielo lleno de soles, mientras una sonrisa triste adornaba sus labios, el sonido de la madera crujiendo en el fuego y el aire silbando entre las ramas de los arboles era lo único que se oía mientras las lágrimas cálidas corrían por las mejillas de los Croods. Eep fue la primera en ponerse de pie e ir a abrazar a su abuela, Gran le devolvió el abrazo y algunas lágrimas escaparon también de sus ojos. Pronto todos los Croods formaban parte de aquel abrazo. Dos días después, Gran se transformó en la primera estrella del cielo. . . . . . . . Tenía la idea de esta historia rondando en mi cabeza desde hace varios meses, aunque no había querido escribirla por lo mismo que implica. La muerte de un ser querido es una situación desgarradora y triste y es bastante difícil afrontarla, en ese entonces me pregunté que sentirían las primeras personas de la humanidad al enfrentarse a la muerte. En lo personal siempre me ha parecido que los humanos somos muy imaginativos, cuando no sabemos la respuesta de algo inventamos historias muy bonitas, así me parecen los mitos de la historia, con sus explicaciones de porque hay primavera e invierno y de porque llueve. Cuando vi los Croods la historia de Guy sobre el mañana y los soles me enamoro totalmente, yo siempre he amado mirar el cielo y cuando era muy pequeña, me decían que la gente que moría iba al cielo, solía imaginar que tenían sus casas sobre las nubes o hechas de nubes y que de noche los faroles de sus calles los iluminaban las estrellas. Si existen páginas como Fanfiction es porque las personas sienten la curiosidad de imagir que otras cosas podrían suceder y eso incluye la muerte, aunque la mayor parte del tiempo evitemos pensar en ella. Pero los Croods se ganaron un lugar en mi corazón y quería escribirles una historia donde les diera esperanza sobre algo tan incierto como la muerte. Se que la historia no está brillantemente trabajada, pero estas últimas semanas mi estado emocional me ha impedido escribir sobre cualquier cosa, por eso necesitaba escribir esto, una historia que diera un poquito de esperanza entre el dolor. No sé si lo habré logrado, el tiempo lo dirá. Finalmente les pido disculpas por esta nota de autor tan larga. Mis mejores deseos a todos. ","Summary":" La primera estrella del cielo. Habían pasado varios años desde que los Croods habían llegado a esta"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Love the One You're With","Author":"Stormy1x2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11093195","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Love The One You're With Author: Stormy1x2 Fandom: The Croods Word Count: 4880 Notes : Post-movie. Guy's family tribe has been found and Guy has been promised to someone besides Eep. Guy is not to pleased about this. Neither is I am Canadian so I use the 'u'. Don't like it, you know where the back space button is. ~o0o~ Love The One You're With ~o0o~ \"Lump will make the perfect mate for you,\" his uncle proclaimed. \"The two of you are bother strong and good-looking. Your offspring will have strength, brains and good looks, perfect for setting high prices on future matches. Lump smiled at Guy, blue eyes slitted lazily like a cats, her body undulating like an river current as she padded forward to show her acceptance of the match. Her skin consisted of miles and miles of bronzed, sun-kissed skin, delicately swathed in a dress that fell to her knees, and bound tightly around her top He recognized the colour, blue with subtle tones of green – they must have ground up a great many Parro-ffolo eggs to dye the fabric. The tattoos on her showed not only was she strong and a good hunter, but she was also... uh, experienced? In the sleeping fur arts? It was a promise that she would easily please him and his ears turned red at the thought. Shaking his head, he took two steps back, away from the temptation they had laid before him. \"I must refuse this match,\" he said, swallowing hard. He managed to keep himself from shaking – he was refusing a match made by his father's tribe and was likely going to be cast out, but he already had a potential mate, and she was not going to be replaced by another pretty face. His uncle's face was changing colour. Guy watched, fascinated as it turned the same colour as Eep's owlcat. His fingers were clutching his ornately designed walking stick, white, there they'd gone bloodless at the knuckles. \"You ungrateful wretch of a boy,\" he spat out. \"Your parents gave you to me in the event of their death. I agreed only because you were clever and somewhat good-looking enough to attract a high-value mate with a dowry to match when you were a troublesome boy.\" Lump smiled coquettishly. \"I do have an ample dowry,\" she purred, crossing her arms and leaning forward, trying to show off just what part of her dowry was restraining. Her parents beamed proudly, and glared alternately at Guy for refusing their offspring. Geet smiled at the young lady, and then nodded at her father. \"Your father was indeed, most generous, Lump. And you and my brother's son will be mated.\" \"I will not,\" Guy snarled again. \"I told you, I have a potential mate. Someone I love. And it's not Lump.\" He looked over at the blonde girl who was pouting at him, twirling a lock of wavy yellow around her finger, brushing the tip of the tail to her lips. \"That won't work.\" And it wouldn't. This woman had everyone in thrall, wherever she met. She always looked clean and bright, her clothing accentuating her long, lean frame and curvy hips and breasts. Her hair probably felt like silk. He didn't know what silk was, but he imagined it must be something smooth and soft, the way it rolled off his tongue in his imagination. All of it was nothing compared to Eep. His Tiger of Tomorrow. Her athletic figure framed in the skin-tight tiger-nary pelt that barely covered the essentials and yet Eep didn't try to flirt with it. It was made simple, arms and legs completely free to allow her to leap through the air as though she were weightless. Her muscular arms and legs spoke of years of running and climbing, pushing herself and her body to the limits of what it could do. Her orange-red hair, matted from the sweat of daily exertion and lightened by years of desert sun pouring down on it – when they were not in their cave, that is. Guy had been smitten the day he first taken off his boar-snake head and tilted his head to the side to see her face at a better angle. Her enthusiasm, her awe at his fire-making, her childish delight at having to act out scenes in their traps, or the way she smiled and scooted closer and closer until her toes touched his as he told stories about Tomorrow. Eep had been quiet since they'd discovered his clan on the opposite end of the Tomorrow beach they'd first landed on. They were small – not even twenty people – but it was still new and not' just dangerous, Grug told them all, but super-dangerous. Therefore, new Grug had retreated inside of old, panicked Grug, and was – as always – wary about meeting them. They looked different, they smelled different, their clothes were coloured unnaturally. Grug had loosened up quite a bit since arriving in Tomorrow, but he knew what clan meets could do, and he'd forbidden Ugga to go near them with the exception of the women when they went to the ocean to bathe and relax. He had tried to do the same with Eep – she was of the age when clan's would be wanting to claim her as a mate to a member of their tribe, and Grug simply would not let his little girl be taken by anyone. Except Guy. Grug had made that pretty clear by accepting him as the seventh Crood upon their arrival in Tomorrow. And Guy was not about to disappoint the second father figure he'd ever had his life. His uncle however, had different plans, and had claimed Guy by right of blood. Guy didn't even feel like he belonged to them anymore. His plans and ideas had been just as crazy to his clansmen and women as a child – it had been one of the main reasons his mother and father and decided to become travelling nomads. It had been a way to encourage their child in his schemes and ideas, and allowed them to raise him with love, affection and praise - not subject him to the mockery of his people. His uncle had been thrilled to see his long-lost nephew, and had wasted no time in enacting a betrothal he had made on Guy's behalf in hopes his brother's son would be found. Guy's claims of love to Eep had been discarded as causally a cleansing leaf after clearing his bowels in the trough beyond and downwind of the village. Guy wasn't about to stand for that. The idea that she was a dumb 'cave-y', that she and her family had nothing to contribute to the clan by virtue of them being culturally and physically different from his tribe... it was sheer idiocy. Eep was the quickest learner he'd ever seen. She picked up what he taught her in seconds, and seconds later, could adapt it to better or alternate use. She could fight better than he could, her family having done everything together their lives. The whole family was amazingly strong, adaptable (even Grug, eventually) and capable of running at amazing speeds over rough terrain and without stopping. Even Thunk, and that boy looked like he had the physique of a rhino-whale. They worked together like a well-oiled machine – whatever that was. He'd have to invent it later. Anyway. With the Croods, there was no, 'male hunt, woman stay home and cook, gather, give birth'. They were a team. And they had made him a part of it. So he faced his uncle calmly. \"I have said my piece,\" he finished calmly. \"You know my answer.\" Lump had an ugly scowl on her otherwise flawless face. She marched towards him, long legs carrying her swiftly over the fallen leaves and needles of the towering fir trees until she came to a halt in front of him. She looked at him, peering over his face. \"What is your attraction to the little cave girl?\" she asked. \"It certainly can't be her looks.\" She tossed her hair lightly and then caught up a few strands that gleamed gold in the sun. She rubbed the strands around her pink lips, bringing his attention to her face. Guy blinked at the display, and then shrugged helplessly. \"You are beautiful, Lump,\" he stated coolly. \"But it takes much more than looks to win my heart.\" \"Mmmm...\" she hummed. She reached out one long arm and traced a delicate finger along the band of his necklace, playfully tugging the centrepiece. At his waist, Belt was growling quietly. \"Then what is it? She's so naive, it's almost charming, I'll give you that, but she doesn't even want you. I heard you two speaking. She will not do her duty as a female. She will not mate with you and carry your children.\" \"That's not what you heard,\" Guy growled, almost matching Belt in timbre. \"She is young and inexperienced. Also, I have not asked her to be mine yet. In your eyes, I may be unclaimed, but in my heart, I am her hers.\" \"But a cave-y? Really?\" Lump licked her lips, and moved even closer, backing Guy against the rough bark of an old tree. His left hand she picked up and set on her lip. Her other hand caressed his face as she leaned into him, her warmth lining along his torso. \"I promise you, I am willing to bear your children.\" Her eyelids fluttered but her eyes were sharp on his, watching him carefully. \"Do you see how we match?\" she whispered, one leg between his, her knee playfully nuzzling his. \"See how warm my skin, how soft my touch can be.\" Guy swallowed hard, and then reached for her hands, gripping them carefully and pulling them away from his body. Her squeezed them between his own, their grip holding together at the level of their hearts. \"It's not you I wish to hold,\" he said softly. \"She cannot be soft like me when you hold her,\" Lump said just as softly, pushing her weight forward so their clasped hands rested atop Guy's heart. She leaned in and pressed her nose to the junction of his neck and shoulders, sniffing once and then pressing a gentle kiss. Guy shuddered. \"See how you respond to my touch.\" Guy nodded and exhaled. \"I did say you were beautiful,\" he reminded her with a clogged throat. He grunted to clear it. \"Any man would react to a beautiful women touching them so intimately. It doesn't mean the heart is involved.\" Lump shrugged. \"Very rarely is there love in the first few months of a match being made; you know this. Love comes later, usually when the children are born.\" She rolled her hips against him, smiling as he responded. Guy wanted to tell Belt to smack him with a rock to break him free of the woman. \"I want love first in my life,\" he said. \"And I have it. It's not you. I do not love you. I will not love you. And I said no.\" Once again he pushed her away. This time as he did, he pulled her towards himself again – but pivoted, leaving Lump pressed against the tree. Then he released her hands and took a step back. Then another. \"I have someone to hold. Please respect me enough to know when to stoop.\" \"I do not understand what you see in her,\" Lump said with a shudder. \"Those arms... those shoulders – surely it's like grabbing on to a man when you hold her. All that muscle!\" Guy's lips thinned into a frown. \"What?\" Lump giggled and leaned forward against his shoulder, letting her long, soft hair brush against his arms. \"I can show you what a real woman is like,\" she whispered, batting her eyelashes at him. \"You don't need that little cave-y anymore. I promise.\" She stroked the tattoo on her inner thigh, barely visible due to the length of her skirt. Then again, that same length allowed him to see her inner thigh and he quickly raised his eyes back to hers as she pulled back and arched sinuously against the tree. \"Look at my mark. I am talented in the furs. You will never find one as well-trained as I. Your stupid little cave-y doesn't even know how to open her legs.\" Guy was frozen on the spot – half by shock and the rest by a sudden, flaming incandescent rage . How dare this woman speak of Eep in such a way? After a moment, he shook off the paralysis that crept over him and he lunged at her, gripping her by the shoulders. She smiled up, apparently unaware of the hatred he was sure was practically spewing from his eyes, but he would set her straight. He opened his mouth – - and his head shot upwards, startled by rustling leaves, to see Eep perched in the tree branches above them. Her face was calm but her eyes – oh, by the sun, Sun , her eyes – looked so broken. He gasped, \" Eep ?\" but she was gone, leaping from branch to branch far faster than he could ever hope to catch her. ~o0o~ . ~o0o~ \"Eep, let me explain-\" \"Don't bother,\" she snapped, turning around and stalking back the way she'd come. \"A simple cave-y like myself probably wouldn't understand anyway.\" And what did she care? Guy's family tribe had made it perfectly clear that they intended to take their reclaimed Guy and mate him off to the blonde she-cat that was purring and licking her lips in Guy's direction, the same way the Li-otes gazed upon their leftover food. Eep's head snapped up at the sound of a woman screaming. Her eyes locked on the owl-cat that she had sensed the day before; it had crept up to the edge of the nomad camp and was running away – with someone in its mouth? \"My baby!\" moaned one of the nomad women, falling to her knees. Eep blinked. That wasn't going to get the child back. Did she somehow forget how to run? The poor woman. This wasn't Lump and her mean mouth. This woman hadn't done anything to anyone as far as Eep was concerned, and so she didn't deserve to lose her child to an owl-cat. Well, this was something Eep could handle, at any rate. She pushed past Guy and started to sprint. It had been a while since she'd gone all out like this. Guy's traps and trickery had made hunting so much easier, but there was something so primal and animalistic about getting down to the ground and powering across it, every muscle in her body corded and working together. She loved it. She growled and pumped her arms faster, legs pistoning faster than most people could clearly see. Her eyes focused on the bounding animal ahead of her, a low growl escaping as she caught sight of the flailing child in its mouth. Owl-cats were extremely habitual, and one of those habits in particular was to take their time with their prey. They liked to savour their food, to relax and devour it at their leisure. It wouldn't kill it until it was safe in its lair. If the child didn't do something stupid, like cut its own throat on the teeth pressing down on it, it would be fine. Eep grinned and took a flying leap off the boulder she had aimed for. Her foot pressed down hard and then she was airborne. She landed with a thump and a growl on the back of the owl-cat. It growled back at her and shook its head, trying to throw her off, but Eep had an excellent grip and tons of experience in riding galloping critters. Her own owl-cat had fought harder the day Eep caught and tamed her. Even Chunky put up better fights on washing days. She crawled forward until she was right over its head, fingers digging into the animal's thick, spiky ruff, powerful thigh muscles clenching around its neck. She raised her hands, forming a club over her head, and then brought them down with all of her considerable strength as hard she could on the owl-cat's sensitive sniffer. The owl-cat yowled in agony, jaws opening wide as it cried out in pain. Eep grabbed hold of one large furry ear and swung down the side of its head, snatching the child out of its mouth and tossing it on her back. \"Hold on!\" she instructed loudly. The child clung to her, weakened arms and legs locking around her body as best they could. She inwardly smirked at the instant response - a child who could follow orders. That was new. One of the long sabered teeth gashed her along her bicep; she wrenched her arm away with a muttered curse. The blood flowed cleanly but she wasn't worried about that. The owl-cat was stumbling now, blinded by pained tears and Eep let go just as it crashed to the ground and rolled along the sandy floor. For herself, Eep landed in a crouch, one hand gripping the child's hands locked around her neck, the other digging a deep trench into the ground as she skidded to a stop, a plume of golden dust rising into the dry air. She stayed there, hunched over, peering eyes through the dusty haze on the owl-cat who was yowling and rubbing its face against the dry, cracked ground. A delayed pain hit her - she looked down at her arm for a quick check, and smiled with relief. The cut was deep but short. The blood flowed swiftly down her arm, pattering into the dust and pooling around her fingers. It was starting to hurt a little, but Eep had suffered many different scars over her sixteen summers and this wasn't even close to the worst she'd had. The child was still clinging to her, blubbering and whimpering. Eep dragged the child off her back and held it up by one arm, sniffing it to check for wounds. There were some small cuts, thankfully more shallow then the one she'd been given, but not much else. \"That's a lot of water coming out of your eyes,\" she said frankly. \"You should stop that. It's a waste of resources.\" That was a Guy word – what he called all the things they found to eat and use for themselves. Just because they were in Tomorrow didn't mean they had to abuse it. The child ignored her and kept howling. Eep shrugged and set it on the ground. It began crawling away towards her mother – who was racing towards them, water covering her face too. These people were so wasteful with liquids. And slow – Eep blinked as she registered the slow crawl of the child and the slow running of the mother, wincing as she stumbled over the crags and dips of the ground. No wonder she hadn't chased after the owl-cat. If that was her top running speed, the best she could hope to catch was a turtledove with a broken wing. Sandy could have circled the entire valley in the time it took for them to reunite back when Sandy was even younger than the child she'd rescued. Speaking of owl-cats, the creature was limping away, shaking its head. Blood was seeping out of its sniffer, collecting in the bushy whiskers. Eep felt a brief moment of sympathy for it – she could see its ribs through the wiry fur and feathers. No wonder it had risked attacking a group; it was starving. And now that she wasn't fixated on the chase, she could see it had a damaged paw. Must have been from birth or a battle that took so much of it off. Poor creature. Maybe later she and Guy could track it down and put it out of its misery... Her thoughts stuttered to a halt. Guy. Whom she had left babbling things to her she had not wanted to hear. She didn't want to hear him say he was going to go and mate with the long-haired skinny woman instead of with her. \"Eep!\" She looked up to see Guy running towards her. His eyes were wide and scared-looking. Why? She'd taken down the owl-cat with almost no trouble at all; he'd seen her hunt animals just as dangerous. She huffed a bit, looking away. He had no right to be scared or yell, not when he was leaving her, leaving their family to be with a yellow-haired twig that Eep could snap in half with her bare hands- -Eep was grabbed, hard, and spun around. She brought a hand up, ready to hit – Guy? She blinked. \"What's wrong?\" she asked, dully. She did not want to hear his words. She never wanted to hear him say- \"Are you okay?\" Guy looked absolutely frantic. He had hold of her undamaged arm and was lifting it, much the same way she had lifted his back when they'd first met. He wasn't sniffing for injuries – his sniffer apparently wasn't good enough, but his eyes were as sharp as hers. He gasped at the sight of the cut on her arm and he immediately yanked off the rabbit skin he perpetually wore around his waist. Folding part of it, he pressed it hard against her arm. \"Ow!\" Eep tried to pull away, only to freeze when Guy barked ' Hold STILL ' at her. Guy never yelled at her. She glared at him. \"I can take care of myself!\" \"I know you can,\" he replied, and his tone was back to normal, if still a little worried. She could smell the worry pouring off him in waves. \"But let me. Please.\" She wanted to ask why he wanted to, why he cared he was just going to leave her, but she couldn't get the words out. She felt his hands on her arm, the heat pressing through to her skin, and watched, her throat choked up, as he gently but firmly pulled the rabbit skin ends around and tied it off. He then took her hand and gently brought it up to her arm. \"What-\" \"Press down,\" he said quietly. \"It will help the bleeding stop quicker.\" She bit her lip and then nodded, doing as he directed. It stung and throbbed under the pressure, but she was used to worse pains. \"Here comes your stick woman,\" Eep said, trying to but not quite managing to keep all of the bitterness from her voice. \"Now you can mate with her and be happy.\" She nodded her head at the yellow-haired girl who was smiling and trying to summon Guy to her with her fingers, curling up towards herself. \"Go on.\" Guy froze on the spot, unable to move. \"You want me to mate with her?\" Eep looked tired. Strained and tired. She gave him a forlorn, lost, little smile that made Guy's heart ache in response to it. \"What I want, is for you to be happy.\" She shrugged and looked at the ground, one foot sweeping the dust to the side. \"That one is ready and willing to mate with you. I am not ready to mate yet. You are. You two will be happy. If you are happy, I will be happy.\" Guy shook his head, rubbing his temples with his index fingers. \"Eep... where did you get the idea that I need to mate so badly I'd be willing to throw you aside for just anyone?\" Eep shrugged her shoulders again, one arm coming up to rub the other. \"It's what the elders were all talking about,\" she said lowly. \"That you would make a good addition to their tribe and that the Croods would not. They said you must be wanting to mate with your 'own kind' – a tall, thin stick person like yourself. That one -\" She angled her head towards the blonde who was still coming over, walking strangely, one finger twirling her straw-coloured hair. \"-said she'd be happy to mate with you.\" SO she'd been spying on all of his clan, not just him. Well, that was somewhat reassuring. Still...\"Well, that's wonderful how everyone seems to know what I want without asking me first,\" Guy said sharply. \"Eep, I don't care if you're not ready to mate yet. That was never a problem.\" He smiled at her, reaching one hand to lift her chin up so he could see her eyes. \"I told you I loved you and that I would wait as long as it took for you to be ready for me. Did you think I was lying to you?\" \"No...\" Eep's voice trailed off. \"But... I thought... I mean... these are your people.\" She waved her arm to encompass the entire camp. \"These girls... at the stream and the ocean... they are your people. And they said you would be happier with them than a...\" Her voice trailed off again. Wonderful. Grug's decree that Ugga (and therefor Eep) could go and talk to the women of his clan at the river must have led to some very unpleasant conversations.\"Then what, Eep?\" Guy raised his other hand and cradled her jaw between them. \"Then a bunch of stupid, ignorant cave-y's,\" she whispered, eyes drifting shut. She didn't want to see agreement in his face. She'd rather he struck her dead now, than live with him going off to mate with the tall blonde girl. The hands cupping her face suddenly and very, very, gently, began to trail down her neck and across to her shoulders, squeezing them lightly. His right hand carefully slipped behind her and cradled the back of her head – and suddenly she was being brought forward. She opened her eyes in time to see Guy very gently move in and press a gentle kiss on her cheek. She stared at him as he moved back and then repeated his action on her other cheek. Then a final one on her forehead. The gentleness was what undid her, and she squeezed her eyes shut just as the water began to gather and flow down her face. \"I don't want her, Eep,\" Guy said softly, his words like a gentle breeze kissing her ears. \"I never wanted her. My choice is always going to be you. I knew I would never want anyone else once I saw you that first night, when you beat me up and tried to take my fire.\" Eep opened her eyes, staring into his, searching for truth. \"Guy...?\" \"My beautiful tiger girl..\" Guy continued in that sweet, soft tone, creating butterflies in Eep's stomach. \"So strong and fierce, so lovely and loyal... I knew once I saw you that I was spoiled for other women.\" He leaned forward again and rested his forehead against hers. Eep breathed deeply, taking in his scent, breathing his air. \"Your family is my family for as long as you will have me.\" \"Croods don't give up family members,\" she choked out. \"We're selfish that way. You're stuck with us.\" \"Can't think of anything else I'd like more,\" Guy said with a wet-sounding laugh. \"Except to be with you for as long as I live – once you are ready, and not a moment before then.\" He wrapped his long arms around the stocky, lightly muscled girl and squeezed her until she squeezed back. This hug thing was a truly spectacular idea. \"I am not ready yet,\" Eep said, pushing back a bit and looking him deep in the eyes; her own bright green ones showing her strength, her determination. \"But I will one day. And I want no one but you in my furs.\" She smiled, her face a little red but then she remarked, \"I will earn her tattoo here,\" she pointed to her inner thigh, hidden from view at their present angle,\"...so I will not let you down.\" Guy blinked and then crushed her in another hug. His mouth brushed her ear, making her shiver again. \"You will not . I don't want you practising with anyone but me .\" Eep squeezed back and he felt her warm breath steal over his own ear, copying his action and earning the same reaction. He shuddered as she heard her whisper, \"Whatever you want.\" \"That's what I want, Eep,\" he said, dropping his forehead to her shoulder and waiting for her to do the same. \"That is exactly what I want.\" ~o0o~ End ~o0o~ That's all she wrote, folks. I *may* do a follow-up or a prequel, but honestly I probably won't. Thus jumped into my head after reading a few of you doing post-movie fics and I wanted to try my hand at home. You might see a few elements of other styles of writing – Aya, the worlds living Mary Sue (in the book series Clan of the Cave Bears) Jondlar (also CotCB but for the furs), and a few others. Let me know if you can see the other inspirations in here. I'll let you know if you're right (and if it's a signed review – can't respond to non-signed in comments) . Hope you enjoyed and thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Title: Love The One You're With Author: Stormy1x2 Fandom: The Croods Word Count: 4880 Notes : Post-"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"No tears","Author":"lunae lecem","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10993868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own The Croods. \"It's okay everything is going to be alright.\" The gruff voice of his father made the sentence sound harsh rather than reassuring. Guy stood at the edge of the tar pit as he watched his parents slowly sink into the dark pool. \"But you are sinking,\" he said. \"We know, we know, but it's alright, we're going to get out. Everything will be just fine.\" An obvious lie even he himself wasn't inclined to buy. He had seen mammoths and saber-tooth tigers fall into this trap before. None ever got out alive. What was once to him a great advantage during his many hunting trips had now turned against him in a series of unfortunate events. One misstep. That was all it took. She knew from the start that it was a bad idea to travel at night. Blame her stubborn and idiotic husband for insisting that they continued their journey after sunset. \"We can travel by moonlight. We'll be fine. Come on!\" We'll be fine, indeed, she thought. At least their child was safe. Guy stood on the bank, utterly unconvinced by his father's assurance, if one could call it that. After all, it didn't take a genius to figure out that once you get in, you're never getting out. His father's extra-wide grin and his mother's overly enthusiastic nodding only made him even more nervous. He himself had narrowly escaped his parents' fate. It was near impossible to make out the tar pit's dark edges in the dead of the night. If it wasn't for his parents' shouts of warning and frantic arm movements, right now, he too, would be stuck in the tar from his waist down. The only moment where his habit of straying from his parents ever benefited him, he mused. \"I'm going to pull you out.\" It didn't matter that his father had repeatedly said that it wouldn't work. He was not going down without a fight. \"If I could just find something to pull them out with…maybe a branch? Or, err, some vine?\" he muttered under his breath as he began searching his surroundings for said items. After feeling around with his hands, some stumbling and occasional tripping, Guy finally made it back to the tar pit, a length of vine in hand. He gripped one end of the makeshift rope tightly and tossed the other end to his father, who caught it instinctively. \"Hang in there, Papa, I'll pull you out,\" he cried out, and proceeded to tug at his end of the vine with all his might. But, with the strength of a 7-year-old, he might as well be trying to drag a mountain halfway across the continent for all the progress he was making. After several minutes of heaving and pulling, he had only succeeded in exhausting himself. Yet, it wasn't until he had used up every ounce of energy in his thin arms did he finally stop, his skinny legs buckling beneath him. \"Guy, it's no use. This wouldn't work. Don't strain yourself. You'll need your strength for real emergencies,\" his mother spoke up watching her son as he struggled to catch his breath. Goodness knows what may be lurking in the shadows at this hour. Guy wondered briefly why on Earth hadn't his mother consider the situation they were in a real emergency. \"Listen to your mother, boy. Conserve your energy. You'll be needing it if we're attacked,\" the man chimed. He and his wife may be doomed, but his son need not be. \"But what about…\" Guy was confused as to how his parents were planning to get away in the event of an attack, seeing as they were currently stuck in a pit, with tar rising up to the chest. His eyes widened with horror as the implications started to sink in. \"No…I'm not…leaving you…\" Guy panted out. \"I can…do this…\" It was meant to be encouragement both to himself as well as his parents. \"I'm not giving up…I'M NOT GIVING UP!\" The last phrase he shouted as he stood up, frustrated at his parents' lack of support and belief in him. He picked up the vine with renewed vigour, only to realise that his father was holding on to the other end no longer. \"Guy,\" the elder man sighed. \"This black pool is what we as hunters use to trap our prey. You must have seen it during our hunting trips together. Nothing comes out alive.\" Guy continued to stare at his father, uncomprehending. \"But…\" \"Don't you get it? WE ARE NEVER GETTING OUT!\" Guy was taken aback. This is the first time his father had ever raised his voice at him. Looking at his son's shocked expression the man seemed to regret his outburst. \"No, no, I mean…\" he tried to correct his mistake, but words cannot be taken back. \"It's okay, Papa. I get it.\" Guy mumbled, cutting off his father. Silence. No words were exchanged between the young boy and his parents. The only sounds they could hear was the sickening bubbling of the tar pit. Guy fell to the ground, defeated, tears beginning to pool around the corners of his eyes. The woman, sensing her son's distress, did her best to comfort her child. \"Shh, no tears, my son. Boys don't cry.\" Her soothing tones rang loud and clear amidst the silence of the night. Guy looked up and met his mother's compassionate gaze before nodding and hastily wiping away his tears. The night was strangely quiet. No wild beast howled in the full moon. No bird cried out in the dark. No leaves rustled in the still forest. It was just him sitting on the bank, his unfocused eyes gazing in the direction of his doomed parents. Silence had never been this deafening. Soon, his eyelids began to droop. Maybe it was his earlier efforts that had driven him to exhaustion, or perhaps it was to escape the unbearable silence of the unnaturally calm night. Or maybe, dare he say it, it was boredom that had caused his sleepiness, but he had the sudden urge to curl up on the ground and sleep. He tried to fight it – what if his parents…left, and he wasn't with them during their final moments? As he soldiered on, he heard his father, out of the blue, telling him to get some sleep and replenish his energy. He protested, but some part of him felt relieved. Maybe he should give in…no, what was he thinking? He will stay up and send his parents off properly (as depressing as that sounds). It was the least he could do. Some time passed. It could have been a few minutes, or an hour, maybe even two. He was yawning excessively, eyelids threatening to close. He doesn't think he could hold on much longer. \"Mama, Papa?\" The couple, who were leaning against each other, jerked their heads up. \"Yes, my boy?\" asked the man. \"…Could you promise to stay with me until I wake up?\" The child's innocent eyes were full of anxiety, as though afraid that his request would be denied. It was heart-wrenching. The couple looked at each other, tears welling in their eyes, before fixing their gazes at the boy. \"Of course my dear,\" the woman assured. \"It's a promise, then,\" Guy replied, looking somewhat relieved before lying down on the forest floor beside the pit and allowing sleep to wash over him. He awoke to a bright orange beam. The sun was rising between the mountains, its rays spreading out in all directions. It was a breathtaking scene, one that symbolizes new beginnings new hopes. He had always loved sunrises. It certainly fits well with the concept of 'Tomorrow', one that his father had always preached. But today, he hated it. The aftermath of yesterday's events was illuminated by the radiant sunbeam, the ugly truth he was so desperate to deny. In the tar pit he saw no parents' smiling faces greeting him when he woke up. Instead, a single hand – his mother's – stood in the spot where his parents should have been. The beam of sunlight that had shone on his face had passed through the gaps of his mother's fingers. Her hand appears to be glowing. It was beautiful, in a sick, perverted way. He sat up and stared at her hand for the longest time, watching the remnants of his parents sink below the depths. He remained transfixed at the spot long after the hand had disappeared from view, a blank mask on his face. Then something snapped within him. He started screaming wildly, at the pit, at the sun, at everything. He took off, running towards where he cared not. All that mattered was getting as far away from the macabre scene as physically possible. He finally collapsed somewhere in the forest when his legs absolutely refused to cooperate any more. A stinging sensation assaulted his nasal cavity as he panted heavily. Shh, no tears, my son. Boys don't cry. \"Boys don't cry. Boys don't cry,\" he chanted like a mantra in between breaths. A tear slid stubbornly down his cheek, soon to be joined by a second. Then he broke down. What was the point of holding back? He cried for his parents, cried for himself, cried at the injustice of this cruel world… The rising sun continued its journey across the sky, oblivious to the plight of the young boy, who continued sobbing himself back to unconsciousness. Author's notes: I've had this for years now, so I figured, what the heck. My interest in this movie is pretty much nil at this point of time, so minimal editing has been done. Not my best, and,uh...okay, I'll admit this was quite a crappy attempt. Still, I hope you'll enjoy. Have a nice day. Don't let this sorry excuse of a fanfic burn your eyeballs out. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own The Croods. \"It's okay everything is going to be alright.\" The gruff voi"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Release My Sister!","Author":"BeyondTomorrowithyou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10848237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After ALL this time…FINALLY another story down! I know I haven't written any stories in months, but having both lost & gained new jobs this year, my morale hasn't been at its best as of late. I wanted to delve into Eep's sister relationship with Sandy as she only interacted with her little sister once in the film & I thought they'd work off each other really well. Now, I have no siblings so I'm not writing from experience here – just from what I imagined this sister bond might be like. I tried my best to write these sisters story to the best of my ability, but any pointers on how to improve this – I'll gladly take Well hoping very much that you enjoy this my friends (your comments mean so much) – Best Wishes :) 'Grrrngrrrr!' Only one thing ever made ever made that sound. 'Sandy! What are you doing now ?!' Belt & Sandy's latest exploration had taken them to new heights…..literally. Ever so smartly, they'd climbed up the utmost branches of a Redwood tree, forgetting the higher the branch – the thinner it gets. I wouldn't've noticed them had they'd not been breaking off twigs with every step. 'Hey you two! You go any higher & you'll be seeing the ground a lot sooner than you'd like.' They didn't even turn around once they were so high up. There was no other option other than climbing up myself – but the tree's trunk was too wide around & was completely smooth of crevices & footholds. I couldn't help but snigger. ' No doubt, Sandy used you as a climbing tool Belt! ' I grabbed two serrated bone knives & a leather rope with a double hooked edge made from sharpened Bunny Beast fangs out of my pouch, which I tied around my waist. 'Ugh, how long will it take for Sandy to develop some common sense ?' I started my ascent, digging my knives into the side of the tree. Halfway up, Sandy & Belt reached the top branch – which I could tell wouldn't stay there for long. ' Please hold them until I get there.' 'Hey Eep!' I looked down & saw Guy standing at the tree's base. 'Everyone's headed back to base, you gonna be much longer out here?' I looked back up towards the tree tops. Sandy & Belt's branch looked okay, but I couldn't chance it for much longer. Guy followed my gaze, his jaw dropping as he saw what I was climbing towards. 'Eep, they can't stay up there!' 'I know ; I'll coax them down once I'm close enough. 'Okay, but whatever you do, be quick .' No sooner had the words left his mouth – I heard the sound I'd been dreading. The branch Belt & Sandy had been climbing, finally gave way. Guy's expression turned dire. 'EEP!' Without looking down, I nodded. They flailed about, grabbing any leaf, twig or bark in desperation, but it all broke away upon contact. Climbing was pointless now – they were hurdling towards me at breakneck speed! ' Only one option then.' I braced myself against the tree, focusing on Belt & Sandy as they plummeted closer & closer. I only had one chance to get the timing right. ' Now!' I backflipped off the trunk & twist flipped around, propelling myself towards my sister & pet. Within seconds, they were in my arms. I swung my rope grappling hook over the next tree, digging my blades into the trunk as we landed amongst the foliage. 'You two still with me?' Belt answered by hugging me around my waist, Sandy however was a little more shaken. 'Don't worry, I won't give way from under you.' Sandy's whimpers grew a little more silent, but her grip on my neck remained. I looked down below. But no matter what way I scaled down, it was going to be rough. ' Looks as though I'm breaking my drop record again .' Unfastening my grappling hook, I focused on the first tree…...& jumped. 'Hold on like you mean it!' Repeating the stunt is easy. If you don't have anyone strapped to you, let alone two . I could feel Belt digging his claws into me, Sandy's face buried in my shoulder. 'Just bear with me for 5 seconds guys, I promise!' I took aim, swinging my hook at the thickest branch I could see; felt the thrust of the rope swing us forward – before it snapped as we descended below. Even as I fell, I could see Guy running towards us. Which gave me one last chance. 'They're all yours Guy!' As I chucked Sandy & Belt his way, I saw Guy's expression go from confusion to surprise to frantic – all within one moment before catching them the next. That, cost me my concentration. I looked back at the ground. 'Oh for End's sake !' I swung my body round, but not quick enough. A popping sound rang through my head as my right shoulder hit the earth...…& then nothing. 'Eep! Eep! ' The scent of grass & soil raced through my nose, mixed with blood. My head swimming, I looked up. 'Belt…...Sandy?' Guy nodded, though he looked slightly fuzzy. 'They're fine. Just some scrapes, nothing more. You have a fair few cuts, but nothing deep. Can you get up?' I moved my arms forward, then it came back. That stabbing pain I'd felt when I'd made contact with the ground. I gripped my shoulder & found that it felt, different. Like it had changed shape. 'Why does my shoulder feel like its somewhere it shouldn't be?' 'That may be because…...it is.' He grimaced before continuing. 'It's completely out of place.' I would've shaken my head, had it not hurt so much. 'So what's the best way out of this?' Guy took a sharp intake of breath. 'It's gonna hurt even more to fix.' After a moment, I looked him in the eyes. 'Well, don't waste time then.' With a thick piece of bark between my teeth, Guy slowly rotated my arm back. Every centremetre my arm moved, may as well have been a dagger in my chest. I made no sound, focusing on a spot in the distance not blinking once. My vision blurred as my eyes watered. Noticing my expression, Guy paused. 'Eep, I'll stop if you want.' 'Which means the pain lasts longer.' I breathed hard through my nose, even talking was hurting now. 'Don't stop unless you're done .' He nodded, but averted his gaze as he turned my arm back further. The popping echoed through my head once more. But this time, I felt nothing but relief as the water ran from my eyes. 'Dad's gonna love this.' I looked down at my sling, binding my arm to my side. Sore as it may be, this was more bearable by far . Guy shook his head. 'Nah, he'll be fine once he knows…...what happened.' I knew what that pause meant. We both exchanged a foreboding glance. Dad may have laid off most of his paranoid protectiveness but he was still reluctant in letting Sandy explore beyond his line of sight. Sandy had only managed to convince Dad after promising to have Belt with her any time she chose to explore. But after today, well. I turned to my little sis. 'You know what Dad will have to say once he knows about this don't you?' Sandy stared at the ground. 'I've been there 100,000 times so…...I'll help you the best I can, but…...be prepared for the repercussion.' Her expression brightened considerably at this. As predicted, Dad's reaction was beginning to resemble that of 'The End', but then Guy stepped in. 'What happened today, would've been far worse – had she not intervened at all.' Dad shut up considerably after that, but his mood towards Sandy didn't improve much. Sandy was banned from exploring for 2 weeks but for once, she put up nothing of a fight. As I retreated to my tent that night, I heard a shuffle of footsteps as I lay down on my bed mat. Not easy considering my arm's position. I turned to my Panda Glider Cloak. 'Was that you?' Cloak, now on my stomach –responded by kneading his paws on my chest. 'Guess not.' I heard the rustle again, along with a whimpered growl. 'Sandy?' A familiar pair of millipede pigtails appeared behind my pillow. 'What's the matter? Thunk sleeping on your end of the tent again?' Sandy glanced in the direction of Mum & Dad's tent. I figured out the rest. 'Feel like keeping me company?' My tent was very full that night. No sooner had the sun come up, my sleep was ended by annoyingly familiar growls. ' Ugh , morning to you too Sandy.' My little sis panted non-stop, bouncing around like a mad thing. The oddest things made me smile these days. 'Hey, let's see how fast you can catch breakfast.' By the time I'd made it to the beach, Sandy had claimed several fish from a Sharkodile. Several weeks later ' 7 in a row . You keep this up you won't need me anymore.' Guy shook his head as he picked up yet another prize from the loaded trap. I noticed a log strewn across the path. Guy jumped it, I followed with a front aerial. Guy cocked an eyebrow. 'Show off right?' He grinned in response. 'Jealous is more the word. Especially having had a disjointed limb appears to have made your manoeuvres ever more spectacular. Against all advice to boot!' I stuck out my tongue. 'Boredom can be a great teacher.' While my shoulder no longer hurt, it wasn't up to par in strength just yet. Guy was adamant about keeping it bound whenever we hunted, sticking to methods that didn't need me to pursue prey at breakneck speed – (even though that was my favourite kind!). It didn't stop me from practicing at home. I knew plenty of moves that didn't require my arms. Guy – unimpressed as he may have been, knew interfering only made it worse. Funny, how he picked that up in a few days . Whereas my dad still fails to figure it out! Then I heard a loud thump behind me - & saw Sandy splayed over the log. Picking her up by her pelt, it took everything I had not to laugh. 'Don't attempt what will kill you.' Sandy grumbled in annoyance. Guy stifled back his own giggles. 'Seems she's gone from being attached to your mum's hip to yours now.' 'Mmm hmm, though I don't see what makes me any more interesting.' I gave my little sis a wink. 'But at least I can fix that attempt you call an aerial.' By the end of the day, Sandy had it down pat. 'Well you certainly picked that up faster than Thunk ever could. Looks like you can fill in for me on chase hunts.' Sandy let out an excited bark. Truth be told – ever since I'd saved her & Belt, Sandy had started wandering further & further away from Mum…..& following me more & more. Mum was glad for the break & Guy (for some reason) found it cute. And to be honest…I didn't mind it either – much as I'd thought the opposite beforehand. I broke away from the thought as Sandy fell headfirst into a sand pit. I couldn't help but smirk a little. 'Though you might end up as prey if you don't know the strategy.' Just then, Guy walked over; trap props hung over his shoulder. 'Ready to set up some more?' I looked back at Sandy, a hopeful glint in her brown eyes. 'Actually, I don't think we'll need them today. If I can't corral our prey, at least someone else should.' Guy peered at Sandy, his eyebrow raised. 'You sure?' I shrugged in reply. 'I may as well do something with my time other than go mad with boredom on hunts while I'm still arm bound. Loud as Sandy is, at least she's always interesting to watch, especially when she perfects it!' Guy nodded in agreement. 'Can't argue there.' 2 hours later, we were hauling a Zebra Ostrich carcass home – Sandy pulling at the lead. ' Nice one Sandy, but save your reserves for the last stretch from now on or the tables will turn. You'll end up prey if you don't – remember that.' As if to prove me wrong, Sandy yanked on our catch fiercely – letting out a low growl. I cocked my eyebrow. 'Don't argue with me, you know it's true.' Snorting with annoyance, but backing down she walked forward. Guy looked my way, a bemused expression written on his face. 'Can I ask why ; you feel the need to do that?' Looking back over at my little sis, a smug smile spread to my face. 'You are aware I'm the eldest? Well….. end of story!' So there it is! My most time consuming story yet! In case anyone was wondering the injury Eep sustains is a dislocated shoulder. I've never had one but have heard MANY a time how P.A.I.N.F.U.L. they are & did my best on describing it on the minimal medical knowledge I read up on. If I made ANY mistakes, (which I wouldn't be surprised at all if I did!) I apologise. I felt like experimenting with how Eep would deal with a significant injury & how it would play in growing closer to Sandy. While I know the Croods are Superhuman compared to us - knowing they can hurt themselves the same way we can (just on a MUCH larger scale, hence the enormous drop to earth!) again just makes them SO relatable, which the movie already did an INCREDIBLE job on! Now that you've read this, I hope you continue to enjoy Croods FanFiction Tales! ","Summary":" After ALL this time…FINALLY another story down! I know I haven't written any stories in months, but"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Shells","Author":"Goonlalagoon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10915173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Watched the Croods a few days ago and this popped into my head...obviously, none of the characters etc. belong to me! Guy didn't know why he bothered. It had been so long since he'd seen another person that he'd given up on the hope of finding anyone else. Yet he still carried the shells with him everywhere. One for him. One for...someone else. Anyone else. His mother had always told him never to go anywhere without one. Without a way of calling to them for help, to say where he was. Or as a warning, to say he was in trouble and they should watch out. (\"Two short, one long. Danger. Remember, son, danger means be cautious .\" His father had refused to stop tying him to the end of a vine until he'd learnt their signals.) Belt shuffled and tugged at his arm. They had to keep moving. They had to make it to Tomorrow. He stared up at the night sky for a moment longer, shell in hand. He didn't know why he still bothered, but if nothing else it reminded him of his family. To keep going. Is anybody out there? He was trapped. It was not a new thought, but slumped against the wall, he was finally forced to acknowledge it. He had tried every path, even tried climbing the walls. And he just kept getting back to where he started. None of the others were calling out any more. They had gone . They could be anywhere - trapped, hurt, scared. And he wasn't there to help them. Or maybe they were fine. Maybe they hadn't called for help because they were okay, because they didn't need saving. Didn't need him. Maybe it was just him. Alone. Grugg couldn't remember the last time he'd been alone. He was trapped, alone, and scared. He was the one who needed help this time, the one who couldn't do it himself. His strength was no use, and there were no pictures on the walls to guide him. Grugg lifted the shell to his lips. Please don't leave me behind. Eep knew it was useless. There was no way across, no chance he could make it. He was probably already dead, but she couldn't bear to turn and leave. To accept it. She couldn't bear to stop blowing the shell in the hopes that he would hear. If you're in trouble, if you're in danger, call for me and I will find you. They were safe , but she'd never needed her father to come find her more. She stood as close to the edge as she could and kept calling. Come back to me. ","Summary":" Watched the Croods a few days ago and this popped into my head...obviously, none of the characters "},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"An Afterstory Romance (The Croods)","Author":"Sweetest-Addicton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10011403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, Sweetest-Addiction here. I just wanted to inform you that I have, indeed, deleted all of the previous chapters. Here is the first revised chapter, and Thank you all for your support! \"Sandy, will you go find some berries for your sister?\" Uga shouted to her youngest child from across the small field they were currently residing in. Sandy groaned and stood up, walking into a random part of the forest that surrounded them. She was excited to have a second niece or nephew, of course, but ever since Eep found out she was pregnant the first time everything suddenly became about her. Sandy didn't find it too terrible at first, because she could get away with much more when the attention was directed away. But after so long, it just irked her to no end. She kicked a rock out of her path and let out a large sigh. She looked around the area for any sign of berries, but was caught off track when she saw something glimmer to her left. She quickly turned, and saw a small crystal hidden in the water. As she was about to enter the water to retrieve the mystifying object, she heard her mother calling for her in the distance. Sandy hurriedly searched around for berries and found a small bush full of bubbleberries, as Grug liked to call them. She picked all of them and used her shirt to cradle them on her way back. Eep was beyond grateful when Sandy came back with the berries and proceeded to stuff her face while the others ate the large bird Guy managed to catch. Sandy picked at the meat, not hiding her troubled expression. Guy noticed this and took a seat beside her. \"What's wrong?\" He asked with a worried expression. She stayed silent, not wanting to burden him. Guy let out a sigh and placed a hand on her shoulder. \"If you ever need to talk, I'm here.\" He stood up and sat beside Eep, who seemed much more content after eating the delicious berries. The air whistled in sandy's ear, sending chills down her spine. She sat up and looked around to see everyone asleep, and she suddenly remembered the crystal in the water. Overtaken by curiosity, she stood up and ran in the same direction from which she came only hours before. It took her a while to find the crystal again, but when she did, she didn't hesitate to go into the water to retrieve it. Just as she had given up on finding the crystal, she saw a familiar glimmer from below her. She inhaled deeply before diving under the water and swimming down to grab the crystal. Just as she grabbed it, the waters swirled in such a way that she couldn't swim up for air. When she prepared to swim up, the water slammed her into the ground and everything went black. ","Summary":" Hello, Sweetest-Addiction here. I just wanted to inform you that I have, indeed, deleted all of the"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Matrimonio","Author":"alias katsuhimoro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12361541","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Matrimonio \"Una idea de su cerebro, para tratar de definir lo que siente en su pecho. GuyXEep\" Otro suspiro brotó de sus labios, ganándose la mirada preocupada de Brazo, pero como las anteriores ocasiones, no le hizo ni caso. -Hola Sintió la presencia femenina sentarse a su lado y sonriente le regresó el saludo mientras la abrazaba, con algo de miedo, porque bueno, Grug podría ser un hombre nuevo de ideas y eso, pero en el fondo de su corazón seguía siendo un cavernícola con muchos, y peligrosos, músculos. -¿Por qué no nos cuentas una historia? – preguntó la más anciana del grupo, desviando la atención hacia el joven. -Oh bueno, siendo ese el caso… - se enderezó en su sitio para comenzar a relatar su historia (o tratar de pensar en alguna) cuando sintió unos dedos deslizarse sobre su brazo para entrelazarse con los propios – oh, emm… - ¿Qué iba a hacer? ¿Qué le pidieron que hiciera? -¿Por qué papá no nos cuenta una historia? -¡No seas tonto niño, si Grug pudiera contar una buena historia, a mí me caería un rayo! No hizo falta más para escuchar la \"mejor\" historia salida de los labios del mayor de la familia Croods; tan fascinante e interesante como para hacer que todos se fueran quedando paulatinamente dormidos, perdiéndose el inesperado final; que no era \"y murió\", por supuesto que no. Otro día comenzó, igual que los anteriores; el sol brillando sobre el cielo y todos encaminándose a explorar aquella tierra llamada \"el hoy\", o al menos casi todos con esa idea en mente. -Oye… - No pudo evitar el grito masculino que salió de sus labios al sentir la \"delicada\" mano de la chica pelirroja sobre sus costillas – Estas muy extraño desde anoche. -¿En serio? – Se rascó la cabeza, nervioso, ignorando de nuevo a Brazo, que desde su espalda secundaba lo dicho por Eep – alucinaciones tuyas. -¿No estarás enfermo? – y con su acostumbrada sutileza lo arrojó al suelo y comenzó a inspeccionarlo minuciosamente. -¿Eh? ¡No! ¡Estoy bien! – y mientras Guy se retorcía bajo la fuerza de la chica Gran se acercó al alboroto. -¿Qué sucede aquí? -Creo que está enfermo ¿va a morirse? – la desesperación era palpable en la voz de la chica, quien a pesar de haberse quitado de encima lo tenía bien sujeto. -Sólo hay una forma de averiguarlo – Y con su conocido bastón empezó a golpear algunos puntos del cuerpo del chico, esperando ver alguna reacción. -Si no estaba al borde de la muerte ahora lo estoy – fue un débil susurro, suficiente para la anciana. -Tonterías, si mueres con eso entonces no eres digno de Eep – y se fue alegremente dejando tras de sí a la pareja. -Tal vez tiene razón… - Guy se incorporó un poco y recargo su espalda en una piedra que estaba cerca. -Si te sientes mal, podría traerte un poco de agua – Eep acercó su rostro al del chico y con su mano acarició su frente, en un gesto realmente delicado para ella – o si prefieres puedo ir a cazar algo para que comas. -Eep… - tomó la mano que la chica tenía en su frente y la sostuvo en su regazo, junto con su mirada - ¿Cómo te ves dentro de algunos años? -¿Eh? ¿De qué estás hablando? – La voz del chico era tan baja que tuvo que acercar su rostro (más) para poder escucharlo con claridad. Brazo se deslizó sigilosamente de la espalda del muchacho y se marchó entre los matorrales. -Me refiero a esto – hizo un movimiento con sus manos entrelazadas señalándose a ambos, pero sin levantar la mirada – es decir ¿Qué somos nosotros? -Somos los Croods – contestó ella como si fuera lo más obvio – somos una familia. -Sí, lo sé, eso lo sé… - y más y más se encogía de hombros – es sólo que… yo quiero que estemos juntos. -Estamos juntos – Eep sonreía, sonreía porque no entendía el predicamento de Guy, sonreía porque estaba (casi) segura que era una cosa sacada de su cabeza loca y que cuando entrara en razón se reirían mucho de eso, pero no aún. -Pero ¿Qué somos nosotros? – El muchacho levantó la mirada para enfrentarse a los verdes ojos de Eep, la cual perdió su sonrisa al ver la mirada que él le regresaba - ¿Somos hermanos? -… - Eep no supo que responder a eso, pensó en su hermano Thunk y en Guy, en lo que sentía por ambos, y era abismalmente diferente, pero no entendía como ni porqué. -Nosotros no somos esa clase de familia ¿Lo entiendes? – Buscaba que la chica volviera a mirarlo, pero ella misma estaba cayendo en la posición encorvada que tenía él hacía unos momentos, su mente comenzando a trabajar para obtener una idea que regresara la sonrisa y la chispa a aquellos ojos verdes que tanto le gustaban. -Entonces… - volteó a verlo un segundo y de nuevo su mirada se concentró en su regazo, su mano alejándose lentamente del agarre que tenía con Guy. -¡Pero podemos hacer otro tipo de familia! – La idea lo golpeó con fuerza y la externó antes de poder analizarla. -¿Eh? -¡Sí! Tu y yo estaremos juntos – Tomó las manos de la chica y las colocó en su pecho, con una sonrisa que comenzaba a ensancharse de a poco en su rostro al ver como la sombra de tristeza se alejaba de la ojiverde – Seremos una familia, pero porque nosotros lo hemos decidido, yo cuidaré de ti cuando estés enferma, mis ideas serán siempre darte lo mejor y… - tragó en seco antes de pronunciar las siguientes palabras – y… si tú quieres, yo puedo, yo quiero… ser el padre de tus hijos. -Eso… suena bien para mí – y con la sutileza de una tigresa la chica se acercó al cuerpo del muchacho y escondió su rostro en la curva de su cuello y hombro – yo quiero… hacer lo mismo por ti… -Entonces está decidido – rodeó el cuerpo de la chica, haciendo aquello que Grug inventara el día del fin, y suspiró, dejando que todo el estrés que había acumulado se fuera. -Y… ¿Cómo llamas a esto? -Yo lo llamo… matrimonio. FIN Me gustó mucho la película cuando la vi la primera vez :D (y lo digo porque la he visto como 10 veces) siento que me salió un poco atropellado pero quería opiniones sinceras :D (como pedir reviews versión 3.2) jajaja en fin, ya saben, dejen un review y hagan feliz a un escritor :3 ","Summary":" Matrimonio \"Una idea de su cerebro, para tratar de definir lo que siente en su pecho. GuyXEep\" Ot"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Modern Croods","Author":"kkluvz2write","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11489491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE CROODS CHARACTERS, BUT THE STORY IS MINE. Enjoy Summary: It's totally nineties! But the Croods are stuck in the sixties way of thinking and living, and Guy's ready for modern, art? And literature? It's gonna be a wild ride when Eeva (Eep) the gymnast meets Guyote (Guy) while he's working on his latest interpretation of modern art with a, strange animal friend at his side; a chameleon Bellot (Belt). Eeva's dad (George) has always wanted his little girl to get a scholarship and go off to college and become an athlete or a physical trainer, but what she really wants to do is go around the world and see new things. Her parents (George and Ursula) are overly cautious and are the ones driving her to school and picking her up straight after practice. Until she forgets her backpack in the gym and runs back to get it, then she sees him . . . \"Sorry mom and dad, I'll be right back!\" \"Alright, but be careful!\" \"I know mom.\" \"And remember, stranger danger!\" \"Yea dad. *whispers*whatever.\" Eeva shrugged of her parents' warnings once again, as her accidental forgetfulness will lead her to a new way of thinking and experiences. She walked back to the massive gym and found her backpack near the uneven parallel bars, just as she bent down to get it; she saw something reflecting on her. She walked towards it and saw a figure sitting just on the other side of the lawn. His brown raggedy hair in a lopsided short ponytail on the side of his head while the rest of it didn't even reach his chin. His profile made him look so focused, and is there something on his shirt that's changing colors? Eeva soon becomes intrigued with the stranger and goes out the back door to sneak up on him. She held her breath as she saw he was working on some form of artwork. It was a dark navy azure sky with hues of forest green and tiny white-silvery dots lighting up the painting. \"And how long did it take you to paint that?\" She said somewhat bluntly, with two younger siblings and no friends, she tends to not hold anything back. \"What? That?\" With emphasis on his latter word, he doesn't appreciate her harsh criticism or the fact that she snuck up on him. \"Sorry, I didn't mean it like that, I was just curious. It looks so, well bland. There's no people in it, no colors, just dark and light.\" \"That's the point, it's a contrast painting.\" He said more calmly. \"Oh, huhh never heard of 'em.\" Her voice carried a rough yet sweet tone to it, sounding somewhat tough, yet graceful. \"Are you a fan of artwork? Have you seen any of Van Gough's works?\" \"Van go? Who? And no, I'm more of a . . . sports person.\" \"Figures, another jock coming around to harass the artsy boy. Well just to let you know, I don't just paint. I also do modern art.\" \"Art's modern? I always thought it was like traditional?\" \"NO! It changes, just like fashion and style . . . and . . .\" He turned and his eyes widened as he spotted her, recalling the first time seeing her in the gym, when the sun was just coming over the farthest hill to kiss the grasslands so that the slightest bit of light reflected through the large gymnasium windows. As he looked over to view the way it reflected off the glass, he saw her, reaching her small hand up, just as he was. But she never noticed whether or not he ever existed or was staring at her for that matter. No, she was reaching up towards the sun. Although, she was on the high bar with no one spotting her and just she just sat atop the bars, as if that was her home. Suddenly she let go, but thrust her body so that she flipped her full straight body twice, bent her knees and landed on her feet. She made it look as though it was natural. He felt his cheeks go up on their own, forming a smirk, his cheeks reddened, until Bellot began to crawl over his face, regaining his attention. \"Sorry, guess I got a little side tracked.\" From then on, she was all he could think about, but he knew the jocks would never let him in, and he knew she was more of an introvert, or so it seemed. The majority of people avoided her; she'd been in a few fights, but never suspended, due to her father's links with the school and the large opportunity for her to get a scholarship at one of the top sports universities nearby. And he was living in a run down orphanage, until he managed to convince the owner that he could work, and thus he makes his living. He even manages to sell paintings every now an then, managing to make a few bucks with odd jobs. It's been Guyote and Bellot for such a long time now, he's almost forgotten how to trust others and let them in. But something about her makes him want to try harder. \"Umm hello?\" Eeva was waving her hands in front of him. \"Huhhh?\" Guyote was snapping back into reality. \"Oh it's nothing, you've just been zoning out now for like twenty minutes.\" \"Oh, sorry. Here's my card.\" \"Card?\" She raised an eyebrow. \"You know business card?\" He shrugged. \"Oh, yea.\" \"What's with the way you dress?\" Guyote looked her up and down. \"What?\" \"Sorry I didn't mean it that way, it just reminds me of the sixties.\" \"Oh well my parents like Thrifty's Sixties. It's where we get all our clothes and stuff.\" She was wearing a mustard yellow blouse with a white rounded collar and a loose fitting black pencil skirt with white high socks and black ballet shoes with a buckle across her ankles. Her hair was short and frizzy, some bangs hung over her light green eyes, while the rest of her frizzy red hair clung to her neck and puffed out around her head. \"Oh.\" \"And what about you? I mean what's with that?\" Eeva pointed at his attire. \"What's with what?\" He looked down at his clothing, some simple baggy jeans that showed he was skinny, but somewhat sloppy and relaxed. His grey T-shirt hung loosely on his small torso. And his light blue sweatshirt was unzipped and hung loosely on him. He wore a strange necklace with shark teeth and seashells. His shoes were black converse and his chameleon clung to his shoulder. \"I call it, the look of the artist.\" \"Pffttthahaha! That's hilarious.\" Eeva threw her head back as she began laughing loudly. \"Yea well it's the truth.\" Guyote couldn't help but smile. \"I guess. So you're Guyote right?\" Eeva eyed him. \"Yea and this is Bellot.\" \"Wow, those are some great names.\" Eeva smiled, looking over at Bellot. \"And you are?\" Guyote gestured over to her. \"Eeva.\" She said flatly, not too fond of her name. \"Hmm, that's a pretty name. So Eeva, what sports do you play?\" He already knew, but he didn't want to come off as a stalker. \"I'm a gymnast.\" She said proudly. \"I see, so does that mean you're nice or nasty?\" He teased. \"Hmm, depends.\" She raised an eyebrow, giggling softly. \"On the person I'm around at the time. I tend to get into little disagreements with some of the girls in this school.\" She shrugged, though her face was serious. \"Why's that?\" Guyote had never noticed her getting into fights. \"Boys, they harass me and I don't take their attitudes, so I challenge them.\" Eeva said so meekly. \"How?\" Guyote was rather curious. \"If they can do a better routine, or outdo me on any of the stunts I attempt then I'll be their slave and do whatever they bid me. If that means not talking to guys about sports and such then I'll do it. If it means making them lunch everyday fine, if it means cleaning their house, ok. Like I said, whatever, but they always lose.\" Eeva shrugged. \"Really?\" Guyote was fairly impressed. \"Really.\" Eeva nodded her head as she crossed her arms. \"Hmm, I'll have to remember to never challenge you.\" Guyote smiled. \"That's the smart thing to do.\" Eeva giggled slightly. \"So, how long have you been in the sport?\" Guyote wanted to learn more about her. \"My entire life.\" Eeva looked up at the sky. \"You're over exaggerating?\" Guyote asked, rather shocked that she's been going gymnastics since the day she was born. \"No. I mean it; I've been doing it since I could walk. I tumbled before I took my first step.\" Eeva said matter-of-factly. \"How cool.\" Guyote was awestruck. \"And how long have you been painting?\" Eeva looked over at Guyote's painting. \"Since I could hold a paint brush.\" He smiled meekly. \"Hmm cool.\" Eeva whispered slightly, tucking her hair behind her ear. \"Yea.\" They neared each other's faces, until a loud horn was screeching at the top of its lungs. \"Oh, that's my ride, I have to go.\" Eeva stood, realizing she'd taken too long getting her backpack. \"Maybe I'll see you around?\" Guyote stood with her, not wanting her to leave without promising to see her again. \"Yea, if you ever stop by the gym.\" She threw her backpack on as she turned to nod him goodbye. \"I'll make sure to do that next time.\" Guyote smiled. \"'Kay!\" She waved bye, hoping to see him again. \"*whispers* bye.\" \"What? Bellot, she was just . . . totally awesome. Huhh, a guy like me dating a girl like that is impossible. Unless . . . Ha!\" Guyote looked down at his currently green colored chameleon with a large smirk on his face. \"Bellot! How do I ask a girl out?!\" Bellot gave Guyote a blank stare. \"Right, well than I guess I'll just wing it!\" \"Hmm hmm hhhmmm.\" Eeva was doodling small hearts on her notebook while thinking of Guyote. \"What are you humming about Eeva?\" Kronk thumped over by her, but not caring too much. \"What? Oh nothing Kronk.\" She quickly hid her doodles and continued doing homework. \"Hmm I bet you were thinking about a boy!\" Kronk teased, smiling brightly, his teeth somewhat crooked and neat slicked back brown hair, and a button up green shirt and high-wasted pants, and a pair of converse. \"What! No!\" Eeva blushed. \"Eeva's got a boyfriend! Eeva's got a boyfriend! Hey everyone Eeva's got a boyiii!\" A strong and calloused hand suddenly silenced Kronk. \"You better shut your trap before I tell mom and dad what you do after school instead of going to tutoring!\" Eeva gave him a grave look. \"Fine.\" Kronk immediately stopped talking as he walked off. \"Hmmph. Boyfriend, as if. *whispers* as if Guyote would be interested in a gymnastics freak like me.\" She crossed her arms and rested her head on them. Eeva walked to class with her head down, she wasn't really one to get along with boys very well; let alone the fact that her dad would never hear of her even talking to them. \"Alright class, settle down! For today's lesson we will be reading from Shakespeare's famous play Romeo and Juliet . Now who would like to read out the part of Juliet? How about Eeva, and Guyote can be Romeo.\" The literature teacher asked. \"What!\" They shouted in unison. \"Ohhhhh.\" The class responded in a teasing manner. \"But soft, what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east and Juliet is the sun! Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, who is already sick and pale with grief that thou her maid art far more fair than she. Be not her maid, since she is envious; her vestal livery is but sick and green, and none but fools do wear it. Cast it off. It is my lady, O, it is my love! O that she knew she were! She speaks, yet she says nothing; what of that? Her eye discourses, I will answer it. I am too bold; 'tis not to me she speaks. Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, having some business, do entreat her eyes to twinkle in their spheres till they return. What if her eyes were there, they in her head? The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars, as daylight doth a lamp. Her eyes in heaven would through the airy region stream so bright that birds would sing and think it were not night. See how she leans her cheek upon her hand O that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might touch that cheek!\" Guyote began reading, with each word, he blushed a bit more, but he was really getting into character. \"Ay me!\" Eeva said rather flatly, to which the teacher frowned upon it and thus Eeva decided to try harder. \"She speaks. O, speak again, bright angel, for thou art as glorious to this night, bring o'er my head, as is a winged messenger of heaven unto the white-upturned wondering eyes of mortals that fall back to gaze on him when he bestrides the lazy-puffing clouds and sails upon the bosom of the air.\" Guyote looked up at Eeva, signaling her to read next. Thus Eeva took a deep breath and pictured this as if she was confessing to Guyote. \"O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse they name; or if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, and I'll no longer be a Capulet.\" Eeva gave it her best, looking up to see everyone smiling, especially Guyote. \"Shall I hear more, or shall I speak at this?\" Guyote didn't have to look at there book for such a short line. \" 'Tis but they name that is my enemy; thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a man. O, be some other name. What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet; so Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd, retain that dear perfection which he owes without that title. Romeo, doff they name, and for that name, which is no part of thee, so take all myself.\" Eeva was rather nervous, but was happy with her performance. \"I take thee at thy word. Call me but love, and I'll be new baptis'd; henceforth I never will be Romeo.\" Guyote was saying lovingly. \"What man art thou that, thus bescreened in night, so stumblest on my counsel?\" Eeva looked up at Guyote. \"By a name I know not how to tell thee who I am: my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee. Had I it written, I would tear the word.\" Guyote was trying to sound more convincing, as if Eeva found him spying on her. \"My ears have yet not drunk a hundred words of thy tongue's uttering, yet I know the sound. Art thou not Romeo, and a Montague?\" Eeva raised her eyebrow. \"Neither, fair saint, if either thee dislike.\" Guyote looked at her pleadingly. \"How cam'st thou hither, tell me, and wherefore? The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, and the place death, considering who thou art, if any of my kinsmen find thee here.\" Eeva sounded worried. \"With love's light wings did I o'erperch these walls, for stony limits cannot hold love out, and what love can do, that dares love attempt: therefore thy kinsmen are no stop to me.\" Guyote never felt so ridiculous, but at the same time he was liking it. \"If they do see thee, they will murder thee.\" Eeva sounded concerned. \"Alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than twenty of their swords. Look thou but sweet and I am proof against their enmity.\" Guyote looked up at her with his hand on his heart. \"I would not for the world they saw thee here.\" Eeva gazed into his dark brown eyes. \"I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes, and, but thou love me, let them find me here; my life were better ended by their hate than death prorogued, wanting of they love.\" Guyote smirked up at her. \"By whose direction found'st thou out this place?\" Eeva asked. \"By love, that first did prompt me to enquire. He lent me counsel, and I lent him eyes. I am no pilot, yet, wet thou as far as that vast shore wash'd with the furthest sea, I should adventure for such merchandise.\" Guyote flirted. \"Thou knowest the mask of night is on my face, else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek for that which thou hast heard me speak tonight. Fain would I dwell on form; fain, fain deny what I have spoke. But farewell compliment. Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay', and I will take thy word. Yet, if thou swear'st, thou mayst prove false. At lovers' perjuries, they say, love laughs. O gentle Romeo, if thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully: Or if thou thinkest I am too quickly won, I'll frown, and be perverse, and say thee nay, so thou wilt woo: but else, not for the world. In truth, fair Montague, I am too fond; and therefore thou mayst think my 'haviour light: but trust me, gentleman, I'll prove more true than those that have more cunning to be strange. I should have been more strange, I must confess, but that thou overheard'st, ere I was 'ware, my true-love passion: therefore pardon me; and not impute this yielding to light love which the dark night hath so discovered.\" Eeva flirted back. \"Lady, by yonder blessed moon I vow, that tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops—\" Guyote held his hand out, Eeve took it. \"O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, that monthly changes in her circled orb, lest that thy love prove likewise variable.\" Eeva looked at Guyote, who was looking deep into her bright green eyes. \"What shall I swear by?\" Guyote looked desperately at her. \"Do not swear at all. Or if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry, and I'll believe thee.\" Eeva said sweetly. \"If my heart's dear love—\" Guyote began. \"Well, do not swear: although I joy in thee, I have no joy of this contract to-night: it is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden; too like the lightning, which doth cease to be ere one can say 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night! This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet. Good night, good night! As sweet repose and rest come to thy heart as that within my breast!\" Eeva read aloud as she pounded on her chest lightly, making it more dramatic. \"O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?\" Guyote asked, pleading her. \"What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?\" Eeva turned her head and raised an eyebrow. \"The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.\" Guyote said honestly. \"I gave thee mine before thou didst request it: and yet I would it were to give again.\" Eeva argued. \"Wouldst thou withdraw it? For what purpose, love?\" Guyote neared her. \"But to be frank, and give it thee again. And yet I wish but for the thing I have: my bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love as deep; the more I give to thee, the more I have, for both are infinite. I hear some noise within; dear love, adieu! Anon, good nurse! Sweet Montague, be true. Stay but a little, I will come again.\" Eeva stopped and took a few deep breaths. \"O blessed, blessed night! I am afeard. Being in night, all this is but a dream, too flattering-sweet to be substantial.\" Guyote read out in triumph. \"Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed. If that thy bent of love be honourable, thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow, by one that I'll procure to come to thee, where and what time thou wilt perform the rite; and all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay and follow thee my lord throughout the world.\" Eeva said dreamily. \"Madam!\" The teacher read aloud. \"I come, anon. But if thou mean'st not well, I do beseech thee—\" Eva responded hurriedly. \"Madam!\" The teacher read aloud again. \"By and by, I come: To cease thy suit, and leave me to my grief: to-morrow will I send.\" Eeva said bluntly to the teacher. \"So thrive my soul—\" Guyote read out with wistful eyes. \"A thousand times good night!\" Eeva said toward Guyote. \"A thousand times the worse, to want thy light. Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books, but love from love, toward school with heavy looks.\" Guyote said in dismay. \"Hist! Romeo, hist! O, for a falconer's voice, to lure this tassel-gentle back again! Bondage is hoarse, and may not speak aloud; else would I tear the cave where Echo lies, and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine, with repetition of my Romeo's name.\" Eeva said beseechingly. \"It is my soul that calls upon my name: how silver-sweet sound lovers' tongues by night, like softest music to attending ears!\" Guyote read aloud. \"Romeo!\" Eeva cried out. \"My dear?\" Guyote asked tenderly. \"At what o'clock to-morrow shall I send to thee?\" Eeva gazed up at him. \"At the hour of nine.\" Guyote smiled at her. \"I will not fail: 'tis twenty years till then. I have forgot why I did call thee back.\" Eeva said whilst smiling. \"Let me stand here till thou remember it.\" Guyote read. \"I shall forget, to have thee still stand there, remembering how I love thy company.\" Eeva blushed. \"And I'll still stay, to have thee still forget, forgetting any other home but this.\" Guyote felt his cheeks heat up. \"'Tis almost morning; I would have thee gone: and yet no further than a wanton's bird; who lets it hop a little from her hand, like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves, and with a silk thread plucks it back again, so loving-jealous of his liberty.\" Eeva recited. \"I would I were thy bird.\" Guyote spoke. \"Sweet, so would I: yet I should kill thee with much cherishing. Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.\" Eeva finished. \"Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast! Would I were sleep and peace, so sweet to rest! Hence will I to my ghostly father's cell, his help to crave, and my dear hap to tell.\" Guyote finished. * Ring * \"Alright, class dismissed. We'll pick up where we left off on Thursday.\" The teacher spoke as every one stood and went to their next class, all but Eeva and Guyote. \"Hey Eeva, do you think we could talk for a minute?\" Guyote walked up to her. \"Hey Eeva, we'll see you at practice.\" The other gymnasts waved her goodbye. \"Ok, I'll be there soon.\" Eeva waved to them. \"Yea, what's up Guyote?\" Eeva turned to him. \"Well, I was thinking, if you're not busy this Friday, maybe we could go out or something?\" He asked nervously. \"Sure! But we have a few problems. Umm my dad can't know and neither can anyone close to him.\" Eeva said straightforward. \"So this will be our little secret?\" Guyote put his index finger over his lips. \"Yea! See you Friday!\" She waved as she went to her next class. \"Ok.\" This shouldn't be too hard, I just can't tell anyone, easy. Or so he thought. \"Bellot! It worked, she said yes!\" Friday is going to be a great day! Now all I need to do is plan everything out and make sure it goes swimmingly. Friday came in a flash, and Eeva was finishing practice, she was the first to hit the showers and put on a nice sixties style floral dress with ballet shoes and her hair was its natural frizzy self. Then she ran over to her dad (the coach) that she was going to hang out with some friends in a study group and he agreed, so long as she called them if she needed anything. \"Ok, I'm going now!\" Eeva said as she ran out the door to meet Guyote. \"Hey, sorry that took so long, had to let my dad know that I'll be out late.\" Eeva smiled as Guyote handed her a beautiful bouquet of flowers. \"What'd you tell him?\" Guyote smiled, seeing how surprised she was. \"That I was going to a study group with my friends.\" Eeva smelled her flowers, thanking him as they walked off towards Guy's car. He got the door for her as they drove off. \"So where are we going?\" Eeva asked as she buckled her seatbelt. \"It's a surprise.\" Guyote smiled as he drove onto a dirt road ten miles down from the school, pulling into what seemed like a forest. There was a large lake where the sun would set, there were numerous wild flowers, most likely where Guyote picked for Eeva's bouquet. \"Wow, it's beautiful. What's this place called?\" Eeva asked Guyote as he parked the car, getting the door for her. \"Tomorrow.\" Guyote said sweetly. \"Tomorrow? I didn't know it was a place.\" She smiled as she got out of the car, looking around. \"Of course it is, I found it, after my parents died and I became an orphan. When I had free time I would come here, it gave me hope that tomorrow would be a better day.\" Guyote said somberly. \"Oh Guyote, I'm sorry, but it is wonderful that you had so much hope.\" Eeva reached out for him, taking his hand. \"There's nothing to be sorry about, life happens. It's just important to keep on living, especially for the ones you love.\" He looked deep into her eyes, seeing how they sparkled in the sun, green with tiny hints of yellow around the iris. \"I know what you mean. My family drives me crazy, but I'm happy that they love me enough to ensure my safety.\" Eeva looked into Guyote's eyes, noticing they were a light brown in the sun. \"What do you want to do? I mean after high school.\" Guyote asked as he led Eeva over to a premade picnic as they sat down on a soft blanket. \"Well, my dad wants me to get a scholarship for gymnastics, and even go to the Olympics.\" Eeva said rather gloomily. \"That's not what I asked, what do YOU want to do?\" Guyote asked again as he gave her a sandwich. \"Well, I want to go to college, but . . . not so soon, I want to travel and see the world. I know it takes money but I've been saving up for a long time now.\" Eeva said, her eyes lighting up as she told Guyote how she'd read in books and magazines about different parts of the world. \"That sounds great!\" Guyote smiled brightly as they both began to eat, after swallowing Eeva spoke up. \"What about you?\" She looked up at him. \"I want to paint, I want to go to an artist school, get a scholarship. But I want to travel, go backpacking around the world.\" He smiled as he gazed up at the clouds. \"Hmm, it would be fun if . . . we could go together.\" Eeva smiled bashfully, looking at the ground. \"I'd like that.\" Guyote reached for her hand. \"Really?\" Eeva's face was completely red. \"Yes, but your dad-\" Guyote started. \"Would kill you.\" Eeva finished. \"Yea, I want to live a long life.\" They both laughed. \"Well he won't help with that.\" Eeva was looking over at the water. \"Wanna go in?\" Guyote asked. \"I didn't bring a bathing suit.\" Eeva looked despondent. \"It's ok, neither did I.\" Guyote smiled suggestively. \"Guyote!\" Eeva elbowed him. \"Come on!\" He took her hand as they stood and ran toward the water, getting to the edge he began stripping, leaving his boxers on and jumped in. Eeva blushed as she took off her dress and ran in, screeching as she felt the cold water. She shivered as Guyote came from behind her, lifted her onto his shoulders and walked around as she giggled, before plunging into the water and coming up for air. They laughed as they swam around until they decided to get out and dry off. Eeva lay in the sun as Guyote grabbed his sketchbook and a pencil. \"Can I draw you?\" Guyote asked. \"What me? But I'm not pretty enough to be your model.\" Eeva blushed. \"No you're not, you're beautiful and you the only model I'd want to use.\" He smiled at her as her face lit up, turning red, so much so that he could hardly see her freckles, Guyote found himself blushed as he asked her to simply relax as he began drawing her, blushing when he drew certain areas. As he finished, he signed it and showed her the drawing. \"Guyote, it's beautiful.\" She smiled. \"No, you are, I was just drawing what I saw.\" He smiled at her as she leaned into kiss him on the cheek, just as he turned to tell her something, but their lips met for a brief moment as they both pulled away, their faces red as tomatoes. \"I-I'm sorry.\" Guyote was fumbling over his words. \"I'm not.\" Eeva smiled as she leaned in and kissed him again, he froze, but kissed her back. They talked more, snacked on more food from the picnic Guyote made and Eeva tried to sketch Guyote. He chuckled and said it looked like something Picasso would draw as Eeva agreed, once he told her who he was and explained his form of art. \"Well, I better head home, or my dad will worry.\" Eeva put her dress on and had him zip her up. \"Shall we?\" Guyote opened up the door for her as he drove her to her neighborhood. The car ride was rather silent as he stopped a block down. \"This is good, my dad would-\" Eeva started. \"Kill me if he saw me?\" Guyote finished. \"Exactly.\" Eeva leaned over to kiss him as he jumped off, and got the door, kissing her again as she waved goodbye. As she opened the door she sighed, feeling as if she were on a cloud. \"That was awesome.\" Guyote leaned back in his chair as he drove home, telling Bellot all about it. \"Oh, Eeva your home.\" Eeva's mother was making dinner. \"Yea.\" Eeva said dreamily. \"You hungry?\" Her mother asked. \"No.\" She said as she went over to her room, putting her things away as she went to shower. \"Oh Eeva, how did the study party go?\" Her father asked as she looked over at him in a daze. \"Oh fine.\" She said as she kissed him, telling her she loved him. She went past Kronk, saying he looked handsome as she went to bed, thinking about Guyote. \"What's with her?\" Eeva's father asked, looking at Kronk. \"Beats me.\" Kronk shrugged as they went over to the kitchen. \"Why is Eeva acting so strange?\" George asked his wife Ursula and his son Kronk as they began eating as Ursula served them a salad along with a large boiled chicken. \"Sandy, mom, come and eat!\" Ursula called as Sandy ran over with her grandma behind her. They all continued eating as George brought up Eeva again when Gran asked where she was. \"It's probably a boy.\" Gran said, as Kronk agreed. \"She is at that age.\" Ursula said. \"Boy! No way!\" George banged on the table as he hollered. \"I'm going to go get her, she needs to take a break.\" Ursula got up and brought Eeva to the table, she was still in a daze. \"Eat Eeva, you need your strength.\" Ursula served her. \"Sure, strength.\" She said as she sighed for the thousandth time. \"Eeva, are you feeling alright?\" Ursula asked, feeling somewhat concerned. \"Fine, fine, just happy.\" She said as she giggled, picking at her chicken and eating slowly. \"Hmm, well there better not be a boy involved.\" George practically snarled. \"Now George, Eeva's not a child anymore.\" Ursula put him in his place. \"That's right, when I was Eeva's age, I was already married!\" Gran stood up for her eldest grandchild. \"When you were Eeva's age, the dinosaurs were still roaming the earth.\" George chuckled as Ursula kicked him under the table. They continued chatting and teasing Eeva, though she ignored them, thinking about Guyote and their next date. \"I'm going!\" Eeva called out as her dad went after her. \"Where are you going?\" George asked. \"I'm going to the gym.\" Eeva smiled, showing him her gym bag. \"Fine, but remember-\" George started. \"Stranger danger, I know.\" Eeva sighed as she left, knowing she wasn't going to see a stranger. She walked a few blocks down, finding Guyote parked as Eeva waved, he jumped off the car and got the door for her, kissing her before she got in. \"Ready?\" She asked as she buckled herself in. \"Always.\" He smiled as he held her hand and they drove off to the school. Guyote parked the car as they got off and headed for the gym, Eeva took out the key and opened up the gym, turning off the alarm and they turned on all the lights. \"There are benefits to being a coached daughter.\" Eeva swung the key on her index finger as Guyote smiled and walked around, gazing up at the high ceiling, the uneven parallel bars, the beam, the floor, the vault, the pommel horse, the rings, the parallel bars, the horizontal bar, the floor beam, along with the floor trampoline and other various equipment. \"Wow, this is amazing.\" Guyote smiled as Eeva was warming up. \"Thanks, there's a lot more in the storage room, and a track upstairs. We change out whatever we're using at the time, except for the heavy artillery stuff, but sometimes we put it away, depending, but there's another gym across the way for more-so the guys, unless they're in gymnastics too.\" Eeva was stretching, feeling a nice pull in her muscles, but the stretching was helping to loosing any tight muscles, she felt relaxed as she slowly began to intensify the stretching, until she was finally able to do a handstand, then a pushup while in a handstand. She continued stretching and doing nearly impossible moves as Guyote watched every move she made, completely amazed. \"Ok, where do you want me first?\" She asked as she adjusted her green and black leopard leotard, Guyote smiled as he looked around. \"How about up there.\" Guyote pointed at the balance beam. \"The balance beam? Sure.\" Eeva walked over as she stretched and flipped her way up as she stretched out and began a routine. \"Just tell me when to stop.\" Eeva said straight-faced as Guyote nodded. She began slowly but strongly, he honestly wanted her to stop every second, but he knew better. He also had the urge to watch her entire routine, but he knew there would be one pose that she'd have to stop so he could draw her. Then she did it, the perfect pose, arching back with her hand reaching up towards the air as the lower was framing her face but her fingers facing upward as her gaze was at the ceiling, her right leg bent under her as the other stretched back. \"Stop!\" He ordered as she froze, he took out his sketchbook and sketched as if he life depended on it. After nearly an hour later, he told her she was done, she continued her routine as Guyote watched her until she flipped twice in the air before landing. Guyote clapped as she smiled and walked over to him. \"That was awesome!\" Guyote encouraged as he put his arms around her. \"Thanks.\" She smiled as she kissed him; they sat down and rested as Eeva looked at his drawing. \"Wow, it's stunning.\" She leaned against him as they began chatting as Guyote asked about Eeva's sport. She explained to him all the inner workings and how strict the judges were, thus George expected nothing but perfection from the team. They continued talking as Eeva encouraged Guyote to the trampoline as they jumped around and laughed, having a good old time, until the door opened, Guyote froze as he hid under the trampoline. \"Eeva.\" George walked in as she smiled at him, greeting him. \"Hi dad.\" She felt her hands beginning to shake as she stood and continued to practice tumbling. \"You're here alone?\" George looked around. \"Of course dad.\" Eeva smiled as she went over to the uneven parallel bars and began her routine as George watched, looking around but not seeing a sign of anyone. \"Well then, I wonder whose car that is.\" George said scratching his head as Guyote felt as though he was sweating bullets. \"I'm not sure.\" Eeva shrugged as she continued on. Guyote gulped as George walked over to the trampoline, looking down and seeking fingers from underneath, he snarled as he went to reach down, but Guyote ran off, towards Eeva. \"Dad!\" She screamed at him as she shielded Guyote. \"Eeva what's the meaning of this?!\" George screamed at her as he eyed Guyote as if he'd kill him if he got any closer. \"This is Guyote, he's my-my boyfriend!\" Eeva screamed as George's facial expression grew sullen. \"That's right sir. I care a great deal for your daughter, and I'm here and now asking your permission to date her.\" Guyote stood tall and strong as he faced George, who was still frozen. \"Dad?\" Eeva looked at her dad who seemed to be thinking. \"I thought I told you to stay away from strangers.\" He said flatly. \"Guyote's not a stranger, we became friends and we went out on a date, this is our second date. Dad, I really like him and he likes me, can't we just take this one step at a time and not panic?\" Eeva asked, pleading him to give Guyote a chance. \"One step at a time, I suppose there's no stopping you.\" George looked brooding, but he knew once his daughter made up her mind, there was no stopping her. \"Yes, it's not like we're going to get married.\" Eeva teased as Guyote blushed and George looked as though he nearly had a heart attack. \"No, too son to joke about that.\" George snapped. \"Of course sir.\" Guyote agreed. \"It was a joke dad. Oh and by the way, I want to backpack around the world with Guyote!\" Eeva said as George felt his heart sink. \"I see.\" He said plainly. \"Not right away. I want to finish school, and keep working on my gymnastics, but when I graduate I want to go, maybe even go to college in another country.\" She smiled brightly as George began laughing. \"Oh, of course my daughter would turn out like her grandmother.\" He finished laughing as Eeva smiled. \"Sorry dad.\" Eeva felt bad. \"Don't apologize, you're a Crood, I wouldn't expect anything less.\" George patted his daughter on the back as he looked over at Guyote, who was still timid as to going over towards him. \"And you, take good care of my daughter.\" George said bluntly as Guyote nodded his head and Eep smiled as they all seemed to be past the killing phase. Guyote and Eeva dated all throughout high school and went on to backpack across the world, of course taking ship or plane in order to get to farther destinations, taking a few months off before school, and attending various colleges in Europe as they finally came home with a bachelor's degree in the arts (Guyote) as well as pre-physical therapy and going towards her PhD. Her parents very proud, and also ecstatic at the fact that the two were engaged; life went on, George and Guyote often argued but Eep, Ursula, Gran, Kronk, and even Sandy stood up for Guyote. And of course Bellot was right there to witness it all, changing colors as the seasons changed. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE CROODS CHARACTERS, BUT THE STORY IS MINE. Enjoy Summary: It's totally "},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"A Great Dad","Author":"MiladyBellatrixBlack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10901427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *I do not own the Croods nor anything affiliated with the croods, no profit is made from this story, it is simply for amusement of myself and others. The small suns shone brilliantly down onto the tiny wooden platform lashed tightly together with strong, thick vines. A gentle shove from the brightly colored macawnivore pushed it off the bank and across the gleaming surface of the still water, causing ripples in its wake. Fire. Four lit torches bounced on the dry wood, emitting sparks as they crashed down on the raft and blazed, glowing the same vivid flame as her hair. A desperate gasping noise sounded from the dark beach and he knew. Knew she was crying again. From his position at the edge of the shore, Guy fell to his knees and tried to still the choked sob that rose from the depths of his soul. It would not be contained. He felt the hot wetness spreading down his cheeks and pressed his sweaty, shaking palms hard into his eyes, trying to snuff out the sight of the consuming fire. His ears suddenly shattered with the cruel howl of loss and anguish, discernible only by those with a broken heart. Moments later he felt the hoarse burn signaling the origin of the cry. His own throat. The sound was soon matched by a nearly identical cry. The difference? It was the sound of a father's heartbreak. Before? The sound of forever, dying. \"He thinks you're ready, Thunk. You wanna try?\" Guy stood near the fire, turning the sharpened ends of spears the family had painstakingly carved, in flames to make them harder. He had discovered that with a smooth stone, you could polish the blackened ends and it made them stronger with every subsequent firing. Guy had a neat row of smaller sticks he had already treated laying on the ground beside a long wooden pole that had been carefully bent and tightened with a sinew string. The delightful sound the string made as it was pulled back and released sounded, \" boooe \". They had taken to calling it a bow. The sticks Guy liked to line up...a row. Arrow. Grug and Eep found hunting easy. They ran fast and took a beast down hard. Thunk on the other hand, still found it difficult and so Guy had made great strides in the formulation of new tools he knew would help the boy. Thunk loved the idea of a new way to hunt that would make it easier for him to take down prey from a distance. He was also terrified. The weapons were daunting and hard to learn...this was where Guy came in. He had practiced until proficient at the new tools and with Grug's insistence, slowly began training Thunk on the best way to handle them. Now was the time to test his skills. Guy was to take him out on a hunt and stay near, but let Thunk try to take down dinner all on his own. Nervously, Thunk looked around camp for encouragement. Sandy, Ugga, and Gran sat near the hide tent, the elder women fashioning baskets from reeds found by the fresh water pool that served as a drinking spring for the family. The little cave girl played at their feet with her favorite playmate, Belt, a long-limbed sloth creature who used to be Guy's only source of friendship. Grug was using Chunky, his feline pet, to haul firewood into camp, but paused in his pursuits to meander over to his sons. He clamped a mighty hand on Thunk's shoulder. \"You two going to try out those new...new things?\" The large man glanced at the small pile of spears laying at Guy's feet. Thunk swallowed and looked down at his hands, \"Yeah, Dad.\" Guy ruffled his hair, \"He's going to do great! We'll be back later with a load of food, right Thunk?\" The boy sighed and shuffled his feet, \"Can Eep come?\" Grug shrugged, \"She's been out since early this morning...something about scaring up some meat, you know, just in case you need more practice. Don't worry, she'll be here when you get back and you can show her your kill. She's going to be so proud of you.\" He smiled toothily as he scanned his son and said as gently as Grug could, \"You're going to be a good hunter, son, don't worry. It just takes time. Listen to Guy and keep thinking how good that meat'll taste.\" Thunk peered up with a worried look and nodded again. The older boy, who Thunk had truly begun to think of as his brother, smiled kindly, \"It's going to be great! You'll see. And when we get back you'll have so much to brag about to Eep! She's going to be jealous...\" The two gathered the gear and set off, trudging to a field where turkeyfish often nested in the tall grass. Once at the designated spot, Guy gave another brief demonstration of both weapons then grabbed a spear of his own. \"Look,\" Guy pointed to a nearby tree with thick, even branches, \"I'm going to hide up here and keep an eye out. Call for me if you get into trouble and I will come help. But I won't come unless you call. This is yours. And just so you know, I'm really proud of you. You've been working really hard and it shows.\" Thunk gulped, wide-eyed, thankful for the praise, but terrified to fail at the one thing he knew would make his father proudest. Guy grinned at him and said offhandedly, \"You're going to have to get the hang of these soon anyway; Eep and I are going to need you to help with hunting for awhile.\" Thunk looked puzzled, \"But Eep loves to hunt!\" \"Can I tell you a secret?\" Guy leaned in close to his brother, \"You can't tell anybody. Not yet...\" Thunk nodded in eager consternation. Guy put his arm around Thunk's shoulders and dropped his voice, conspiratorially, \"Uh, well...well, Eep and I...we...we have been...for awhile—and well...you, you're the only one who knows, but—uh, Eep thinks she's going to have a baby. Ugga thinks so, too.\" Thunk smiled up at Guy, \"Really?\" He waited for the skinny man to nod and when he did, he laughed, \"You're going to make a great dad!\" Guy chuckled whole-heartedly, ruffling Thunk's hair, \"Thanks! Now, remember, you can't say anything. Not yet! I'm heading up the tree. Keep an eye out and yell if you need me.\" He pushed the younger boy towards the grass and quickly scampered up the low branches to settle himself against the trunk, spear at the ready. He kept an eye on Thunk who began to prowl the perimeter of the thick, reedy grass. Watching the fluffy heads of the waving plants induced a near hypnotic trance, it caused Guy's eyes flick back and forth. His pointed chin dropped lower and lower, finally resting against his firm chest as deep brown eyes dropped closed. Her face peered up into his with a slight mischievous glint lighting her eyes, \"Guy?\" He rolled over onto his back and pulled her into his arms, \"Mmmhmm?\" \"Last night...when you did that—thing? That made me make that...noise? That made you do that other thing?\" Guy blushed and bit his bottom lip, shifting a bit to tuck her head firmly under his chin, \"Mmmhmm!\" \"We should do that more.\" Guy felt the rumble of laughter as it bubbled up and out of his lungs, the eager, happy tone to her voice giving him the warm love feelings that settled deep in his stomach and sent tingles pulsing down his limbs. \"Guy? Are you listening?\" Eep was asking softly intertwining their fingers together as they rested on his chest. \"Wha? No. Sorry, Eep. What is it?\" He stroked her rough hands lightly with his thumb. Eep cleared her throat, \"I. Have been talking. To mom.\" \"Yeah?\" Guy could hear the hesitation in her voice and he pulled away slightly to look down into Eep's eyes. They were a vibrant leafy green with flecks of dark pine and they always looked at him in deepest love. He smiled down and stroked her wild fire mane asking softly, \"About what Eep?\" She gently drew his hand down to caress the tight expanse of her smooth stomach and replied, \"You know how I haven't felt right for awhile? Mom and I talked about it. And she feels. Well...she feels that you are going to be a really really great dad.\" Eep blushed and looked away with a secret happy little grin playing across her lips. The words completely escaped Guy's brain and all ideas fled as an image flitted behind his eyes. A beautiful baby with soft brown hair and laughing green eyes, reached out to him from the safe confines of Eep's arms. \"I? I'm going to be a...father?\" he whispered. She laughed and he tugged her into his chest hard, rolling her about, pressing kisses to the crown of her head. \"I'm going to be a dad! Eep! We! We are going to be a family! I'm going to be a dad!\" She giggled and pushed at this chest to keep him at bay, giving her the chance to look up at his ecstatic face, \"No, you're going to be a great dad.\" A shrill screamed howl woke Guy form his light snooze, \"GUY! I shot! Guy! I heard something! Guy, GUY!\" Thunk was hopping excitedly from one foot to the other directly under Guy's branch. Shaking off the last vestiges of sleep, Guy leapt silently down and landed gracefully on his feet, spear in hand, \"Nice, Thunk! In the grass?\" \"Yeah. I heard a rustle and shot!\" Thunk replied, nearly vibrating in his excitement. \"What do you think it is?\" Guy tossed Thunk a spear, placed his fingertips to his lips then pointed towards the grass. He mouthed, \"Come on,\" and indicated for Thunk to come in from the front. He pointed to himself and motioned in a circle; he would flank the left and come in from the side. They heard the wailing cry again and Thunk looked puzzled. Neither hand heard an animal make that sort of sound before. Guy jerked his head towards the grass, silently telling Thunk to go ahead. It was his kill, but if it wasn't dead yet, they needed to hurry and spear it before the beast suffered. Guy waited and let Thunk enter the forest of reeds before shouldering his own spear and prepared to follow. A chilling bellow issued from somewhere in the grasses. It was Thunk, desperate and scared. And he caused Guy's blood to freeze when he heard, \" GUY! HELP! \" Guy dropped his spear and tore off into the reeds despite the danger. He had to reach Thunk. He had to get to his brother before it was too late...the animal must have him! \" NOOOOO! Guy, PLEASE HELP! \" The long green plants slapped him in the face as he ran in desperation towards the noise. He finally broke out into a small clearing and balked at the sight before him. There was no creature. There was only Thunk facing him, the spear at his feet, and tears streaming down his cheeks. And there was Eep, facing her brother and trembling, an arm outstretched in question. When Thunk noticed Guy's presence he cried out wordlessly, a despairing, wounded noise that pierced Guy's heart. He didn't understand. Then time slowed to an infinitesimal crawl as Eep, his beloved Eep, turned around. Her face was scared—pale as the clouds—and her eyes seemed too large for her normally jovial face. Guy glanced down as her face screwed up in intense pain and Guy felt his heard spring into his throat. No. NO! Not Her! Not...this! Blood. Red, oozing, liquid dripped down her abdomen, staining her dress and coating the hands that pressed into her stomach, trying to staunch the life essence pouring from a wound. An arrow protruded from her belly like an afterthought. This wasn't real. This was a dream, it had to be...and it was horrible. He was still asleep and this was a nightmare and in just a moment he would wake up...and then Eep began to drop. His mate hit the dirt with her knees causing drops of thick dark red to splatter the earth. Guy reached her just as her body fell forward, but he didn't realize he was even moving until she was pressed against him. He cradled Eep gently and commanded in a stern tone, \"Thunk. Go. Chunky, we need Chunky. Get him.\" \"Guy?\" Thunk was whimpering, trying to tear his hair out with both hands. \"Guy. I...I did this. I did. I...Guy? It was ME. Guy, I...I didn't know! I swear, I didn't know! I'm sorry, Guy, I'm sorry. I'm sorry!\" He stammered in gasps, wild-eyed. \"Thunk. Stop! Just stop. I know it's not your fault. It's okay, she's going to be alright, if you go and get Chunky. Please. We have to get her home.\" Guy tried to keep his voice calm, despite the sheer terror in his heart. The boy was devastated and Guy wanted to console him, but there was no time. \"Run, okay? Run as fast as you can, and don't worry. She'll be fine.\" He chanced a look down at Eep, her lip trembled and tears flowed silently down her face. Guy heard feet hitting the ground hard and fast and he knew Thunk had taken off. \"Eep?\" Guy heard his voice crack. His mate. His beloved mate was lying, broken, and he could do nothing. \"You're going to be fine. It's not that bad and you're strong. It's going to be okay.\" \"Guy.\" The word was pained and faint, but it was as if she was trying to comfort him. She reached a shaky hand, covered in her blood, and gingerly placed her fingertips on his cheek. \"I wanted... to ,\" she gasped, \" to ...see. You. And—Thunk...wanted—OW!\" Guy eased her to the ground and placed his own hand around the arrow, pushing in lightly to compress her flesh. Eep grimaced, \"Wanted to see. Him. Hunt.\" Eep clutched at his hand providing pressure to her abdomen and a look of intense fear passed her face. She heaved a sob, \"My baby...\" Frantically, Guy began to look around for the big jungle cat. He couldn't look her in the face...his child... his baby. Guy choked on a cry, \"Don't. Don't talk, Eep. You'll be fine. I'll—you're doing great. I...I'm going to go for help... I don't want to leave you, but...I...I can run faster than Thunk and I'll be right back, I promise. Promise.\" He started to pull away when a great crashing sound reverberated in his ears and with a roar, Chunky barreled through the underbrush to the clearing, Thunk firmly on his back. \"THUNK! Thank all, you're back! I need you to lift her. I can't! Take her back to camp and I'll follow on foot.\" He pressed his forehead to Eep's and whispered, \"I can't lift you on my own.\" He pressed a swift kiss to her clammy skin, \"I'll be right behind you.\" \"NO!\" Eep whimpered and made a grab for his hand causing the wound in her gut to gush, \"Don't leave me. Please.\" \"Eep. Chunk can go faster without me on him.\" Another kiss, \"Right behind, I promise. Take her.\" Guy stood shakily and watched as Thunk tenderly lifted his sister in his thick arms. He felt sick...wanted to throw himself to the ground and sob, but he couldn't so he stepped back and allowed Thunk to lay her across Chunky's back. The solid boy leapt up behind her and supported her against his chest, glancing worriedly at Guy, \"Right behind?\" Guy nodded and slapped Chunky on the flank. His vision began to blur as he watched his only, his beloved, ride away without him. His eyes dropped to his hands, coated thickly with blood, still warm from her body and without realizing, he began to run. It was forever. The suns and moons rose and fell only to live and die once more. Over and over, they cycled. And not a second passed. In the glimmer of the hazy afternoon the motes of dust paused in their descent, frozen in space. It was impossible for these things to happen simultaneously, just as it was impossible that Eep lie on the ground, completely still, by the fire. He still couldn't catch his breath. Guy gasped silently, clutching his side with one hand and caressed Eep's hair with the other, her head resting heavily in his lap. She had lost so much blood. Her eyes remained closed and her skin was growing colder, pale. \"Stay.\" He crooned shakily. The breaths came shallow and uneven for them both. \"Stay with me. I can't without you. Eep? Eep, come on. I love you, please? Think. We...we have something to live for, Eep. Something important.\" Tears fell on her cheeks but they weren't from her eyes. Guy realized he hadn't stopped crying. A pained squeak sounded in the back of his throat as he sobbed and clutched at her hand, pressing it to her stomach trying to make her see. She had to hold on. \"THIS is important! You CAN'T!\" Guy heard a soft thud and a lowing, deep and mournful, \"I'm sor...orry!\" Thunk had knelt by his sister, his face in his hands and wracking tears shaking his body. Eep reached slowly and placed her hand over one of his, \"Spider. On yo...your fa—ce.\" He voice was low and gravelly as she chuckled then gasped painfully. A small trickle of blood trailed from the corner of her mouth. \"Oh, Eep!\" Thunk's lips trembled and he hefted a great cry, \"NO! I'm sorry! You can't die. I love you, Eep. Don't die. Please!\" \" Thunk .\" His name escaped her lips on a sigh and her eyes rolled back into her head. \"NO!\" Guy's hands fluttered helplessly, \"Nononononono! No, Please! Eep! I need you!\" He rocked her in his arms and flew into a hysterical panic. Behind him, Guy vaguely heard the breaking of his family, slowly at first...Ugga...then Gran. The desperate howl of the baby...and Thunk. Poor Thunk. Guy screwed his eyes shut, wishing he could shut his ears, his mind—but mostly his heart. \"Guy?\" Her whisper was faint, soft, like the mutter of the wind, \"I. Lo...love you. You. Would've. Made a gr...eat dad.\" A crimson bubble popped with a soft sound and the last breath slowly escaped from between the parted lips of the being that was once Eep Crood. And along with that breath, Guy's Tomorrow faded into darkness. ","Summary":" *I do not own the Croods nor anything affiliated with the croods, no profit is made from this story"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Nomada","Author":"BellaBlackEvans","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12177219","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aqui les traigo esta version alterna de lo que habria sido el final de los Coods, una pelicula muy linda, a mi me gusto Aclaratoria; solo estoy jugando con los personajes, me gusta la pelicula como esta, pero siempre es divertido jugar con la trama, no es por ofender a nadie, solo sana diversion Guy cayó sobre aquellas rocas puntiagudas un poco aturdido pero tardo solo unos segundos en darse cuenta que tenía la oportunidad de librarse de aquella familia de violentos cavernícolas, Ah se soltó - dijo Grug No sin dificultad ya que aún estaba dentro de aquel estrecho tronco, se levantó y se quedó viendo el espectáculo de aquella familia intentando caminar sobre aquellas pequeñas y filosas rocas, a él no le hacían daño gracias a sus zapatos Están sordos o que no pueden caminar sobre ellas - dijo Grug y lo volteo a ver la primera no se dio cuenta y la segunda se sorprendió al verlo de pie Trato de tomarlo estirándose, fue ahí que decidió alejarse Ahhh ven acá - grito Grug Genial hay va nuestro chance de sobrevivir - dijo la anciana del bastón Con nuestro tronco - dijo el niño Ahora si - dijo Grug y tratando de evitar el dolor comenzó a caminar sobre aquellas rocas Guy tuvo que admitir que aquel cavernícola tenia agallas para caminar sobre aquellas rocas, pero no para distraerlo y acelero el paso, el hombre tomo el tronco y al levantarlo el tropezó y cayo sentado Hay, hay, hay - se quejó Guy debido a que había caído sobre las rocas, atrapo a brazos y salió corriendo Quería alejarse lo más posible de aquella familia, sobre todo de la controladora chica, él era un chico al que le gustaba la adrenalina y la libertad, no quería anclarse a nada, ni nadie Se detuvo detrás de unas rocas para recuperar el aliento, volteo un segundo para ver a los cavernícolas saltando sobre las rocas, la chica pelirroja miraba en su dirección con ojos de borrego a medio morir, como esperando que el volviera Vamos brazos, debemos llegar a terreno alto y encontrar comida, agua y un refugio antes del anochecer - dijo Guy El chico comenzó a caminar alejándose rumbo a la montaña, cada vez escuchaba más lejos los gritos de aquellos cavernícolas hasta que ya no los escucho más No me mires así brazos, yo nunca dije que sería su guía, solo los ayude un poco, vamos me metieron en un tronco - dijo Guy - como sea en este mundo solo sobreviven los más fuertes, no los que le tienen miedo a todo, incluso a su propia sombra, no hay lugar en el mañana para los cavernícolas, es cruel, pero es la verdad Brazos se abrazó más a el Así el chico continuo su camino, días mas tarde llegaba a aquella hermosa y solitaria playa, pero ahora que estaba ahí se preguntaba que había sido de aquella familia y que tan diferente hubieran sido las cosas de haberlos ayudado, talves no se sentiría tan solo como lo hacia Pero él hubiera no existe, ahora solo podía mirar hacia delante y encontrar la forma de sobrevivir, años más tarde encontraría a otra nómada y tendría una familia con ella, pero seguía preguntándose como habrían sido las cosas con aquella extraña familia que seguramente había muerto en el desastre Comenten plisss:) Besos:) ","Summary":" Aqui les traigo esta version alterna de lo que habria sido el final de los Coods, una pelicula muy "},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"You'll make it to Tomorrow","Author":"CutieTeddybear","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11363877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It wasn't unusual for there to be thunderstorms in Tomorrow. In fact it was the only fault in this paradise, one the Croods could look past easily, but still got annoyed when the weekly storms came to pass. Eep often shouted that the thunder would wake her up and Grug would make sure everyone is there and be the usual worry war he was. Ugga made sure everything was safe and secure from the storm and Thunk kept Sandy entertained. Originally it was Belt who entertained Sandy while Thunk helped his father and Guy would help Ugga with securing everything. Originally. Ironically enough, it wasn't a storm that did the lively sloth in. The sloth had been there since Guy was little and it was just age and sickness that had done the little thing in. The Croods have lost animals before and Guy had just been fine, more than fine, he was used to loss. But they weren't Belt. At first Guy seemed to be okay, shrugged it off like he always did. He smiled and joked with the Croods but Ugga knew that something was off. He seemed a little off. He would refer to Belt and get no response and his whole face changed into confusion. As if he didn't know why Belt was gone, or where he had gone, or when he'll be back. It would just be for a moment before Guy would snap back and act like it had never happened. Smile and laugh as always but they never reached his eyes. Eep noticed that. Before Guy's expressions were plain on his face, his eyes being accurate to his inner feelings, but now they seemed dark and lost. Eep's closest comparison to it would be the night sky without any of the suns in it. Only the suffocating darkness was all she could see and now Eep would always try to avoid Guy's eyes. Grug was reminded of tar. Not the tar he and Guy had been trapped in. No, it was the imaginary tar Guy had to watch swallow his parents slowly. It was the idea that a small child had to watch his parents perish and then had to somehow continue to live without any guidance. The very idea was everything Grug wasn't. Grug had always said his rules were what kept his family alive but Guy had no rules, no father, no mother, nothing but Belt. Grug remembered clearly what Eep was like as a child and the idea that Guy never got that, never got to be impulsive or crazy. As much as he had hated Eep doing dangerous stunts it was who she was and what being a child was all about. Guy couldn't do that, Guy had to be a father and a mother to himself and keep himself alive. Every time he saws Guy's eyes he felt like they were suffocating him. The tar was swallowing him whole and reminding him of how he treated Guy before he knew what Guy's past was like. It was funny, there hadn't been a storm. Actually in the months Belt's been gone there hasn't been a storm, sure some rain but nor thunder or anything. They thought that would help but no, Guy was becoming worse and most of the Croods didn't know how to act properly. He became quiet and distant, staring off into nothing. Ugga would ask if he ate and Guy wouldn't respond or, on good days, he would shrug. Eep tried to get him to join her one rides but he didn't even try to pretend and now his whole face showed what his eyes held, emptiness. Gran was reminded of herself. She hadn't fully realized it until a huge storm came. It was as if the earth itself was holding back all its fury and tears like Guy had, as if the Earth was sympathizing with the skinny boy. That's what Gran called him, a boy. She was old enough that he and Eep were just children to her but she never knew how accurate she was in calling Guy a boy. The thunder crashed down and Gran couldn't sleep, haunted by her past and of a large red rock that hadn't been that color the day before. Her trip gerbils stayed by her side loyally, becoming ear muffs to help block out sounds. How funny that she found Guy deep in a cave where the thunder echoed and the lightning lit up the walls to reveal horrifying shadows. How hilarious that it was like how Eep was when she was little and scared only there was no Grug for Guy, no Ugga, and no Gran. Nobody. It flashed in her mind when she heard the sobs. The dancing, the red on the rock, and the grip so tight it bruised her wrist and marked her for months. She was horrified that it had come to this and she felt terrible because if she hadn't fallen for him he would still be alive. That stayed with her even to this day. Suddenly it all came together and Gran knew what Guy was doing, or at least had an idea. She had done the same thing when she had been first traded off. Running off to cry and sob and try to hold back the pain and the sorrow and the fear. Completely shutting down and just moving and working but she wasn't actually there. He was just a child. The thought sickened her, sure she was a salty old woman but she had to be to survive. This was Guy, a sweet young boy with a big heart and too skinny for his own good. He was only a child. A child like Eep and Thunk and Sandy. A child like how Ugga was and how Grug probably was. He's a child. Gran had been older, wiser, and knew how to work even when upset and broken. Gran knew how to fight back and survive on her own cause someone had been there to teach her. She had gone through her own loss and tragedy just like Guy but she knew how to handle it . Guy didn't, he was little and young and weak. A child should be impulsive and be wild and never worry but Guy had to worry, had to be calm, and had to think about every little thing he did. Belt's importance hit her like a corn cob on fire, he was the one thing that kept Guy going. He was Guy's ugga. Gran remembered having Ugga and loving her so much and never wanted her to go through what she had. Belt was what kept Guy going, Guy didn't want to lose him so he had to take care for the both of them. \"Your breathing.\" Guy froze, his breathing becoming even more erratic at the voice. He didn't turn around but just curled even more. He looked so small and fragile, something breakable. He looked like how Gran had when he was furious Ugga was a girl. \"Try to slow it down.\" She sat next to him now, not to close but not too far. \"I'm trying.\" His voice was weak and hoarse. Gran expected this due to how long he has gone without speaking. What she never expected was lightning to flash and reveal so much of what has gone unnoticed. Gran's throat went dry and she swallowed to try and wet it but it wouldn't go down. \"That's good, keep trying okay?\" She could see ribs. Oh he had always been thinner than the rest of them but it was a healthy thin, not like this. She could see ribs and his color was no longer that bronze Eep loved. No it was dull and patchy and dirty. If someone had come to her and said 'this is Guy' and showed her the boy she was looking at she would have laughed and shook her head because that wasn't Guy. This wasn't Guy. But it was. That's what hurt the most that this was Guy. She had never had anyone to help her and she knew what that does to people. \"Tell me if this is okay.\" She placed a coarse, bony, hand on his back and waited for Guy's reaction. He didn't show any discomfort, which was good, but he also showed no comfort. After a while his breathing started to calm down and he relaxed into her hand. The storm had also calmed down, thunder coming less and less and the lightning rarely ever lighting the cave walls. The trip gerbils curled around Gran's neck and relaxed against her. \"I was back there.\" He was talking, that was good, right? \"I was back there, I could hear their screams.\" Oh…Oh no please. Gran didn't want to hear this but at the same time she knew it would help. \"There was a storm, and I slipped.\" Gran snapped her head towards Guy, had he been the one who fell in? \"We all did and the tar was so hot and my legs were in it and I was screaming because it hurt so much.\" Gran blinked at the realization that Guy has never shown his lower half of his body, not even to take off his shoes. Now she knew the answer to a question she never even asked. \"I kept screaming and screaming and it caused my parents to slip trying to save me.\" Was he crying or was it Gran? It was hard to tell. \"My mom fell head first, she opened her mouth to scream and it went in her mouth.\" The image nearly made Gran vomit, and she had nearly eaten her own grandchild. \"My dad got me out but he couldn't escape, he told me to continue on but I couldn't. I couldn't feel anything but the pain and the heat and the screams.\" Gran pictured a tiny version of Guy with that big toothy grin and chubby cheeks contorted in utter agony and she felt her heart break all over again. She pictured Ugga or Eep or even Thunk and Sandy in his position and nearly hurled. \"I laid there, holding my dad's hand the whole night through. That was when Belt found me, with medicine. I managed to drag myself into a cave and hide there until I could move.\" Gran glanced down at Guy's covered legs and tried to imagine the scars he bore. \"It hurt so much to move, it still does at times but I had to keep moving. I have to get to Tomorrow.\" And now he's here and has no idea what to do. Gran finally understood all Guy has been holding back. Guy has been clinging to that one last advice his parents gave him as a connection to them. Now it's been severed. \"I-Is is bad that I thought I would never find Tomorrow?\" Gran didn't know she could cry, but here were the tears streaming down her face. \"No, you're just a boy.\" That's all he was, just a boy. A boy who grow up to fast for his own good and now has damaged from it. Like she was. \"I could hear them, their screams.\" He had mentioned that and Gran wished she could help. She scratched one of the Trip Gerbils when she was struck with an idea. \"I think I can help. I have an idea.\" Gran will swear she saw a smile from Guy. He looked to her with a confused look to which Gran chuckled and motioned for him to lie down. \"I hate thunderstorms too, so I have the gerbils sleep over my ears and listen to them breathing.\" Guy's eyebrows furled but got the idea and closed his eyes, breathing becoming a little more erratic. Gran ushered the gerbils next to Guy's ears and let him get used to the feeling of fur. After a few minutes Guy seemed to relax and his breathing became deeper. He was asleep. Gran smiled and looked out the cave to see the storm had passed. It was morning and the Croods were tracking their scents. She moved to the cave's entrance and told them to shush so Guy could sleep. There was something about her smile Ugga hasn't seen in her mom in a long time. It reminded Ugga of her childhood, how Gran would look at ugga as if she was the sun itself. That's when Ugga realized she has become another parent to Guy just like she and Grug. They all had the same idea. To give Guy what he never got. A family. ","Summary":" It wasn't unusual for there to be thunderstorms in Tomorrow. In fact it was the only fault in this "},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Work in Progress","Author":"mywildimagination","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10778740","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Sandy had been put to bed, Ugga joined the rest of the family around the fire. She crouched behind Eep and Guy, whispering to them, \"Are you ready?\" Guy answered \"No,\" at the same moment Eep answered \"Yes.\" \"It'll be fine, Guy,\" Eep reassured him. \"What are you three whispering about over there?\" Grug asked, pointing his sharpened bone toothpick their way. Guy gulped. Ugga merely smiled and patted his shoulder. \"Oh, it's nothing,\" she said as she stood and took her usual spot between Grug and Gran. \"Eep and Guy just have an announcement to make.\" \"Let me guess,\" said Gran. \"You've got young on the way.\" \"Dun dun duuun!\" chimed Belt. Thunk asked, \"You're going to have a baby, Eep?\" \"That's right,\" Eep said, grinning widely. Guy smiled too, but warily, gaging Grug's reaction. So far so good – he was looking merely stunned at the moment. \"Already?\" Grug asked numbly, which resulted in an eye roll from Gran. \"They've been mated for months now, Grug. Get with the program!\" \"But they're still so young,\" he groaned. \"I was younger than Eep is now when she was born,\" said Ugga. \"But Guy! He and her – her and him –\" Gran threw her hands in the air. \"They had sex, Grug! What else is new?\" Grug yelped and put his hands over Thunk's ears. \"Don't ruin his innocence, too!\" \"But I know what sex is, Dad.\" \"You . . . what ?\" \"Yeah, I found out when –\" Guy and Eep stiffened. \"When I told him,\" said Ugga. \" You told him?\" \"We had a nice little talk, didn't we, Thunk?\" \"Uh, yeah. Yeah, we did.\" \"And you didn't tell me –\" \"Now's not the time for that conversation, Grug.\" Ugga leaned over and stroked his arm. \"This is wonderful, Grug. We're going to be grandparents.\" Wistfully Gran said, \"It feels like yesterday we got Sandy sleeping through the night,\" then added sharply, \"and now we're getting another screaming brat.\" \"Mom, this is great news. How many women live to see their children's grandchildren?\" \"One too many,\" muttered Grug. For that, he got a hit with her walking stick. \"I heard that, you lump!\" Grug batted the stick away, then got to his feet. \"I need to take a walk.\" Gran called after him, \"Don't stay out too late now! Enjoy a good night's sleep while you can!\" When he was safely out of hearing range, Ugga said, \"Thunk, I need you to promise me something.\" \"Sure, Mom.\" \"Don't ever mention . . . that incident . . . with Guy and Eep to your father. It would make him very upset.\" \"Oh. Okay.\" \"There was an incident?\" asked Gran. Her eyes rested on Guy and Eep's red faces, then grinned wickedly. \"He walked in on you two, didn't he?\" She cackled as they looked away. \"Anyway, um, thanks for the save, Mom,\" said Eep. Ugga reached around the fire and patted her shoulder. \"Of course, sweetie. And Guy, don't you worry about Grug. He just needs some time. Once he gets used to the idea he'll be so excited.\" \"I'm still not sure he won't strangle me in my sleep.\" Gran laughed. \"And have to face Eep in the morning? He's not that stupid.\" \"You really don't have to worry, sweetie,\" said Ugga. \"Everything is going to be fine. We'll all be here to help you two. Aren't you excited to be an uncle, Thunk?\" \"Yeah!\" After a snore from the nearby crib he added, \"As long as it's not like Sandy.\" Gran snorted. \"Guy's kid? Like Sandy? That'll be the day.\" The next morning, Guy awoke with Eep's place beside him empty and Grug's face in his own. With a yelp, he scrambled to the other end of the room. \"Good morning, Guy! Are you ready for some fatherly instruction?\" \"Uh, yes? You're not going to kill me, are you?\" \"Of course not! What kind of father are you going to be if you're dead?\" Guy hardly had time to be relieved before he was dragged into the forest and spiked into the ground. \"All right, Guy,\" said Grug. \"Today is going to be a special day. Right now, we're standing in Tomorrow, but today is not tomorrow – it's going to be . . . the day after tomorrow.\" Confused, Guy turned to Belt, who gave a shrug. \"Are you okay, Grug?\" \"No!\" said Grug. \"I am not okay! Do you want to know why?\" \"Uh . . .\" \"Because today, I am not Grug! I am\" – he turned around and faced Guy again, wearing a ratty reddish-purple wig and with a bulge in his pelt – \"Eep!\" \"What is that on your –\" Grug interrupted Guy with a slap to the face. In falsetto he cried, \"I am carrying your miserable spawn, Guy! The least you can do is get me some fish!\" Dizzy from the slap, Guy asked, \"What?\" Grug shouted in his face, \"Fish! I'm craving fish! Get me some NOW!\" \"Okay, okay!\" Guy pulled himself out of the ground. \"No, you're not! You are not okay until this baby and I are fed! Now get going!\" Fishing spear in hand, Guy ran into the real Eep on the beach. He fell into her arms and said, \"I think we broke your dad.\" \"What?\" \"He's pretending to be you! But even more pregnant! He's making you crave fish.\" \"And you have to get it for him. Me? Him.\" \"Yes! You should see the thing he's got on his head. Where does he even get these –\" Out of the forest came a falsetto call. \"Oh Guyyyy! Where's my fish?!\" \"I gotta go.\" Once the fish were cooked and eaten, \"Eep\" demanded a foot rub. Guy could hardly bring himself to touch Grug's scaly feet. When he was finished, Grug asked in his falsetto, \"Tell me, Guy. Do my ankles look fat?\" \"Uh . . .\" \"Oh no, they are fat! I look so ugly, you must want to leave me.\" \"No, I would never leave you.\" Grug gave a strangled cry which, in falsetto, was anything but easy on the ears. \"You want to stay and get me pregnant again ? Is that all I am to you, a baby-making machine ?\" \"No, of course n –\" \"Eep\" started \"weeping.\" \"I don't want to hear it, Guy. Go away! I can't even stand to look at you.\" As Guy attempted to soothe his \"mate,\" the rest of the family was starting their day. \"It sounds like a dying animal out here,\" said Gran. \"That's no dying animal,\" Ugga assured her. \"It's Grug's crash course for 'fatherhood.'\" \"He's doing his ridiculous impressions again? Why didn't you tell me?\" She leapt onto her daughter's back. \"Quick! Get me down there! I don't want to miss another minute of it!\" I'm not usually one for ANs, but I just want to reassure everyone that poor Thunk didn't see anything too naughty. Just enough to provoke a conversation with his mother about the facts of life. And embarrass Eep and Guy for the next millennium. The larger story, if I ever write enough to publish, will be a lot more serious. ","Summary":" When Sandy had been put to bed, Ugga joined the rest of the family around the fire. She crouched be"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Shay: The Croods","Author":"Samantha Peace HeartStar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12383994","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shay: The Croods Summary: Shay is a 17 year old girl who can live any and everywhere, even in the past, or things like movies and books, so what happens when she accidently enters The Croods world? Story 1 in the Shay series. SPH: Hey-o! So, this is my new and first The Croods fanfiction and as you can see, it centers around my new OC Shay who will apprear in a Magical Disney Shorts chapter by one of my best friends Gracekim1. So, I do not own The Croods, or any of the characters, animals, or places, I only own Shay and my the Croods animal OC Misha. On with the story! Shay blinked as she woke up, her dark brown, almost black hair covering her face. Groaning she pushed it out of her face and stood up. She looked around and saw she was on a tropical-like beach. \"Where… am I?\" she asked confused. She frowned. It didn't make sense, the last place she'd been was the woods near her school after running there and seeing Lucas kiss the most popular girl in school after asking her on a date only two classes before, so why was she here? \"I must of opened a portal and traveled somewhere far away from him without realizing it.\" She said sighing. She looked around again. \"It still doesn't answer where, or even when I am though.\" She turned around and spotted a jungle behind her. Deciding it would have better shelter than just standing on the beach she headed into it. \"These plants,\" she muttered, \"I've only seen them in museums.\" A giant mosquito flew by making her give a startled scream. \"Giant bug!\" she cried before running. \"Okay, giant bug, I'm either in the Stone Age, or I'm gonna have to try and avoid meat eating dinos.\" Still running Shay looked around for any indication of which era she was in. She was so caught up in running she didn't notice the cliff ahead of her until she almost fell off it. \"Okay,\" she said backing away, \"that was far too close!\" She heard a large growl behind her and turned to see a giant cat with fur that matched a macaws' feathers and giant teeth. \"Giant cat!\" She cried, \"Defiantly the Stone Age!\" The cat or Macawnivore started moving closer to her. \"N-nice kitty…\" Shay stuttered. The macawnivore pounced and Shay just barely managed to dive onto the ground in time. She turned around to see the macawnivore go over the cliff. She gasped and ran over to the edge and saw it was hanging onto the cliff with a terrified expression. \"Hold on!\" Shay cried, \"I'll help you!\" She stood up and looked around for something to help pull the macawnivore up onto the ground. While she was terrified it might eat her once off the cliff, if there was one thing she could never bring herself to do, it was abandon an animal in trouble, which, more often than not got her into some form of trouble. \"Uhm, oh!\" She cried spotting a hollowed out log and vines. She raced over to them before breaking the log in two, which had it not been hollow it never would have worked, then tied the vines together before attaching them to the log and draping them over a tree branch. Looking around she spotted stones that could easily make a pulley systems. Once she had it set up, she dropped the log over the cliff, next to the macawnivore. \"Get on and I'll pull you up!\" Shay called leaning over. The macawnivore looked between Shay, the log, and the bottom of the cliff. Giving a panicked roar it climbed into the log. \"Hang on!\" Shay yelled. She quickly raced back to the tree and started pulling the macawnivore up. 'Geez! That cat weighs more than I thought.' She thought grunting. She smiled once the macawnivore stepped out of the log and onto the ground. \"There ya go.\" She said panting and pushing her hair out of her eyes once again. The macawnivore looked at her making her gasp and back towards the tree, but the macawnivore just snorted and ran off. Once it was out of sight Shay gave a relieved sigh and slouched against the tree. \"Okay, well, I better change.\" She said standing up. Closing her eyes she began to alter reality. When she opened them she was in the air, floating. Giggling she spun around and burst through a cloud. As she did so everything started changing, she no longer had on modern day clothes, instead she had on a short, snow leopard fur dress with no sleeves, or straps, a pair of shorts on under it, and a decorative belt with gems and shells on it. A necklace with three sea shells with a red feather between each appeared on her neck, while a brown armlet showed up on her right arm while a second one with red feathers was on her left arm. A headband with red feathers materialized on her head. Spinning around once more she closed her eyes. When she opened them, she bas back beneath the tree and had her katana leaning against it, along with a spear. \"Well,\" Shay said grabbing a vine and braiding her hair, \"that's better.\" Tying the vine around the bottom of the braid she looked around. \"But I need to find shelter for the night, and food, and clean, nonocean water.\" She looked at the spear. \"What's worse is I have no clue how to hunt.\" She said. She sighed and looked down at her feet. \"Hm, something's missing,\" she muttered looking at her ankles. She picked up some vines and wove them together in an anklet that she tied around her right ankle. \"There! Perfect!\" She grabbed her katana and spear and headed out to find a place to rest, and to hopefully find food and water. After about walking for an hour she spotted a bunch of bananas hanging from a tree. \"Perfect!\" she said. She drew back her spear before throwing it and knocking down the bananas. She quickly ran after where they fell. Once she reached them she started pealing and eating. After having her fill she started on again. About an half hour later she heard a macawnivore give a roar, but it sounded more panicked than what she assumed was normal. Despite the want to just keep going, she ran after it and found the macawnivore from earlier with its butt stuck in a tar pit. \"Hang on,\" Shay said laughing, \"I'll get you out.\" Grabbing a stick she carefully made her way to the pit and placed it behind the macawnivore and held it down. \"Go on! Get!\" Shay cried. The macawnivore stood up, the stick taking its place in the tar. Shay stood up and sighed. The macawnivore sniffed her, snorted, then ran off again. \"You're welcome!\" Shay yelled cupping her hands to her mouth. She sighed before heading back the way she came. Eventually night came. Shay sighed and quickly built a fire. Looking up in the trees she spotted a bird. Her stomach growled and she sighed. Looking back up at it she threw her spear again and the bird landed in front of her. \"Sorry birdie.\" She whispered. Looking around she found two sticks that made perfect stakes to roast the bird on once she plucked off the feathers. After cooking it, she started eating. Not long after she heard a growl and groaned. \"Here.\" She said turning around and giving the bird to the macawnivore that she'd run into twice. The macawnivore blinked before eating the bird, then snuggled up against Shay. \"Huh, you're pretty sweet, ya know that?\" She said, \"I think I'll call you Misha, assuming you're okay with that.\" The macawnivore only purred and snuggled closer. \"Okay, Misha it is.\" Shay said yawning. \"Well, good night Misha.\" She said closing her eyes. When she woke up the next morning Shay was a bit surprised there was something furry next to her, but when she looked and saw Misha, she remembered everything and sighed. Stretching she stood up. \"Come on Misha, we'd better get going if we wanna find food, shelter, and fresh water.\" She said picking up her spear and katana. Misha slowly got up herself before following Shay. How long they walked Shay wasn't sure, but eventually they found themselves at the base of a waterfall. Shay quickly bent down and cupped water in her hands before drinking while Misha took a drink as well. Shay looked at the pool in front of them. Carefully she waded in and headed towards the falls. About one fourth of the way there she realized she'd have to swim there. Once she reached the falls she stood under them before swimming back. \"Well, maybe we can find shelter near here.\" She said, \"We'd have clean water, and could swim, and I could easily stand under the falls if I wanted to get clean.\" Misha looked at her, then started walking away. \"Misha! Misha wait!\" Shay cried running after her. Misha finally stopped in front of a large tree with multiple thick, sturdy branches. \"Misha! This is perfect! I can build a house up in the tree, and we're close to the water fall!\" Shay cried, \"And we could hunt for food, and I can gather once I figure out what's safe to eat and what isn't, and this is perfect!\" Misha gave Shay a slightly confused look, but didn't do anything else. Over the next three days Shay and Misha worked on making the tree house, even making a pulley system so if Misha were hurt she wouldn't have to climb, Shay could just pull her up. Misha also helped teach Shay to hunt, and Shay managed to figure out what was okay to eat by observing the other animals. After being there about a month, which Shay had kept track of by making notches in the trees, Shay had been showering under the waterfall when Misha suddenly looked up and growled. \"Misha?\" Shay asked, \"What's wrong?\" Misha only continued to growl making Shay worry. Quickly she threw her clothes back on and redid her braid. She grabbed her katana and the blow darts she'd made a few days earlier. \"Come on, let's go.\" She said mounting onto Misha. Once Shay was on, Misha took off. Shay noticed the trees thinning out, meaning they were getting close to the beach. When they were almost at the edge Shay grabbed onto a nearby vine and swung into a tree. Using other vines and branches she perched on a branch just at the edge of the beach. Looking out she saw a bearowl, a land whale, another macawnivore, multiple small animals, and seven people. Misha ran onto the beach then, giving a roar that said she meant business. The other macawnivore charged at her, while the bearowl shrank back and the land whale pretended to be a cave. Shay gasped and shot the new macawnivore with a blow dart, knocking it out. She grabbed hold of a vine and swung out onto the beach and held her katana to one of the human's neck. He appeared to be about her age and was clearly scared. \"Who are you?\" Shay demanded, \"And why are you trespassing on my territory, don't you have a cave, or something to retreat to?\" \"Okay, first off, we don't live in caves,\" the human who she had her katana against her neck said, \"secondly, I'm Guy,\" \"Guy?\" Shay asked, \"What sort of moron names their son Guy?\" Guy glared at her. \"Look,\" One of the other humans' a large man who looked like her could have easily been Guy's father if they had any similarities other than eye color, \"we don't want any trouble, we're just passing through.\" \"Exactly,\" Guy said, \"we had no idea this was where you live, so if you'll kindly removed your weapon from my neck as soon as Chunky wakes up we'll leave.\" \"He is going to wake up, right?\" The man asked. \"Of course he is!\" Shay cried, \"I'm not heartless, I only kill an animal if I either have no choice, or are going to eat it, he's fine.\" Suddenly something around Guy's waist moved, revealing to be an animal. \"Is that a sloth!?\" Shay cried lowering her katana. \"Yes, that's Belt.\" Guy said. \"I love sloths,\" Shay said, \"they're always so cute!\" She looked at the humans. \"If Belt trusts you, then so do I.\" she said, \"My name's Shay.\" She motioned to Misha, \"And this is Misha.\" Chunky gave a small growl. \"He should wake up in about an hour.\" Shay said, \"I have a tree house not too far away, once he's up we can go there.\" She sighed. \"I'm sorry about being hostile, I've been on my own most of my life, I never really got to know my parents, I was too little to understand what happened, all can remember is they left to go hunting one day and never came back.\" She lifted her katana and looked at it. \"This was my father's, it's called a katana. It's… all I have left, I went looking for them, even though they'd told me to stay put, and I found this.\" \"I can relate to that.\" Guy said making her look up. \"Huh?\" Shay muttered. \"My parents died in a tar pit when I was little, Belt was my only companion until I met the Croods.\" Guy said. \"The who?\" Shay asked. Guy frowned and motioned to the six people with him. \"Oh.\" Shay said, \"Well, I feel like an idiot now.\" \"A what?\" the girl her age asked. \"An idiot, you know a really stupid person?\" Shay asked. \"Wait, does that mean I'm an idiot?\" the young boy in the group asked. \"That's my brother Thunk.\" The girl said, \"He's pretty stupid, and easy to scare.\" \"And your name is?\" Shay asked. \"Oh! I'm Eep.\" Eep said. \"And the rest of you are?\" Shay asked. \"I'm Ugga,\" the younger woman said, \"that's my husband Grug,\" she said motioning to the man who did not seem very happy with her. A young girl ran over to her and circled her similar to a dog. \"Sandy!\" Eep cried. \"You're sister I assume?\" Shay said stepping away from the girl. \"Yeah,\" Eep said grabbing her, \"anyway, that's Gran,\" She motioned to the old woman in the group, \"Douglas,\" she motioned to a crocopup, \"Scarf, and Pomp Pomp's the tripmouse around Gran's neck,\". Chunky managed to stand up, though he was very wobbly. \"Huh, he woke up sooner than usual.\" Shay said. \"It's getting dark.\" Guy said looking up at the sky. \"Come on, you can stay at my place for the night.\" Shay said, \"It's not too far away, unless you're going on foot.\" Guy and the Croods nodded and followed her back to her tree house, Eep telling her the rest of their pets names, though Shay was more focused on Chunky. Once they arrived Shay showed them her pulley system for Misha which was used to get Chunky up into the tree house as well. \"So, you built this?\" Guy asked looking round. \"With Misha's help.\" Shay said, \"It's pretty much perfect, minus the neighbors.\" As if on cue a monkey entered and tried to steal some food. \" Oh! Shoo! Shoo! Get out of here!\" Shay yelled waving a broom at it. The monkey quickly took off. \"See what I mean?\" Shay asked putting the broom back down. She heard stifled laughter coming from her guests. \"Oh sure, laugh, it wouldn't be funny if you always had to try and keep them out, or come back and find out some of your stuff was missing.\" Shay said. \"So, why'd you think we lived in caves?\" Eep asked. \"It's a long story,\" Shay said, \"but to make it short, I thought everyone lived in caves, I thought I was the first person to live in a tree, to live outside of a cave.\" \"So, is that why you're on your own?\" Thunk asked. \"No, I didn't have human interaction since my parents died not direct interaction anyway; I hate caves, so I tried to avoid others, hoping I wouldn't end up having to live in one.\" Shay said. \"I'm so sorry to hear that.\" Ugga said. \"It's no big deal,\" Shay said shrugging, \"I'm used to it.\" She frowned. \"I… feel safer on my own… lonely, but safe, Misha's an exception, she's my only friend, and I'm glad I met her, I haven't lived here long, but if it weren't for Misha, I might not of survived out here. I'm just… afraid that if I have a family again… I'll lose them…\" Eep snorted. \"I fail to see what's so funny.\" Shay said glaring. \"Oh, I wasn't laughing at you!\" Eep said, \"It's just, if we hadn't met Guy, we'd probably been dead by now too, he showed us how to survive out here, like Misha showed you.\" Shay smirked. \"I guess you grew up on your own out here then.\" Shay said crossing her arms and smirking at Guy. Guy rubbed the back of his neck and shrugged. Shay shook her head. \"So, how exactly did you guys end up here?\" she asked turning and starting in making something to eat. \"Well,\" Eep said slowly, \"Excluding Guy and Belt, and our pets, we used to be cavies.\" \"Cavies?\" Shay asked, \"Oh! You mean cavemen! Got it!\" \"Yeah, I met Guy when I left the cave at night, which was against the rules,\" Eep continued, \"and he told me about The End…\" \"The what?\" Shay asked. \"The End,\" Guy said, \"end of the world.\" Shay snorted. \"Okay, sure, and that would be?\" she asked. \"Seriously?\" Guy asked, \"How did you not know about it? The ground was shaking, then it was splitting apart and everything was falling in! Fire! Lava!...\" \"Never reached here, I can't think of a time and earthquake hit this area.\" Shay said, \"Maybe when I was a kid and lived far away, but as for right where we are, nothing like that happened.\" \"Lucky…\" Guy muttered. \"So, you were saying Eep?\" Shay asked. \"Well, our cave got destroyed by the beginning of The End, and then we ended up in a jungle, and then we tried to find a cave, but we ran into Chunky who, at the time wanted to kill us.\" Eep continued. \"Sounds like me and Misha,\" Shay said, \"I had to save her from falling off a cliff, get her out of a tar pit and give her my dinner just so she'd stop hunting me.\" \"Well, we found out he was afraid of the dark,\" Eep said, \"like all of us, and then we ran into a swarm of piranhakeets, and my family broke the shell Guy gave me to call him if I survived, but I found a horn which I used to call him, and he made a fire that scared them off, then he met my family, which was a disaster.\" \"They set an entire field on fire and got us buried in popcorn.\" Guy said frowning. \"You say that like being buried in popcorn's a bad thing.\" Shay said, \"I haven't had popcorn in I can't remember how long!\" \"Anyway, after that my dad still wanted to find a cave, but I managed to persuade him to let Guy come with us,\" Eep continued. \"Uh, I was forced to come along, he stuffed me into a log remember?\" Guy asked. \"Anyway, so eventually we ran into a bird and dad and Thunk went hunting to get its egg,\" Eep continued. \"Will you stop calling it hunting?\" Guy asked. \"It was hunting, if you'd lived where we did you'd understand that, there was next to no food, so we always had to hunt like that, it was normally everyone one of us, and we were usually competing with multiple animals just to get an egg.\" Eep said, \"So anyway, they failed and we started having Scorpion, then Gran tried to eat Thunk, and Guy started rolling away, and then he let me help him hunt by helping him set a trap, then helping him use a puppet to lure the bird into the trap, which didn't go according to plan, the acting sticks got tangled together, then the bird tossed Guy back into the log, then it chased me, then I had to stop my dad from stepping in the trap, and finally the bird stepped into it and we ate the entire thing!\" \"Which was really disturbing to watch.\" Guy said. Shay snorted. \"Well, if they only ever ate one egg and I'm assuming it was split between them, it makes sense.\" She said. \"Yeah, I told him after he explained what leftovers were.\" Eep said. \"Huh, I'm guessing that means you have food leftover,\" Shay said, \"I sorta have that, I gather more food than I can eat in a single day, but I do it so I don't have to hunt every day, I hate killing animals, Misha usually brings in meat, but I do hunt as well.\" She cut herself with the knife she'd been using to cut some fruit. \"Ow! Stupid knife…\" she muttered. \"Are you okay?\" Eep asked. \"Yeah, I just accidently cut myself,\" Shay said, \"it's no big deal, I do it a lot. Please, continue.\" \"Alright,\" Eep said slowly, \"anyway, after we ate dad told us a story about a tiger which was representing me I guess because he completely retold our day using that story and ended it by saying everyone died, like he usually did when he told a story.\" \"I still can't believe he ended every story like that.\" Guy said. \"He never had an original one, they were always passed down throughout the family,\" Eep said, \"anyway, then Guy told us a better one about a tiger who jumped on the sun and used it to fly to Tomorrow! A place with more suns in the sky than you can count, a place where everything's better.\" \"O-kay, back to how you got here please.\" Shay said. \"Oh, right! Well, The End almost caught up to us, and then me and Guy had to convince my dad to keep him outside the log.\" Eep said, \"Before you interrupt need I remind you I got him to let go of you before you got him to get rid of the log so you could actually help us?\" Guy closed his mouth and Shay snorted. \"Sorry, sorry! Continue!\" she said. \"So the rest of the way to the mountain where we were heading Guy helped us out by giving us shoes, making stilts, sleds, umbrellas, teaching us to swim, and then giving each of us our own shells so if we ran into danger we could call the others.\" Eep continued. \"Hold on, why were you splitting up to start with?\" Shay asked turning around, \"Sounds pretty dumb to me.\" \"We ran into a giant maze,\" Guy said, \"it was best to split up to try more paths at once.\" \"Oh, okay, so, if you don't mind, what'd each of you run into?\" Shay asked. \"I met Douglas!\" Thunk cried. \"Aw! That's adorable!\" Shay cried, \"Did he help you find your way out?\" \"Yep! By playing fetch!\" Thunk said. \"I'm not even going to ask.\" Shay said. She looked at Ugga. \"And you?\" \"Me, mom, and Sandy ran into giant meat eating flowers, but after seeing a frog that would hold up its tongue that looked like a flower get through without being eaten we managed to use old petal and fallen flowers to wear on our heads and as skirts so they wouldn't eat us.\" Ugga said. \"Wow, I love flowers, I used to paint and draw them all the time.\" Shay said. \"I ran into a stream that had huge red crystals behind it and flowers' falling from the top, but that was just Guy dropping flowers from on top of the crystals.\" Eep said. \"And you Grug?\" Shay asked. Grug just frowned. \"Okay! Okay! Don't feel like saying, its fine.\" Shay said putting her hands up. \"Anyway, after we all got out mom had to go back in to find dad, and then Guy took us to this awesome tree that was actually similar to this place, only, not actually a tree house. Anyway, after mom got back we heard The End getting closer, so Guy took us to the top and showed us Tomorrow! That's where he was going after we found our cave, but we all decided to go with him instead.\" Eep said. \"Wait, wait, wait!\" Shay said, \"He showed you what the night sky looks like and you all thought it was somewhere you could go to? Look, I've tried, believe me, it's impossible, so is jumping on the sun, it moves to fast, and makes sure it looks like it's right in front of you, but it never is!\" she sighed, \"I-I'm sorry, please, continue.\" \"That explains a lot…\" Guy muttered. Shay rolled her eyes. \"So the next day we couldn't find dad, but when we did he had all of these ridiculous ideas, the only good one being snapshots, and rides after we started using animals instead of rocks.\" Eep said, \"Anyway, when we got to the mountain, dad found a cave, but we never told him about us deciding to go with Guy, and when we did he tried to kill him.\" \"I'm sorry what!?\" Shay cried whirling around. \"Relax, whatever happened while they'd run off, er, while dad was chasing Guy made dad actually stop seeing Guy as someone he didn't like… what did happen anyway?\" Eep asked. \"We got stuck in a tar pit and tricked Chunky into pulling us out.\" Guy said, \"And I explained to him what happened to my parents and how they told me to stop hiding and to always follow the sun.\" \"Well, after that we made it to the top of the mountain, and The End was catching up, so we tried to jump on the sun, but…\" Eep said. \"But you couldn't and didn't understand how because it had looked like it was right in front of you where it was really playing a trick that made it look that way.\" Shay said, \"Nice ending.\" \"That's actually not the ending,\" Eep said, \"Dad actually threw us all to safety, but he couldn't make it himself, I kept blowing my shell, hoping that he'd come and he did! He! ... How did you get over there?\" \"I took the ribcage of a landwhale, covered it with tar, then tricked piranhakeets into landing on it and used a fire to steer them in the direction I wanted, Chunky helped, and then I saved the pets along the way, and eventually made it over to you guys.\" Grug said proudly. \"We'd all been blowing our shells at that point,\" Eep said, \"and I was so relieved when he finally made it, and accepted Guy as family, though we were all scared of Chunky at first, then dad told us he was a cat person and that Chunky was his pet. We've been following the sun ever since.\" Shay just smiled and shook her head. \"Wow, just wow.\" She said. Then she frowned and started counting heads. \"Wait, where's Misha?\" Moments late Misha came back in with a deer in her mouth. \"Oh, you went hunting I see.\" Shay said smiling. She peeked around Misha and looked at Guy and the Croods. \"Are you alright with waiting for me to fix this deer up for dinner?\" \"Why don't we help you?\" Eep asked in a tone similar to when she'd been trying to convince her dad to bring Guy with them to find a cave. \"Uhm, o-okay?\" Shay said. Everyone helped prepare the deer and other food, Guy and Belt being the biggest help. \"I'm sorry about you losing your family,\" Ugga said. \"Like I said, it's no big deal, I mean, sure it's lonely, but hey, I'm doing pretty good on my own with only Misha by my side.\" Shay said. \"It shouldn't be that way though.\" Grug said, \"You can't be much older, or younger than Eep and Guy, it's not right for you to be on your own.\" Shay shot him a glare that made him gulp. \"Well unless you have some sort of miraculous solution it's the ways things are.\" Shay said harshly, \"Besides, I don't want to leave my life, I don't want to live anywhere but here, it's the only place I can see…\" \"See what?\" Eep asked. Shay frowned. \"Look, you can tell us, we won't laugh, or anything, I promise!\" Eep said. Shay was quiet for a moment, but nodded. \"Follow me.\" She said, \"Hopefully tonight they'll show.\" \"What will show exactly?\" Thunk asked. Shay only replied by climbing to the top of the tree, on the roof of the room in her tree house, which was multiple small buildings scattered throughout the tree with vines, branches, or bridges used to get to each one. Once everyone had reached the top they all gasped in delight as they saw brightly colored lights across the sky. \"The Aurora Borealis, the northern lights.\" Shay said, \"My parents used to say every person who dies becomes a part of the lights, watching and protecting everyone still alive, everyone under them. They don't show up every night, but when they do, I feel like my parents are trying to visit me, but they can't, they can only look down at me from the lights.\" \"Do you think my parents are up there?\" Guy asked. \"I know they are,\" Shay said, \"but this is why I don't want to leave, you need to be up really high to see them, and they don't show up every night so I don't want to miss when they do.\" She noticed the Croods and Guy all sharing looks. \"What? Why are you looking at each other like that? What's going on in your heads?\" She asked concerned. \"You don't like living on your own, do you?\" Ugga asked. \"I'm not leaving.\" Shay said stubbornly. \"We're not asking, or telling you to.\" Ugga said. \"If we were to stay here, would you consider being a part of our family?\" Eep asked. Shay dropped her arms to her sides. \"I-I…\" she started. \"Maybe if we were to find another places with the lights while exploring, we could go there and keep following them, so you wouldn't have to miss seeing them,\" Eep added. \"We just don't want you to continue being alone.\" Ugga said. \"I-I,\" Shay continued. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. \"What have I got to lose?\" She asked smiling. When everyone frowned trying to think of an answer she face palmed. \"That was a yes.\" She groaned. \"Oh.\" Everyone said looking slightly embarrassed. Shay just laughed and hugged her new family. \"So,\" she said pulling away, \"anyone still hungry? Hopefully Misha and the others didn't eat the deer by now.\" That was when everyone realized they'd left the deer unattended and rushed back down. \"Nice to know you're still looking out for me.\" Guy whispered looking back at the lights. To everyone's relief everything was how they'd left it. \"Alright, back to cooking!\" Shay said. About two hours later everything was cooked and everyone was eating. \"Mhm! How'd you learn to cook like this?\" Eep asked while still chewing so it sounded more like \"Mow dah ew urn shoe look bike wish.\" \"Huh?\" Shay asked, \"Could you repeat that without food in your mouth so I know what you're saying.\" \"Sorry,\" Eep said wiping her mouth after she swallowed, \"I asked where you learned to cook like that? It was so good! It had way more flavor than what we normally eat!\" \"Seriously? Did you really just ask that?\" Shay asked, \"After I told you how my parents died when I was little and I've been on my own since?\" \"Oh, right, sorry.\" Eep said looking down, \"I think my stomach was saying one thing while my brain was trying to remind me what you've gone through.\" Shay laughed. \"It's fine, I'm sure things like that happen to everyone.\" She said. \"So,\" Eep said slowly, \"do you remember anything about your parents?\" \"Not much,\" Shay said, \"mostly small blurry things, or the smell of a flower, or feelings I had, I remember my dad's hands sometimes felt like sandstone, it's a kind of rock, I have some here so I can show you, but, I also remember that his hands always had a gentle touch. My mom always had a flower in her hair, and would run her hand through her hair if she was embarrassed; she also always got mad at my dad because he would try to show me how to use his katana. I remember mom would sing to me at night, but the words are always blurred it's hard for me to remember them. I remember dad always smelling like smoke because he tended to screw up the fire, while mom always spelt of flowers, or fruits. I remember always being happy and how safe I felt, but, that's all; everything else is just one huge blur.\" \"How'd he screw up the fires?\" Eep asked. \"I don't really remember, aside from this one time when he put too much wood on and caught a couple trees on fire as well as himself.\" Shay said. She gave a small giggle. \"I was too little to understand the danger so I'd been laughing. He and mom just barely managed to put it out. If I remember correctly mom smacked him and yelled at him for putting us in danger.\" \"Wow, that's kinda ironic.\" Guy said giving a small laugh. \"I guess.\" Shay said giving a half shrug. She yawned. \"Well, I'm gonna head up to my room, don't touch anything, please, I don't want you to get hurt.\" She then stood up and climbed to her room, but instead of going in she climbed onto the roof and looked up at the lights. \"Nice to see you again,\" she said giving a small smile, \"I wish you were here with me, that I could have had made so many memories with you, I mean, I'm seventeen now!\" she sighed. \"That's a long time for a little girl to live on her own… sure, the families I had, however short lived were nice, but it's not the same. Oh! I'm improving with my katana! Well, your katana dad. The Croods and Guy seem nice, plus Guy has a sloth named Belt! I guess it's because he hangs around his waist like one.\" She gave a small laugh. \"In case you didn't know, they're the people who were up here earlier. They're… also, my new… family… they can't replace you of course! Oh! I came up with a new trick to do at the falls! I finally mastered it this morning! So, I climb up in this tree not too far away, then I swing down and into the water, or across the pond, or even un to the actual falls on a vine! I dive off the falls if I land up there, it takes a good bit of effort to steer, but that's only if I'm in the wrong spot to reach where I want to land. Misha wasn't very happy when I accidently knocked her into the pond trying to swing over her to the others side, I jumped both too soon and on a branch that was too low.\" She gave a nervous giggle. \"That aside, things have been pretty good.\" She sighed. She was talking to the Northern Lights, to parents she never had, all a big lie in case someone was listening. 'They shouldn't even be here !' she thought lying down on the roof, 'I altered it so I could see them! And then I told Guy that his parents were up there! I'll need to fix that, but I'll have to make sure that none of them, not even Misha are around.' She watched as the lights flickered and danced. It was always soothing for her, something that was so beautiful, so perfect, something that would be near impossible to ruin! Something that made her feel happy and safe. She yawned and closed her eyes after she wasn't sure how long. She instantly regretted it. Once they were closed, blurry false memories filled her head, feelings she made up hit her heart, smells that had never been real filled her nose. She bolted up and choked back tears. \"Why!?\" she yelled, not bothering to lower her voice, or even care enough to do so. \"Why'd you have to leave!? It's not fair! I'm seventeen! Why couldn't I have memories, real memories of you!? Happy ones, sad one, angry ones! Any kind just so you were there while I grew up! Why couldn't I have a normal childhood instead of fending for myself since as long as I can remember!? Why couldn't I have gotten to know you!?\" Tears were now pouring down her face and she felt like she couldn't breathe. \"Why couldn't you of been there?\" she whispered. \"I thought you were going to go to sleep earlier.\" Guy's voice said. Shay turned around wiping tears from her face. \"I said I was going to my room, I never said I was going to sleep.\" She said. She looked back up at the sky. \"Besides, I always talk to my parents when the Lights show up.\" \"Well, that makes me feel a bit better,\" Guy said. He looked at her, \"mind if I sit by you?\" Shay shook her head. \"No, please, I'd like the company.\" She said. Guy nodded and sat down. \"I kinda wish I'd know about the Lights sooner,\" he said, \"before I headed back down, I, well, I said it was nice to know that my parents were still watching out for me, I'm pretty sure no one heard though.\" Shay smiled. \"I didn't,\" she said, \"but I was pretty hungry, so I probably wasn't paying attention.\" \"So, you've been on your own your whole life?\" Guy asked, \"With no one until you met Misha?\" \"Not, exactly,\" Shay admitted, \"I did have an older brother at one point, well, I saw him as my brother, his name was Alix, he'd lost his parents too, we ran into each other one day, then stuck together after that. We ran into other people, an entire village, they literally lived on a beach, but, one day when I was eight, a storm struck, followed by a tsunami. None of us had ever experienced one. I'd chased a lizard up a tree not long before it all started, I remember all the water drew back so quick it was as if it was trying to run away from us, not long after, I noticed birds were flying away in a panicked matter, and animals were trying to find shelter, then the first wave hit, I was in a tree, it held against then first wave, and the second, but it nearly fell over when the third hit. I didn't go down until I woke up the next day. I raced down to where the village had been, but, I found no survivors, not everyone was there, but, there was no way anyone could of survived, I only did because when the waves hit, the tree had held firm and kept me out of the water. I figured, either the people who were missing got eaten over night, or their bodies had been swept out to sea. I've been completely alone for the past nine years, well, until I met Misha, and then you, Belt, and the Croods, oh! And their pets.\" \"Wow,\" Guy said looking out towards the beach,\" I'm sorry you had to go through that.\" \"That's… the real reason I wanted to be alone, well, why I said it was best.\" Shay said, \"If I'm alone, I can't lose anyone I care about. I'm actually terrified of being alone, but, I'm also afraid of losing the people I care about.\" She looked up at the Lights. \"It's why I love the Lights so much, and why I talk to them, it makes me feel like everyone is still here with me.\" \"You wouldn't make fun of me, or tell everyone if I talked to me as well, right?\" Guy asked. Shay snorted. \"I wouldn't of even told you if you hadn't caught me yelling at them!\" she said lightly hitting his shoulder, \"Trust me, the last thing I would do is tell, or make fun of you.\" Guy gave a lopsided grin and rubbed his shoulder. \"Thanks,\" he said. He looked up at the lights, Shay doing so as well. \"Would you feel better if I left?\" Shay asked, \"You seem a bit, I dunno, embarrassed?\" \"Huh?\" Guy asked, \"Oh! No! You're fine, it's just, well…\" he sighed. \"It's been so long, I'm not even sure what to say…\" Shay smiled. \"Well,\" she said lying back, \"I always tell them how I've been, what I've learned, I just talk, and after I start, well, the rest comes easily.\" Guy looked at her as she smiled and closed her eyes. \"You should try it.\" She said opening one and looking at him before closing it. Guy looked back at the lights and took a deep breath. \"H-hi mom, h-hi dad,\" he said stuttering slightly, \"it, it's been a really long time, hasn't it? Uhm, I-I I've been following the sun, like you said, and I've come up with some pretty cool stuff too! Belt's doing good as well, in case you were wondering.\" He gave a nervous laugh. Shay frowned and opened her eyes. 'Guy,' she thought, 'they're not really there, not tonight, but, they will be, tomorrow, and they'll have heard everything, I promise.' \"I-I hope it doesn't bother you, o-or make up upset, but I-I'm going to stop f-following the sun, but not to hide I promise!\" Guy said,\" It's just,\". He looked over at Shay. \"Shay just really needs someone to be there for her, so, me, Belt, and the Croods decided, we'll be her family.\" He said smiling. Shay gave a small laugh and smiled back. \"Oh! The Croods are my new family as well! They haven't replaced you, I promise!\" Guy said, \"They're… they just, took me and Belt in, but, they haven't become new parents and siblings, or in Gran's case my grandmother, they're kinda like… uhm…\" \"A foster family?\" Shay suggested, \"It's basically people taking you in and letting you be their family without you having to see them as actual relatives, at least, that's how I see it. My entire village was my foster family before everyone died, never once did anyone say I had to call them my mom, dad, aunt, uncle, brother, sister, grandmother, grandfather, or cousin, they just saw me and Alix as family.\" \"Yeah, that!\" Guy said. He looked at her. \"Thanks Shay.\" He said. Shay smiled and shook her head. \"Anyway,\" Guy said slowly, \"I hope you're okay with that…\" Shay quickly stood up and started climbing down, feeling very awkward and out of place suddenly. \"Shay, you alright?\" Guy asked noticing. \"I'm hungry.\" Shay lied before continuing down. Once her feet touched the branch that her hut rested on she sighed and went down to the kitchen before grabbing a mango. 'I couldn't just stay up there,' she thought, 'I should have, so I could have the full dialog, but…' she sighed again and took a bite out of the sloppy, juicy fruit. 'Why couldn't I just stay up there?' she thought, 'Why did I suddenly feel out of place?' she sighed again. 'Oh, who am I kidding? He started talking about me, and why he was sacrificing what he'd chosen to do for his parents so I could finally have a family again, and I get easily embarrassed when people talk about me in anyway, except badly, then I just get mad.' She wiped the juice from her mouth and climbed back up to her hut. \"Hey,\" she said climbing onto the roof, \"I'm gonna try and get some sleep, so, please try to your voice down.\" \"Actually, I was about to go get some sleep myself.\" Guy said standing up. \"Well, good night then.\" Shay said. \"You too.\" Guy said before climbing down to a lower hut. Shay yawned as she lied down on her bed. 'I need to be up extra early so I can fix the lights, or find a way to ditch them, maybe I can get Misha to give me a lift to the mountain, or put some valerian root in their food, Misha and the pets too.' She thought, 'Either way, at least I finally have a family again.' A smile stretched across her face as she finally drifted off to sleep. SPH: Whew! Done! Okay, so the valerian root may seem a little mean, but Shay is trying to be secretive. Also the scene when Shay's entire appearance changes was inspired by a scene in the music video for So Alone by Anna Blue. Anyway, what all is in store for Shay and her new family, what all will happen the next day? How will they all get along? How will Shay fix the lights? What all does she have in her many huts? Will anyone actually get hurt, or get in trouble by messing with Shay's stuff? Well this is Samantha Peace HeartStar signing off for now! Peace out and keep spreading the KH, HTTYD, RWBY, and The Croods love![Chapter 2] Shay: The Croods Summary: Shay is a 17 year old girl who can live any and everywhere, even in the past, or things like movies and books, so what happens when she accidently enters The Croods world? Story 1 in the Shay series. SPH: Hey-o! So, here's chapter 2 of Shay: The Croods. I don't really have much to say on this, but we do get to see a bit more of Shay's past, and some pretty comical stuff. Anyway, I do not own The Croods, or any of its characters, I only own Shay, Misha, the story, and the plot. On with the story! Shay smiled in her sleep, having a good dream, but was rudely awoken by a loud horn call from a lower hut. She bolted up, her hair wildly sticking out from around her head and under her headband. Instinctively she rushed out of the hut to see what danger her new family was in, but slipped and fell down the tree hitting multiple branches and getting tangled in vines. Growling she used her katana to cut them away and landed on her face before bolting up and rushing to her storage hut where she found Eep, Ugga, Grug, Thunk, Sandy, and Gran. \"What's going on!? Is anyone hurt!?\" she cried holding her katana in a defensive position. \"Oh, nothing! I just found this cool horn!\" Thunk cried. \"Really!?\" Shay asked furious. \"Yea real…Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!\" Thunk cried turning around to face her. Everyone else turned to face her and gave a startled yelp. Shay groaned and smoothed out her hair. \"What are you doing in here?\" shay asked snatching back the horn that had the Berk Seal on it from her time as a Dragon Rider. \"Well, you know, we noticed there was tons of stuff in here and…\" Thunk said picking up two small white balls. \"I said not to touch my stuff.\" Shay said walking back to the doorway. Thunk closed his hands around the balls accidently crushing them into powder. He sneezed and the powder got in his eyes making him blind. \"Help! I can't see!\" Thunk cried accidently crushing more powder and sending it towards Shay and the others. Shay gasped and spun around before beating the powder back to Thunk using a silk fan with cherry blossoms embroidered on it. Coincidently Guy and Belt managed to fall on their faces outside the hut at that same moment. \"Thunk! That was blinding powder! It makes you go blind for three hours!\" Shay cried. She stormed over and grabbed Thunk's arm. \"This is exactly why I said not to touch anything!\" \"Why exactly would you have blinding powder in the first place?\" Guy asked. \"Uhh…\" shay muttered. Flashback… \" Catch the Thief!\" A PSICOM Soldier yelled as Shay, dressed in white bikini top, army green short shorts, black boots, and orange infinity scarf, and a purple headband with a think braid holding back her hair and a mini braid on either side of her face scurried up a wall holding stolen food, alchemy products, and armed goods. Shay quickly grabbed five small white balls and crushed them into dust. \" Eat blinding powder ya over armed whimps!\" she yelled blowing it in the Soldier and his back up's faces. \" Where'd she go!?\" they called out as they were blinded and tried to find her. Shay laughed and jumped the wall. End Flashback… \"It's really good for hunting!\" Shay cried coming up with the quickest lie she could, \"It blinds whatever you're hunting and makes it easier to hunt, if you have experience that is. It can get pretty tricky, and if it's windy out, regardless of if it's blowing in your direction or not, it always gets in your eyes!\" Guy raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything. \"So,\" Shay said slowly, \"who wants what for breakfast?\" \"So, what are these called again?\" Guy asked looking at the odd flat food Shay'd made. \"Pancakes!\" Shay called quickly hiding her valerian root powder, \"Though, since I put in mangos, they're technically mango pancakes.\" 'With enough valerian root to knock out a mammoth.' She thought. She glanced at Misha and the other pets who were eating their food, making slightly odd faces as they did so. She'd seasoned their food with valerian root so she couldn't blame them. \"Well, go on! Try one!\" Shay said turning and leaning against the counter. \"Alright, alright!\" Guy said a bit defensively. Shay childishly stuck her tongue out when he and the Croods weren't paying attention. She smiled as everyone started giving her complements about her cooking. Not long after they all fell asleep one by one and her grin grew. \"Perfect!\" she cried once the other pets, including Misha fell asleep as well. She grabbed her katana and started racing for the door, only to be stopped by Belt who was holding a knife. She blinked and realized Belt, unlike Guy who'd been skeptical as well hadn't tried her food. \"Relax,\" Shay said looking back, \"they're fine! I just put valerian root in the food, they're just asleep.\" She tried to sidestep the sloth, but Belt made sure to stay in her way. \"Alright, look,\" Shay said squatting down, \"I didn't want to show them the Lights, they're very special to me, but there's something even more special that even Misha doesn't know about.\" She sighed. \"You see, a while back, I went up to the mountain and I found out I'd ended up at the last place I'd lived with my parents. I go and visit it every so often, normally when Misha's asleep, or hunting.\" Belt's expression changed from hostile, to sympathetic. \"I don't want them to know about it, or follow me, so I put valerian root in their food, actually, I put in enough to knock a mammoth out.\" Shay said giving a nervous grin. \"Look, they should be out for a few hours and I should be back by then, but if they wake up early I need you to distract them, okay?\" Belt had an uncertain look. Shay sighed. \"Look, I'll bring back a bird or something and say I went hunting when they fell asleep and I'll come up with something to say about their \"nap\" when I get back, alright?\" Shay asked, \"Please, this is very special to me, and I don't want them following or going looking for me.\" Belt lowered the knife and nodded. \"Thank you!\" Shay said holding back from hugging Belt since he was still holding the knife. 'I can't believe I'm lying to a sloth. My favorite animal in all existence!' Shay thought. She quickly stood up and raced to the mountain, using the trees and their vines rather than running to get there faster. Once she reached the last three she jumped and front flipped onto the ground before running to the mountain. Once at the top she closed her eyes and floated. When she opened them the Northern Lights flashed for a moment as she replayed everything she'd heard Guy say and change it so the Lights really did contain the spirits of those who passed even Guy's parents. She fell hard on the ground once they'd disappeared and groaned. \"Okay, ow, ow, and ow!\" she groaned. She pushed herself up and raced back to the tree house, once again going through the trees. As luck would have it she accidently shish-kebabbed a bird with her katana on the way. She managed to reach the tree house a few minutes before the others woke up and started on the bid, but not before getting rid of the pancakes and pets food. \"Geez, you guys have a rough night's sleep?\" Shay asked casually, \"We barely finished eating and you all fell asleep.\" \"Ugh,\" Eep groaned before yawning, \"I thought I slept well, but I guess not.\" Aside from Guy everyone else agreed. \"Did you put something in the food?\" Guy asked suspiciously. Shay managed to look heartbroken by his comment. \"Why would I do that?\" she asked tearing up, grateful for the acting classes she'd taken a couple years ago, \"I-I thought we were family now?\" Guy instantly regretted what he said. \"Sorry,\" he said, \"it's just when you said we'd barely finished eating, I… I guess I just jumped to a conclusion.\" Shay wiped away the tears. \"It's fine,\" she said with a sad smile, \"I guess it was natural since you'd never had pancakes either.\" Guy gave a small smile and nodded. Shay smiled and pulled herself up on the counter to sit, accidently knocking over, and breaking her pitcher of water. \"Oh no!\" she cried, \"Oh! That was my only water!\" She sighed. \"Well, at least I've got another pitcher.\" She looked up at her new family. \"So, who wants to go to the waterfall?\" she asked. \"Oh no!\" Guy cried, \"No, no, and no! Waterfalls are big trouble! We're not going somewhere that dangerous!\" \"If you'd just come with me you'd see…\" Shay started. \"If it's dangerous, we aren't going.\" Grug agreed. \"Well unless you want to wait for it to rain it's the only way to get more water!\" Shay argued, \"And it's not dangerous! Me and Misha go there all the time!\" \"Well that's changing now.\" Grug said. Shay growled and stormed off to her storage hut. \"I really don't want to do this.\" She said sighing as she picked up a few powdered balls of a sleeping dust. \"But I have too!\" She quickly picked up her extra pitcher and grabbed a rope which she slung over her shoulder. She quickly made her way to the kitchen before crushing her balls and blowing the powder into the faces of Guy and the Croods. They all fell asleep instantly. Shay quickly grabbed the rope and went to tie it, only to have Belt hold out a knife again. Shay sighed. \"Belt,\" she said, \"I know what this looks like and it's not what it looks like, but I need you to trust me, okay?\" Belt's face showed intense inner struggles as he slowly lowered the knife and allowed Shay to tie everyone up. Guy blinked as he slowly woke up. The first thing he noticed was the steady gate of a large animal beneath him, and that he and the Croods were tied up. \"What the!?\" he cried. Everyone snapped their eyes open at the sound of his voice and started struggling against the ropes. Guy managed to crank his neck around far enough to see Shay in front of them. \"Shay! What are you doing!? Are you crazy!?\" he yelled. \"I'm taking you to the waterfall you dummy!\" Shay said, \"You wouldn't let me explain, so I need to show you it's not dangerous.\" \"What'd you do to Belt!?\" Guy asked, \"He'd never let this happen!\" Belt timidly poked his head above Shay's shoulder and shrugged. \"Relax, he's fine, and so are you.\" Shay said. Suddenly they stopped and the sound of running water was heard. \"And we're here!\" Shay cried proudly. Belt quickly cut the rope, which caused everyone aside from Shay to fall off of Misha. Shay dismounted herself and started walking away. Guy glared at Belt and was about to yell at him for betraying them, but stopped when he looked up and saw that they were at the bottom of a waterfall, not at the top and by a river. \"Believe me now?\" Shay asked as everyone, including Belt gawked at the sight in front of them. \"Did you know about this?\" Guy asked looking at Belt who shook his head. Shay quickly walked around the pool and filled the pitcher. She set it down and dove into the pool. She laughed as she surfaced and started swimming, motioning for the others to join her. \"Come on! It's perfectly safe!\" she cried, \"I come here almost every day!\" One by one everyone joined in. \"Oh! Hey, clear out some, there's something I want to show you!\" Shay cried hurrying to a tree. She climbed up making Misha run out of her way before grabbing a vine and swinging onto the water and letting go. Everyone applauded and she raced back, this time landing at the top of the falls before diving down into the pool and splashing everyone. She laughed as she surfaced. Everyone soon joined in. They must have spent hours at the falls before deciding to head back. \"Okay, that was pretty fun.\" Guy said, \"Just, next time, please don't knock us out and tie us up again.\" Shay laughed. \"No promises.\" She said. She and everyone shared a laugh before arriving at the tree house. \"Hey,\" Shay said to Guy as she climbed down from her hut, \"the Lights showed up again tonight!\" Guy smiled and looked like he could burst with joy. \"Well, come on!\" Shay said climbing back up. Guy laughed and followed her up. \"Aren't they amazing?\" Shay asked leaning back. \"Yeah…\" Guy said. \"You can go ahead and talk,\" Shay said, \"I prefer to talk when I'm alone with them. Guy nodded before explaining his day and Shay smiled and closed her eyes, happy she'd made it possible for him to see his parents and talk to them again. SPH: Whew! Well, this took much longer than I planned, but my life's been super cray-cray, so I guess it's only natural that these stories are taking longer than I planned. Alright, now Shay's actions towards taking them to the falls was pretty unnecessary, but I felt it would be funny, and I know it's unlikely for Belt to trust Shay that quickly, but I needed that to happen for this chapter to work! Regarding Shay needing to avoid PSICOM Soldiers, she once lived in Final Fantasy 13, and ten in case you couldn't tell by her outfit and being called a Thief, even if she was technically stealing. Also, her hair being a mess was inspired by both Astrid's hair in Dragons: Race to the Edge Gruffnut episode, and the fact my hair looks exactly like Astrid's in the morning and that my reaction to my reflection after I wake up is exactly like Heather's and the Croods reactions to Astrid and Shay's hair. Alright, so, what'll happen next for Shay and her family? What all does she have in her storage hut? Why does she have so much stuff? Why did she leave the HTTYD world and stop being a Dragon Rider? What dragon did she have? Will she ever reveal to them the truth? Some of these will be answered in chapter three! Also, I would love it if you guys would check out my storied The Girl and the Trolls and HTTYD:Protectors of Dragons Edge, as well as all my other ones! So, please leave your thoughts about this in the comments! I love hearing from you guys and it means a lot to me when I get a review! Well, this is Samantha Peace HeartStar signing off for now! Peace out and keep spreading the HTTYD, RWBY, Trolls, KH, and Trolls love! See ya! ","Summary":" Shay: The Croods Summary: Shay is a 17 year old girl who can live any and everywhere, even in the p"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Croods: Dawn of the Tenties","Author":"OmniverseGazer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12631435","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Have you ever had a day in your life where everything changed forever? I have. Hi my name is Eep Crood. I'm going to tell you the story about my home, AAAH valley. I know it's a weird name but it's not like I picked it. It was named after the last words of its founder, who forgot to check if anyone was already living here. Life here in the valley can be… hard, but what matters most is having people to watch your back.) A rock moved away from a large pile of stones and made way to a sight of a group of lyoties chewing on bones. They looked at the large hole before a large man came out whooping hollering while flailing his arms to scare them off and sent the lyoties running. \"Ah, today looks like another good day.\" the large man said stretching his arms. \"Grug look out!\" called a female voice before something small and fast came barreling out of the cave towards him. He turned before it knocked him over on his back while feeling it start biting at his head. \"Sandy.\" he said before pulling a baby girl off his head and held her by the scruff. \"We talked about this, daddy's head is not prey.\" She let out a growl while reaching for him as he stood back up and held her out before a woman walked out. \"Oh how cute, she's trying to assert her dominance.\" the woman said before taking the from her husband. \"That's my girl.\" \"She's an early bloomer Ugga.\" The large man said. \"Not really sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.\" He muttered quietly. \"Don't worry Sandy, someday you'll be ready to hunt prey all you want.\" smiled Ugga tickling her daughter's belly. The baby giggled and squirmed in her mothers arm. \"Oh and Grug you forgot your power carcass.\" Ugga said to him holding out a dead, and flattened beaver. \"Right!\" he said before taking it and stuffed it in his pelt by the tail. \"Thanks, that would have been embarrassing. How do I look?\" \"Like a real hunter. Fierce and intimidating.\" \"Thanks, maybe this'll make the prey run off scared, making it way easier.\" he said before kissing his wife. \"Uh mom, Gran's sleep hunting again.\" Said a rotund boy walking out dragging a sleeping old woman who was gnawing at his backside. \"Try to play dead and then she'll think she's won.\" the woman said. \"Okay.\" he said before dropping face first into the dirt and went totally limp. The old woman slowly stopped biting and smiled before letting go and rolled off him. \"Hehehe, I win.\" The woman spoke in her sleep. \"Eep! Come on honey you'll be late for school.\" Grug called towards the cave. \"Be out in a sec! I'm just trying on my new tiger pelt!\" called a girl's voice before footsteps came out with another girl. \"Ready!\" \"Oooh Eep you look good in Tiger, very fierce.\" Ugga said looking over her eldest daughter. \"Thanks mom, I wanted to try something new out for once.\" she said looking down at the pelt. \"Just as long as it doesn't attracted the one thing I hate the most.\" Grug stated. \"Bear owls?\" Eep asked. \"No, boys.\" he said with a deep tone and narrowed eyes. \"Dad.\" she groaned with an eye roll. \"Ugh are you still doing that eye roll thing pat made?\" \"There aren't even any boys I like, anymore.\" she stated to her father. \"I just don't want you on go through that whole 'crush' thing again.\" Grug said as he moved beside her. \"Dad! Can we please not bring that up?\" Eep shrunk not wanting to relieve the embarrassing time she tried crushing people with a rock. \"Grug shouldn't you get going to the meeting rock?\" Ugga questioned. \"Right, the Valley Leaders work is never done.\" he said puffing out his chest, \"well except for night when the moon comes out, I really hate that guy.\" he said and looked up at the moon giving him the stink eye. \"Bye guys.\" waved Eep running out. \"Come on Thunk, if we're late Teacher Squawk will put us in Deep Trouble.\" \"Coming!\" he called running after her just as Gran began to wake up. \"Huh,\" she blinked and looked around. \"How'd I get outside?\" \"You were sleep hunting mom, again.\" Ugga said to her mother. \"I need to head out to gather, you look after Sandy.\" \"Oh alright, but if she tries to bury my cane again we're gonna have a problem.\" the woman said using her cane to pick up the wild child by the pelt. Eep and Thunk hurried off to school when Eep was pounced on by a girl with long dark hair, in a purple pelt and buck teeth. \"Hi Eep!\" \"Hey Lerk.\" Eep greeted one of her closest friends while on her back and blew a little hair from her face \"Are you ready for today's lesson?\" Lerk asked jumping off Eep and let her stand up. \"It all depends on the lesson.\" Eep replied and dusted herself off. \"Did you get a new pelt?\" Lerk asked moving around Eep and rubbing the fur. \"It's nice.\" \"Yup, and it's totally me.\" she said with a smile while posing. \"I hope it lasts me for a while.\" \"Uh guys, class?\" Thunk reminded pointing off in the distance. \"Oh, right! Let's go.\" Eep dashed off with the others behind her. Meanwhile over at the meeting rock Grug was speaking with most prominent inhabitants of the valley \"Okay everyone settle down, settle. First order of business, yesterday we only lost two people on the hunt, an all time best if I do say so myself.\" he smiled at them. \"However, that means we're gonna need to really pick up the slack until we can get more people, but that does mean extra food for everyone. We're gonna have to take a few cuts from the bait's share.\" That got him a few groans. \"I know, but with super Predator season around the corner we can't afford to be reckless. Unless you want to be a Teranacondas lunch. Trust me it's worse than you might think.\" That got them grumbling, but complying from the group who did admit it made sense. \"Alright then, now would anyone else like to say something?\" he asked befor a hairy arm came up. \"Ho boy. Yes, Old man Root.\" \"I sensed a change in the wind,\" the hairy said man looking left and right. \"somethin's comin' towards the Valley. Somethin' none of us has ever seen before.\" \"You said that last week and all we got was a slight cool breeze.\" Grug replied. \"This time is different.\" he said with a hardened look. \"I seen black clouds floatin' up to the sky every morning for the past few days now and they were closer each time.\" \"Uh huh, well right now we worry about hunting, then worry about dark little clouds.\" he said before looking to a rather slender caveman fussing with his hair. \"Snoot how good is Bulk at hunting?\" \"He's somewhat below average,\" Snoot replied with a dull tone. \"not like Sulk with all his powerful muscles.\" \"Wait, isn't Bulk the big one?\" Grug questioned raising his eyebrow. \"No he's the smaller moodier one,\" snoot corrected. \"with the skunk pelt and the bones stuck through his ears.\" \"Then why name him Bulk?\" Grug asked and scratched his head. \"We had high expectations since he was born first, okay.\" Snoot said crossing his arms in irritation. \"Let's just agree the names stuck and get on with this thing.\" \"Okay, Snoot I want your sons on the hunting field tomorrow, the bigger one will be a hunter and smaller one will be bait.\" \"But they have school tomorrow.\" Snoot countered. \"Not anymore.\" he remarked. \"Hunting for food is more important than school, unless you'd rather be bait and get a smaller portion than average.\" \"They'll be on the field first thing in the morning.\" Snoot said quickly with a nervous smile on his face. \"Good, and Amber I want you to teach Snoot's bigger son how to bonk.\" Grug said pointing to a blonde woman with a rock in one of her eyes. \"Amber can do that no problem. Have Pat join in to so she take over family job one day.\" the woman replied. \"Maybe you have Eep join hunt too.\" \"Nononono no.\" Grug said shaking his head. \"Uh uh, not gonna happen.\" \"Oh really?\" frowned Snoot. \"Why can't your daughter join if our kids are going to participate?\" \"Well Eep is...well Eep.\" he replied. \"She's not hunter material. We all now how she can be, she's a delicate thing.\" At school Eep yelled out as she was flailing about while trying to hold on to a Ramu as it ran around. \"Calm down!\" \"Well done Eep, don't let go!\" called a man with purple hair sitting on a rock with a stick in its hand. \"If you lose my lunch you fail the test and be sent to Deep Trouble like all the rest.\" he said pointing his stick at a hole in the ground with a pair of jaws at the edges. \"Go Eep!\" Thunk called. \"You can do it!\" added Lerk. \"No talking in deep trouble.\" the teacher frowned before snapping his fingers which was followed by his pet lizvult dumping spiderants into the hole. \"AHH!\" they cried out as the creatures crawled over them and the sadistic teacher laughed at their misery. \"I got it Teacher Squawk!\" Eep called out while trying to keep her grip. \"Ramu are fast, but the more they run the faster they tire out, it also helps tenderize them too.\" smiled the man licking his lips as the animal ran around in circles, zigzags, and even serpentined. Yet Eep would not let go. \"Try harder!\" \"Come on...just slow down already!\" \"Ooh I can tell this one's going to be particularly tasty.\" The man smiled before the ramu charge at him. He let out a girlish scream and ducked behind the rock as the horned bird ran off. \"Eep, come back!\" he cried out \"I want to eat that Ramu!\" \"I can't!\" she yelled as they got further away. \"Oh boy,\" Squawk said growing nervous. \"okay, no big deal Squawk. You only lost the Valley leaders daugher, you've covered up worse, right?\" he asked before looking over to Deep Trouble. \"Then again, maybe hiding down there for a few week or two might not be a bad idea. Just in case...oh students.\" he said in the hole. \"I have an assignment for….extra credit, alright? You have to pretend Eep was absent today, in return no deep trouble for anyone, for a few days.\" \"Ok!\" The students said in unison. Meanwhile Eep was still clinging to the Ramu as it ran up stream and out of the valley. \"Come on! Why won't you just stop already?\" she questioned as it thrashed and bucked violently. \"I'm not letting go! Ngh! So you might as well give up! It'll take a lot more to shake me off! It snarled and kept going while trying to bash her against some of the rocks yet she hissed yet still held on despite the nicks and scratches. The ramu reached the limits of its patient and flipped on it's back and tried to flatten her. She lost her grip and it rolled off her. \"Gah, ow. Okay that was a good move.\" she winced and rolled on to her stomach, before looking at the enraged creature as it hissed at her. \"Uh, you're not gonna take that all personally, right?\" It scratched at the ground and charged as it screeched. Eep curled up into a ball waiting for the attack when suddenly the creature was snagged by vines and seemingly jumped out and wrapped around it. \"Huh?\" Eep looked up in confusion as it was pulled back and out of the trees came a group of animals. But unlike the animals she usually saw these animals stood on two legs and were talking. \"Hold it down!\" a wolf called out to wildcat. \"Don't let it get away!\" \"I'm on it.\" spoke the wildcat holding the animal down with it's body. \"Wha…\" Eep got out as she watched them subdue and bind up the Ramu, leaving it to struggle, before they moved aside and a Warthog jumped on it holding a sharp rock in front of its eye. The rock was moved to its horn and dragged against it making the Ramu shudder and stop fighting. The warthog raised up the rock before the other animals raised their arms up and cheered. Eep gulped and was completely shocked before the warthog looked at her then jumped off and moved slowly towards her. She began to panic and move her battered body back if fear. Suddenly it pushed its head up to reveal a boy's head underneath, looking at her with an inquisitive expression. \"Hey, you alright?\" he asked as Eep looked up in a astonishment. This was a creature she had never seen before. He smiled before reaching out to her. She saw another furrier head look at her from his waist and reacted the way any rational cavegirl would, she kicked him back sending him to the dirt with an 'oof' before the others rushed over to help She ignored the pain in her body and scrambled to get away. But, having forgotten about the nearby river, she accidentally fell in and was swept away by the current. \"Ahhhhh Help me!\" she cried out struggling against the current trying to stay afloat as she watched them getting further away. Her struggle seemed never ending until the water poured over a cliff and she fell into the valley swimming hole. After surfacing she coughed and gagged while swimming to the shore and collapsed huffing and puffing to try and catch her breath. \"What...was that?\" she questioned and looked up at the falls. (Later back at School) \"I'm getting tired of this Squawk.\" Said Grug holding the teacher by his pelt as he glared. \"Where. Is. Eep?\" \"Better talk.\" said Amber standing next to Snoot. \"You know how Grug get about daughter.\" \"I keep telling you she never showed up for class today!\" He lied and pointed to the children. \"Ask my students, they'll tell you the same thing.\" \"Thunk.\" Grug said looking at his son. \"Where's Eep?\" \"Uhhhh…\" he spoke looking anywhere but his dad nervously as he tried to think up an excuse. \"Thunk, tell me the truth.\" Grug spoke in a demanding tone. The boy gulped and grew nervous before seeing his sister approach. \"Oh, there she is dad! safe and sound.\" Grug turned and smiled. \"Eep! Oh thank goodness, I was wor-wait, why are you wet? And are those scratches!?\" \"Don't worry dad, I'm fi-Ahh!\" She winced and held her side. Grug ran over and looked her over with a frown. \"They are. Eep what happened? Tell me everything.\" \"We'll see, I was trying to catch this Ramu, I held on as it ran out of the valley-\" \"You tried catching a Ramu AND you went outside the valley!?\" he spoke up in shock before turning to the teacher. \"Did you know about this?\" \"Uh eheheh, possibly?\" he spoke nervously while backing up. Grug growled and turned back to Eep. \"Eep, if there's two things I don't want you doing, it's hunting, and going outside the valley.\" \"But dad-\" \"No buts,\" he said to his daughter before grabbing her arm and dragged her away. \"I'm taking you home right now. You too Thunk, let's go.\" \"Yay!\" cheered his son as he followed his dad and sister. \"Amber, Snoot, I'll be down at the hunting field tomorrow to see how things are going.\" Grug finished before taking his children home.[Chapter 2] \"So...you went outside the valley?\" Ugga asked her daughter, trying to keep a neutral expression, while Gran held onto Sandy. \"Not by choice, the Ramu carried me out.\" Eep spoke in defence. \"Well why didn't you just let go?\" Grug asked with his hands on his hips. \"Seriously, you think Eep would do something like let her prey get away?\" Gran asked picking up sandy with her cane. \"Ha! That's a good one. She's the stubbornest member of this family. She's not just gonna 'let go'.\" \"And I saw something REALLY weird too. Animals standing on two legs, a wolf, a wildcat, oh and a warthog that turned into a boy.\" \"A boy?\" Ugga Questioned with her interests peaked. \"Huh, that's strange, usually it's the reverse.\" Gran threw in while scratching her head. \"More like completely ridiculous.\" spoke Grug. \"Animals don't turn into people. Obviously you hit your head and imagined the whole thing.\" \"But dad I really did see it and he had this third head with fur on his waist.\" Eep spoke up. \"Eep, that's enough.\" her father spoke up. \"Whatever it was, the fact is it was outside the valley means it was probably dangerous. You're lucky to have gotten away or who knows what might have happened to you. Its that kind of reckless behavior that proves you're not ready to be a hunter.\" \"Speaking of which, why are you meeting Snoot and Amber at the hunting field tomorrow?\" Eep asked rasing an eyebrow. \"I mean Amber I understand, but Snoot?\" \"If you must know, since we lost a few hunters yesterday, I put their kids on hunting duty.\" Grug spoke before the rest of the family went wide and they covered their ears. \"WHAT!\" Eep exclaimed. \"What? We needed the extra hands.\" stated grug. \"I thought they might be able to help.\" \"So you gave the jobs to Pat, Bulk, and Sulk!?\" Eep questioned in outrage. \"Pat's a total slacker, Bulk doesn't care about anything but being different, and Sulk...he's a rock head!\" \"Perhaps, but they all know how to what they're told and follow directions.\" Grug countered. \"I could be just as good a hunter then any of them!\" boasted Eep with a frown on her face. \"You're not ready, and after what happened today, I don't think you ever will be.\" Those words hit Eep hard. \"Grug!\" Ugga scolded. \"That's going too far.\" \"Well I'm sorry Ugga, but it's the truth.\" Grug said firmly. \"I know that, but you don't have to say it like that?\" Ugga added making Eep's jaw go slack. \"Mom!? Are you saying I'm not cut out to be a hunter too?\" \"Well...look Eep, maybe you should just take some time to cool off. Learn not to just jump in when you feel like it. Boys do like a girl who knows how to cook.\" Ugga said before trying to reach out to her eldest daughter. \"Forget it.\" she backed away and walked away from them with a frown, she went over to an empty corner in the cave and curled up into a ball. \"I'm sleeping here for the night.\" she said angrily. \"Eep-\" Ugga said wanting to go to her but Grug grabbed her shoulder and shook his head. \"Let's just let her work it out a little, she'll be fine in no time.\" \"Yeah, right.\" Gran remarked. \"I use to say that for Ugga all the time, but she'd always go off and whine for a few days. The last time was right before she ended up with you.\" \"Mom, you're not helping.\" \"Who said I was trying to.\" she replied with a smirk and a raised eyebrow. That night the family was piled up and fast asleep, all except for Eep who was having trouble getting comfortable. She tossed and turned in the corner while feeling cold from lack of shared body heat. She was tempted to go over and join her family but she was still mad at her father. She wrapped her arms around herself and tried to rub them and closing her eyes. Suddenly light shined in through the cracks of the door and over her eyes. \"Huh wha- it can't be day time already?\" she said before watching the light move around the cave floor. \"What the….?\" she moved from her spot and reached out to grab it when suddenly it moved away. \"Hey.\" she rushed around and tried to catch it but somehow it eluded her grasp. \"Stop moving light.\" she said angrily before finally putting her hand on it, but to her confusion it somehow got on the back of her palm. \"Huh?\" she mover her hand around and followed the beam to the crack in the stone door it's shined out of. \"What is that?\" Her family made small sounds while she huffed and tried grabbing the door before pulling, but it didn't move. She groaned and managed to move it just enough so she could look outside. What she saw was one of the two legged animals from before only now it was holding a small sun on a stick. Her eyes widened while blown away and had to cover her mouth. 'No, they must have followed me. The animal walked away and left Eep breathing heavily quickly moved to the sleep pile, to wake them. \"Dad! Dad wake up!\" she said urgently but quietly and she shook him. \"Two legger! Get up!\" Grug groaned and opened his eyes. \"Eep? Wha...What's the matter?\" \"One of the two legger! It's in the Valley, right outside the cave, and it had the sun in its hand.\" she said. \"Oh Eep, it was probably a bad dream. Go back to sleep.\" he said turning his head and closing his eyes. \"But-\" \"Grug! Grug!\" Came the voice of a panicking Snoot as he started beating in the door.. \"Danger in the Valley! Wake up!\" The family all woke up as Grug sat up and ran to open the door. \"What's wrong?\" \"Two legged animals, one was right outside your cave just moments ago, holding a...a... baby sun.\" Snoot said in worry. Grug blinked with a dumbstruck expression and looked back at Eep who had an 'I told you so' look and let out a \"Mhm\" with her arms crossed. \"Wait, hold on. You sure YOU weren't just having some weird dream too?\" \"I was standing outside my cave when I saw it.\" he said pointing at the cave on the hill above. \"It went down into the Valley with the others of its pack. Look for yourself.\" Snoot then pointed to the high up cave. Grug looked and saw light coming from down in the valley then pushed Snoot aside and went over. He narrowed his eyes while seeing the trail of light move farther away. \"Let's go.\" Grug spoke to Snoot before they went off after it. They followed the light and hid behind a rock before Grug peaked out. He gasped as he saw them, animals walking on two legs. The were making odd nests made from other animals pelts held up by sticks and at the center was a sun in a nest of sticks. \"Eep was right, they do walk on two legs.\" \"Told you so.\" said girl said as she peeked out next to Grug. \"Eep!?\" he blurted quietly and pulled her back. \"What are you doing here?\" \"You said 'let's go'.\" she replied pointing a finger at him. \"Yeah, 'let's go' as in me and Snoot, I didn't say you could come.\" he shot back. \"Well….you didn't say I couldn't.\" she shrugged. \"She's right dad.\" said Thunk as he walked up along with the rest of the Crood family. \"What? I didn't...you should….ugh! Fine, just keep it down.\" he instructed before looking back out. Suddenly they saw a Ramu walking up with vines tied to its horns and the warthog riding on its back with more in the same position not far behind. The other animals cheered at their arrival. Eep recognized it as the Ramu she attempted to catch and climbed on a ledge for a better look as her family and Snoot watched the spectacle. \"What are they doing dad?\" Thunk asked his father. \"I'm not sure son.\" Grug stated as the Warthog hopped off the Ramu and a wolf walked over and put its paws on the Warthogs shoulder before it looked out to the other animals. \"My son!\" the wolf proclaimed to them while grsturing to the warthog. The others of the packed whooped and hollered while the cavemen were left in confusion and shock. \"They can talk!? Wait, so that warthog came from the wolf?\" spoke Thunk rubbing his head. \"How does that work?\" \"Must be some crazy breeding with these animals.\" Gran tossed in. \"They're getting weirder and weirder every year.\" Eep tilted her head and leaned in before the ledge gave way. The girl screamed getting everyone's attention as she rolled out in between the families hiding spot and the animals. The next thing she knew they were screaming. Many of the animals ran away in terror while others grabbed sticks. Grug ran out and grabbed Eep. \"Are you okay?\" he asked and got a nod before the animals gathered in a defensive position with their sticks held up. \"Grab some rocks!\" spoke Snoot as the others grabbed the closest rock they could grab. \"Wait!\" yelled out the warthog as he ran in front of the crowd of animals and looked at Eep. \"Tiger girl?\" he asked before pushing up on its head to show the boy head underneath. \"It is you!\" Eep gawked with her father. \"Ahh! It turned into a boy!\" screamed Thunk dropping his rock in horror. \"Now that's something you don't see every day.\" Ugga spoke looking out at them. \"Quick! Let's bonk it before it attacks.\" whispered Snoot. \"No!\" Ugga stopped him \"lets see how this plays out.\" \"I was hoping I'd see you again.\" said the boy...hog. \"I didn't really get your name.\" \"I….I'm Eep.\" she said and stretched out her hand only for it to be grabbed by a small furry arm. \"Huh, aaah!\" she screamed and pulled back her hand. \"What is that!?\" \"Oh sorry, this is my pal Belt.\" he said as the small creature looked at her. \"Cook, conversationalist, and helps keep my pants up.\" It waved while Eep blinked and tried to wrap her mind around that. \"What are pants up?\" Eep questioned. \"Guy, what are you doing? They're... Cavies.\" said the wildcat from before while whispering the last word. \"I don't know, she seems alright.\" the one called Guy said before Grug moved his daughter behind him and growled at them before roaring out gibberish while flailing his fists and tried to scare them back. \"Woah woah, easy there big guy.\" the boy said before the wolf stepped up and pushed up its own head to show a man with auburn hair and a strong clefted chin. \"Get away from my son, you hairy beast!\" the man said looking ready to start a fight. \"You're calling me a beast?\" Grug questioned. \"You're the animals here Wolf-man.\" \"I'm not a wolf-man, I'm a regular man, something I can't say the same for you.\" \"Dad stop!\" both Eep and Guy yelled together before they looked at each other. \"Wait, that's your dad?\" questioned Guy. \"Erm...Yeah.\" she said rubbing her arm feeling somewhat awkward. \"What are you and your animal friends doing in our valley?\" frowned Grug. \"We are not animals.\" said the man beating a hand on his chest. \"I am Chief, leader of this tribe, and master of the hunt.\" \"Well I am Grug, leader of AAAH Valley,\" he said causing the visitors to jump a the 'AAAH' part \"and I'M the master of the hunt around here.\" \"So this valley is already populated.\" Chief said before sighing. \"Looks like we'll need to keep moving.\" he said to his people. This got groans and whines from the people ot the others of the tribe. \"No dad, we just got here.\" Guy spoke pleadingly. \"We've been walking all day since dawn. Not to mention supplies are low, we're almost out of water, and everyone is tired. We need to rest.\" \"I'm sorry son, but we can't just intrude somewhere if there are already people here, especially Cavies.\" spoke his dad with reluctance. \"But dad-\" \"Guy is right.\" spoke another voice. The crowd parted and a balding elderly man hobbled out with a bushy unibrow and a blue pelt his hands folded behind his back. \"We must stay my son, if we continue now we will most certainly lose some of our fellow tribesmen to exhaustion and hunger.\" \"But father, it'd be intruding, and hard to stomach.\" \"Perhaps, but we have very little choice.\" The elderly man said before approaching Grug. \"Good sir, I implore you, allow us to stay here, you seem to have plenty of room here.\" \"I don't know.\" Grug said looking at them. \"Oh come on Grug.\" Said Ugga stepping out with Sandy in her arms. \"They're desperately in need of help. Sure they might seem... different, but we probably look just as different to them. Hi, Ugga Crood, you already kinda met my eldest daughter Eep, this is Sandy.\" Said baby let out gibberish while gnashing her teeth and giggling. \"And hiding behind the rock is my son Thunk and my mother Gran.\" \"Way to rat us out Ugga!\" Gran spoke angrily. \"Uh, hey.\" waved Thunk awkwardly. \"And of course there's our neighbor Snoot.\" \"I'm not with them!\" he called out before running off. \"A pleasure to meet you Ma'am,\" said the old man with a smile. \"I am Pops, elder and keeper of our tribes history.\" He said as the two stepped out begrudgingly \"Such a lovely family.\" Pops nodded. \"You already know my son Chief and of course my grandson Guy.\" \"Um, question.\" Thunk spoke raising his hand. \"How do you turn into animals?\" \"We don't turn into them, we just wear their pelts to help conceal our faces.\" Guy put his back on. \"See? We call them masks. They also provide a small amount of protection from the weather, like staying dry in the rain.\" \"That's impossible. When it rains we get wet.\" spoke Grug like it was obvious. \"You can't just walk around dry in the rain.\" \"You'd be surprised.\" Pops said. \"My grandson is always coming up with new ideas that often prove beneficial.\" \"Is it how you have baby suns?\" asked Eep marveling at the source of light. \"That's not a sun, that's fire.\" Guy replied. \"We make it.\" \"And it's our tribes most treasured secret.\" Said Chief with a stern tone. \"Only we know how to harness it, and it will stay that way. Giving such knowledge to you would be...unwise. it will only lead to disaster if you can't control it.\" \"You must forgive my son, sometimes the duties of leadership often cloud his manners.\" \"I can tell.\" remarked Grug with a frown. \"However he is correct, Fire is too dangerous to be left in the hands of those who can't fully control its awesome power.\" \"Oh come on, it can't be that hard.\" spoke Gran with a wave of her hand. \"It's hot, it goes up in the sky, what else is there to know?\" \"If left unchecked it could very well destroy anything in it's path. Especially anything dry and withered.\" \"Hear that Gran,\" Grug smiled. \"Better stay back.\" \"I could say the same about that thing you call a head.\" she shot back and whacked him with her cane. \"Ow!\" He rubbed the spot while they glared at each other and Guy chuckled before looking at Eep and smiled. Said girl blushed and looked away with a shy smile. \"Please Grug, let them stay.\" Ugga spoke. \"It would be nice to have some fresh faces.\" \"Yeah, plus I wanna try and see what wearing one of those...masks is like.\" spoke Thunk. \"Ugh, okay fine. Cheif, you and your...tribe can stay, but you can't stay here, we need this path. There's an open clearing on the other side of the valley, you can stay there.\" \"Fair enough, thank you.\" Chief nodded before looking to his people. \"Everyone, gather your belongings. We have a little more walking to do before we can rest our heads for the night.\" They nodded and moved to grab their stuff while the large fire was buried in dirt. Guy and Eep kept looking at each other before the former spoke up. \"It was… nice to see you made it home alright.\" \"Thanks, and it was nice meeting you and your family.\" Eep replied. \"Will I see you again tomorrow?\" He asked. \"Well I have to go foraging with my mom so...I don't know.\" She said twirling some of her hair with her finger. \"Maybe I can come with and help out.\" he offered. \"Guy! Let's go!\" called the boy's father. \"See ya around Eep.\" He said before handing her a pink shell. \"Call me.\" He said quietly.\" \"Call you?\" she looked confused as he turned and they headed off. \"Just blow into it. If I hear it I'll come find you.\" He said to her. \"Oh, alright.\" she replied, still confused how that would work. The Croods went back to their cave with Eep looking at the shell. 'That was really sweet of him.' she thought and went back to her spot on the cave floor. \"Ugh, I hope they get lost as soon as possible.\" groaned her dad. \"You barely know anything about them.\" Ugga said. \"I'm sure if you got to know them you'd see they're not so bad.\" \"I don't get what's so wrong.\" spoke Thunk. \"They're nice people, right?\" \"That's what we thought about the Broods.\" Grug said pointing to a cave paint on the wall that depicted humans with fuzzy arms, legs, and even tails. \"And we all remember how that turned out.\" That made all of them shudder. \"The nightmares still haunt me.\" Thunk muttered. \"I'm just saying we need to be careful who we trust, mostly people from outside the Valley.\" \"But Guy looked really nice, plus you heard what his dad's dad said, he can think up new stuff. Maybe some of those ideas can help around the valley?\" Eep spoke fiddling with the shell. \"Eep that's crazy, we're doing just fine on our own, and I doubt they have some 'secret' to making that so called 'fire'. Obviously the sun had babies and they kidnapped them. Hey maybe it will kill all them to rescue its young in the morning. Hahaha, now I might be able to get some sleep.\" \"Dad that's a horrible thing to say!\" \"You'll understand when you're older honey.\" He said as the family got into a sleep pile. \"Come on Eep, time for bed.\" \"I'm fine here, thanks.\" She frowned and laid on her side with her back to them. \"Oh come on, you can't still be mad, are you?\" She said nothing before he groaned. \"Fine, but if you change your mind just hop on in.\" She didn't say anything as he shut the door and got in the pile while Eep looked at the shell, held it close and found it much easier to get to sleep then before with a smile on her face as she couldn't wait for tomorrow.[Chapter 3] The next day in AHH Valley, a meeting was held regarding the new residents and it was off to a rocky start. Everyone was talking all at once demanding to be heard. \"This is completely insane!\" \"They can't stay here!\" \"They're really weird!\" \"Everyone! Calm down!\" yelled out Grug banging a rock on his stand trying to get a word in. \"QUIET!\" All of them slowly stopped and turned minus one guy who let out one more yell before abruptly stopping when he found everyone else do the same before Grug cleared his throat. \"Now I know this new arrangement might take some getting used to, but there's plenty of room in the valley for all of us, even new people we don't entirely trust yet. Now, are there any questions?\" \"Yes, when are they going to leave?\" frowned Snoot with his arms crossed and others nodding in agreement. \"Well they can stay as long as they don't cause any trouble.\" replied Grug before everyone voiced their disapproval. \"BUT, if they prove to be a danger to our homes and our families we run them out like lyoties!\" \"That something Amber all for.\" smirked the woman smashing a rock on the ground into bits. \"But Amber curious, are they people who change into animals, or animals who change into people?\" \"Uh...I think it might be the second one?\" Grug scratched his head. \"I mean I guess they wear pelts like the rest of us only...differently.\" \"Well I think we can all agree that anything different, is better left alone.\" spoke Squawk. \"Unless it fills my belly of course, can we eat them?\" \"No, they're still people….at least I think so.\" \"Mhh, pitty.\" Squawk frowned before sitting back down, crossing his arms. \"Look as long as we can all get along with them I think this can work, and by 'I' I mean Ugga. So if this goes wrong we all know who to blame.\" \"Grug!\" Ugga shouted making her husband flinch. \"Uh, I mean someone to thank if this works. Speaking of which we should get to our tasks.\" he cleared his throat. \"Just because we have new neighbors doesn't mean we should get lazy and go hungry.\" All the cave people grumbled as they dispersed from the meeting rock. Grug sighed and rubbed the back of his neck before looking over to his family. \"Alright, now this is gonna take some time to adjust, but if we just keep to ourselves and do what we always do, then everything will be alright.\" \"Oh Grug stop worrying,\" Ugga spoke as she walked up with Sandy in her arms. \"I'm sure if you gave them a chance you might like them.\" \"Yeah, I mean you saw the stuff they had, it was real cool.\" smiled Eep. \"I'm still a little freaked out about their fire stuff though.\" Thunk stated. \"I don't trust it one bit, it's too bright.\" frowned Gran. \"Makes my eyes get all watery and hard to see through, probably made to blind you before they swoop in and getcha!\" \"Starting to wish I had some right now.\" Grumbled Grug before letting mouth a cough to clear his throat. \"Okay Croods, you all know your assignments?\" \"I look after Sandy while Ugga and Eep go gathering, I know.\" Gran rolled her eyes after using her walking to lift infant up by her pelt. \"And I'll be out hunting with the others and their kids.\" \"Which I should be doing.\" muttered Eep with a frown while looking away from him. \"I heard that Eep.\" Grug spoke grabbing her by the head and turned her to face him. \"Well it's the truth and you know it.\" \"Eep, we've been over this, you're gathering with your mother until you prove yourself, end of discussion.\" The girl crossed her arms with a huff before her dad headed off and her mom patted her on the back. \"Thunk you're with me on hunting,\" Grug said. \"we might need some extra bait on the off chance we lose Bulk. And as we all know you're one of the best at being bait.\" \"Thanks dad. I was afraid of being left at home with Gran and Sandy.\" \"You're taking Thunk hunting?!\" Eep yelled. \"Yes, but only as a last resort. Bait just needs to look weak and vulnerable.\" Grug explained. \"But I can do that easy!\" she said before thinking about what just came out of her mouth. \"What am I thinking? No one wants to be bait.\" \"Look, just stick with gathering and I'll consider bringing you along, but no promises.\" Eep crossed her arms and huffed before she and her mom went to join the other gatherers. She grumbled the whole way with a pouty face. \"Now Eep, you know that your father is just doing what he thinks is best.\" Ugga said to her daughter who looked away with a \"hmph\". \"He's always like that no matter what I do.\" Ugga reached for Eep's chin and made her daughter look back at her. \"Listen to me Eep, the day you were born, Grug was the happiest and proudest caveman in the valley. But you were so small that he also worried a lot, he can't help but still see you as that little baby.\" \"But Sandy's the baby now, why can't he just worry about her?\" \"Because Sandy is our third child, you were the first. Plus she's much bigger than you were and she's ferocious enough to where he doesn't need to worry.\" \"Well maybe if he bothered to let me be a bonker, he wouldn't need to worry. Seriously mom I'm not a baby anymore.\" \"Well your father is stubborn, but unless a chance comes up where you can show him wrong, you're just gonna have to wait it out.\" she said before she and her daughter walked into the other gatherers ahead of them. \"Oh! Sorry, didn't mean to bump into you.\" \"What's the holdup?\" questioned Eep. \"Oh great, it's the new neighbors.\" spoke a portly cavewoman with dark hair pointing at their usual spot. \"Figures they'd move in to gather all of our food.\" stated a hunched over old man with white hair before a woman with a white flowing white pelt started making strange noises Praise for the high tide Praise for the seaside Praise for the sun at high noon Praise for the lightning Praise for the singing Praise the father sun and sister moon. \"Mom, what's that weird noise she's making?\" Eep asked. \"I'm not sure, but...its strangely soothing.\" Ugga replied with a smile. Praise for the red dawn Grass that we walk upon, Praise for the rivers whispered tune Praise for the wind brother Praise for the earth mother Praise the father sun and sister moon Hey-ya, hey-ya, hey-ya. The crowd felt themselves transfixed on the sound with a few dropping their jaws. \"Wow, that sounds….beautiful.\" Ugga spoke before the woman noticed them. \"Oh! Hello there!\" She waved to them. \"I had no idea I had a crowd listening. Come, there's plenty for everyone.\" she gestured to the berries with her taking more and putting them in her bag. \"Just be careful of the poison ones.\" \"Hold up there, just what are you doing in our gathering spot?\" Spoke the portly woman. \"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see anyone here so I assumed that it was an unmarked area. Don't worry I won't be coming here often\" she smiled while picking a few more berries before looking at Eep. \"Hey, aren't you Tiger girl?\" she asked with a smile. \"Um, no, my name is Eep.\" \"Well you certainly look as Guy described.\" she remarked making Eep's eyes widen. Eep perked up a little at the mention of the boy. \"You know Guy?\" \"Of course, he's my son.\" Eeps' mouth dropped while the woman smiled then looked at her bag. \"I'd say that's plenty, it was nice seeing you all, may we all come together and live peacefully as time moves on.\" \"Oh you don't have to leave right away,\" Eep said standing in front of the woman. \"right mom?\" \"Yeah, I mean, now that we're neighbors, I don't see why you can't stick around a bit longer.\" smiled Ugga walking over. \"My name's Ugga, I'm Eep's mom.\" \"I am called Willow.\" the woman stated. \"I gotta asked Willow, what was that weird noise you were making?\" \"Oh! You mean my song? I was singing. My grandmother invented it.\" \"Sing-ing?\" ugga tilted her head. \"It sounded like noise, but...really nice and different.\" she spoke as the other gatherers walked by eyeing Willow cautiously. \"Anyone can do it, with practice.\" she smiled. \"I could teach you later if you like.\" \"Uh yeah sure,\" spoke Eep before looking around.. \"So... is Guy around?\" \"Oh no, right now he's with his father and the other hunters.\" she said with a look of pride. \"Really! I mean, um, really? That's cool. My dad's a hunter too, they should be here soon.\" remarked Eep trying to sound calm and not get too excited. Over at the hunting field not far off, Grug was addressing the new hunters and bait, Pat, Sulk, Bulk, and Thunk. \"Alright new hunters, and bait. I know the first day might seem a little overwhelming, but you need to focus. Any minute those mosquitoads are gonna come flying over the field and we need you to be on top of your game. Is that clear?\" \"Whatever.\" remarked Bulk and Pat boredly. \"Yeah, woohoo!\" Sulk whooped and hollard gleefully. \"Let's bonk some prey!\" \"This is gonna be great.\" smiled Thunk in excitement. \"I can work on my shadow puppets until it's my turn to be bait.\" \"No wait, Thunk going up first.\" Amber spoke grabbing Thunk by the pelt and lifted him up. \"Need lots of food for Valley, and Thunk look like good bait.\" \"Aw man.\" groaned Thunk. \"Sounds good to me.\" muttered Pat with a smile. \"And Pat be first one to try and knock out prey before Thunk get eaten.\" \"Mom!\" Groaned Pat as her mother shoved a rock in her arms. \"No take attitude with Amber.\" the woman frowned furrowing her brow. \"You be Lead Hunter like Amber and like it.\" \"And that means you will help her if she's caught off guard.\" spoke Grug handing a rock to Sulk. \"Yeah!\" Sulk cheered. \"Guess that means I can just sit this one out, cool.\" smiled Bulk. \"Okay bonkers, get ready! Here they come!\" Called Grug. The hunters got their rocks ready while Thunk was running around making noise in the field. Three mosquitoads locked on to them and flew down ready to grab him. \"Come on down! I'm all ready for lunch!\" Thunk shouted. Just as the hunters were about to bonk, the mosquitoads were struck by sticks that came flying out from another part of the grassy field and pierced them in vital areas. The hunters were surprised and looked down to see several animals with pointed sticks ride up on their ramu making Grug frown. \"Hey! That was our kill!\" Grug shouted when Chief slowly rode up leaving most of the hunters slack jawed in fear at his size. Amber on the other hand felt like she'd swallowed a swarm of butterhummers. \"Apologies, but with so many predators together, we thought you may need some help.\" he said hoping off the creature who seemed relieved to have that weight off its back. Amber made a goofy grin as he approached and started giggling like a teenage girl. Pat snapped out of her bewildered gaze and looked to her mother. \"Mom?\" she spoke up raising an eyebrow, while Amber's one pupil turned into a red heart. \"Are you feeling okay?\" Said woman kept staring at Chief who looked like the toughest man she had ever seen in her life, minus Pat's father. \"Amber feel more than okay.\" \"Woah, are you seeing this Bulk!?\" Sulk asked pointing to the new valley dwellers \"Yeah Sulk, ramu riding, now that is cool.\" smiled the smaller boy while Grug tried to frown and not seem impressed. \"Look, we didn't need any help, we had everything all covered.\" Grug spoke to Chief. \"This is how we hunt.\" \"By using just rocks? What would you have done if you ran out and they just avoided them?\" \"That's why we have these. Haha!\" Grug said holding up his fist jabbed at the air. \"Your bare hands?\" Chief questioned. \"You should only do that while sparring with each other.\" \"Spar-what?\" \"Dad.\" Guy spoke taking off his mask. \"We don't have time for this, we need to get our kill back to camp before some other predator picks up the scent of blood.\" he spoke while Belt nodded. \"Good call Guy. everyone! Let's get these home!\" The other masked men nodded before they left their mounts and moved to remove the sticks and used vines to tie the dead mosquitoads to their ramu. \"What are you doing? Now the ramu are gonna run off with them.\" scoffed Grug with a shake of his head. \"Naw they know better, right Legs?\" Guy said patting his ramu's side. It let out a low hum while the vines were slowly finished being tied. \"Alright everyone let's move out!\" Chief instructed The hunters got back on the animals before they began to lug the mosquitoads away while Grug and the others were stunned. \"Such commanding voice.\" Amber swooned. \"Such strong leader.\" she fell back with Pat catching her. \"Ugh! Mom!\" groaned the girl under the weight. \"Wow.\" Eep smiled and looked at Willow. \"No matter how many times I see you guys ride those things it still amazes me.\" \"Well it's all a matter of trust and teamwork.\" Willow spoke. \"Ugga, why don't you and your family come to our camp, we can get to know each other better.\" suggested Willow with Eep liking the sound of that. \"Well I guess it wouldn't hurt to meet new people.\" smiled Ugga while Grug himself glared at Chief and the other hunters while Amber stared at Chief with a smile with Pat waving a hand in her mother's face. \"Grug! We're going to the new neighbors!\" Ugga called to her husband. \"What?!\" he screamed and ran up to her. \"But Ugga we...we can't I mean...just look how filthy we are.\" He said trying to make an excuse knowing Ugga wasn't going to let it go without reason. \"Then we'll all get cleaned up when you get home and then head over.\" \"Oh that's great.\" Willow said. \"It'll give me a chance to prepare.\" Grug groaned to himself while Eep smiled. (Later at the Crood cave) \"Run for your lives!\" Shouted Gran trying to run out of the cave. \"Mom get back here!\" Ugga shouted grabbing her mother's lizard pelt by the tail and dug her heels in the dirt. \"We all are gonna get cleaned up, which means you too. You have ants.\" \"I don't want to lose my protective layer!\" The old woman shouted. \"You can't make me!\" \"Grug, a little help please!?\" \"Hold her still.\" he spoke walking over with a rock. \"I don't wanna miss.\" \"Grug!\" Ugga frowned at him. \"Pick her up.\" \"Alright fine.\" he sighed tossing the rock aside before grabbing the pelt and picked Gran up who hit him with her stick. \"Ow! Hey! \"Asking your man for help, what kind of woman are you Ugga?!\" Gran shouted in anger. \"You're the one being so stubborn mom.\" Ugga replied while Grug hung the old woman by her stick on a root. Ugga then grabbed another stick and beat the dirt off her mother. \"There, that wasn't so bad now was it?\" \"You would say that being the one holding the stick.\" Gran said before hopping down. \"Me next!\" Eep said enthusiastically and jumped up to grab the root. \"Come on, come on!\" \"Wow Eep, you're pretty eager to get clean.\" Ugga chuckled. \"I wanna hurry up and go meet the new neighbors.\" Eep replied before her mother used the stick on her. \"Frankly I just wanna ignore them.\" muttered Grug before it was his turn. \"Ugga are you sure you want to do this?\" \"Yes, I want us to make a good impression and show they're welcome here.\" she spoke while beating the dirt off him. \"Meaning we all need to be on our best behavior, that means you too Gran.\" \"Why am I the one you always single out?\" \"You know why.\" Ugga replied. After the Crood family got cleaned they headed out. \"I just don't know about this Ugga, these people, they're just so...weird. I don't think me and Chief have anything in common.\" \"Well that's not true, both of you seem like tough and strong leaders for starters and You're both hunters.\" \"Oh yeah, because a real hunter needs to throw sticks.\" Grug grumbled. After a bit of searching they soon arrived at their destination. They spotted numorus homes made from sticks and pelts with the residents moving about and more of the fire on small sticks. \"Watch yourselves, we're in enemy territory.\" Gran whispered. \"Wow.\" spoke Thunk seeing all the various masks. \"You know in the daylight they don't seem all that scary.\" \"Don't drop your guard, they might use that to strike.\" whispered Gran. \"I don't know they look more afraid of us then we are of them.\" Ugga said noticing how edgy they looked. Eep was looking around diligently before spotting Willow, Chief, and pops sitting around a fire. \"Ooh! Over there!\" \"Ah, our fellow neighbors have come to us.\" smiled Willow while her husband tried to hide his displeasure. \"Welcome to the camp of the Tenties.\" She greeted kindly. \"Is that what you call yourselves?\" questioned Gran still on the defensive. \"Yes, is that a problem?\" asked Chief. \"You live in caves, we live in tents.\" \"Chief, behave.\" Pops spoke. \"It sounds very nice.\" spoke up Ugga quickly. \"Well it's not as sturdy as a cave but it's just as mobile. Makes things easier when you've been wandering as long as we have.\" Willow said. \"And when mother earth feels down, we can just look out and enjoy the rain she cries for us.\" \"So... where's Guy?\" Eep asked. \"He went off for more firewood. But don't worry lunch is almost ready.\" said Willow gesturing to the fire where pieces of meat on sticks were over an open fire turning brown. \"After it's done, your mouths will be screaming for joy.\" she said with a grin. \"Probably from the bad taste, just look at it.\" muttered Grug with a grimace before Ugga elbowed him making him shut up quickly. \"I'm sure it tastes better than it looks.\" the cavewoman said. \"And….they're done.\" Pops said grabbing a stick. \"Dig in.\" The Croods reached down, most more hesitant and picked up sticks while Thunk was drooling from the smell. He took a bite before his eyes widened. \"Wooooah! Its an avalanche of flavor!\" he cried before he started biting into it with gusto surprising his family. Gran took a bite and in seconds she started tearing it apart. \"Wow! Now that's pretty darn good!\" The rest followed suit and all but Grug hummed in satisfaction. \"This is amazing!\" smiled Ugga while Sandy let out a sigh as she tried licking her bone clean. \"It tastes like the usual meat, but it's so different at the same time.\" \"It's...okay.\" Grug said not wanting to sound impressed. \"Are you crazy! It feels like my mouth is getting all warm and tingly.\" smiled Eep eating the last bite. \"Oohhhh, so good!\" \"I feel like I could eat this forever and ever!\" smiled Thunk with Sandy jumping over on him to try and munch on his stick. \"Hey no! No Sandy, this is mine!\" The sight got a good laugh from the hosts. \"I gotta say, this meat is better than anything we've ever had before.\" remarked Ugga. \"Thank you,\" Willow said happily accepting the compliment. \"I'm glad you enjoyed it.\" \"This is the power of fire, the power to warm up meat to the point it surpasses sheer raw meat.\" spoke Chief. \"Yet it's full potential is still unknown even to us.\" \"Ah! Here comes Guy.\" smiled Willow with the boy walking over with his arms full of sticks. \"Guy, our guests are here!\" \"That's great to hear, sorry I couldn't be by earlier, had to get plenty of wood to keep the fire going.\" he said walking up, not noticing Eep looking at him. \"Well our guests have taken quite a liking to the meat from your first kill.\" Chief stated. \"Good to hear.\" Guy smiled handing the sticks to Pops who then placed them in the fire as his grandson sat next to him. \"I'm just happy to finally be playing a part in the hunts.\" \"Well you've earned it son, after all you were going to participate eventually.\" smiled Pops. \"You should be proud of yourself Guy.\" \"Well I'm definitely feeling it, I've even been working on something to make it extra easy. Some kind of tool with holes in it, but made of vines all tied togather and can even be thrown over the predators. I'm thinking of calling it...a net. But I'm still working on it.\" he admitted with a smile while Eep felt herself swoon which Grug took notice to and frowned. \"Well keep at it and you'll figure it out my boy.\" Pops spoke with encouragement. Sandy burped and licked the bone she had clean before looking over at Belt who moved off Guy's waist to grab some meat for himself. \"Pops, don't call him a boy, he's a man now after all.\" Spoke Chief as Sandy crawled to sneak up on the creature. Belt himself smiled at the warm meat before getting a feeling that made him turn and saw Sandy moving towards him with a hungry glint. He gulped before ripping the meat in half and handed her some. She looked confused at the gesture before biting into the meat with a growl and started tearing into it with gusto while Belt sighed in relief. \"How is guy a man?\" Grug questioned \"He looks like he can't be much older then my eldest daughter Eep here.\" \"Yeah, how does that work?\" Asked Ugga. \"Well you see, Our people have what we call, A Right of Passage. A test to prove a boy can do things that benefit the group as a whole. Guy took the test yesterday and passed. At last night's ceremony it was made official. Just before you all showed up.\" Chief explained. \"So he's technically a man, even though he's still young?\" asked Thunk looking lost. \"That's about right,\" Guy spoke. \"and it's got its perks too, I can stay up as long as I want, hunt with the other men, and take a woman to be my wife.\" Hearing that made Eep blush and look away which Grug also noticed with annoyance. \"Are you sure you're ready for that?\" Questioned Ugga. \"Marriage is a big commitment.\" \"Well I'm not looking to get married yet, but now that I'm a man I'm gonna keep my eyes open now.\" Grug couldn't help but sigh. 'Well that's a relief.' \"Hey, maybe you should go with Eep over here?\" chuckled Gran. \"She's bit of a spitfire, but still a good catch.\" \"Gran!\" spoke Eep with a blush and Grug with annoyance. \"What? Just poking a bit of fun.\" she chuckled while Ugga shook her head. \"Forgive my mom, she likes to stir up trouble.\" \"Heeheehee. I can relate.\" laughed Pops. \"Bear Owl!\" called out one of the twenties running past them making them turn and see the animal running towards them with a roar. \"We gotta go, now!\" Grug barked in fear as the Croods sprang up ready to run. \"No need to fear,\" spoke Chief quickly standing up and grabbed a stick from the fire. \"We can take care of it!\" He then charged towards the Bear Owl. \"Are you crazy? It'll eat you alive!\" Grug shouted before noting others were following him. \"Are you ALL insane?!\" \"Hey at least they're the ones risking the hides instead of us.\" Gran shrugged. \"Maybe we should try and help them.\" suggested Eep. \"Don't worry Tiger girl we got this.\" Guy said with a confident smile before running to his family's tent and grabbed something. He came out with a cluster of vines tied together while the Bear Owl roared and tried swiping at nearby Tenties. They barely avoided the attacks before throwing the flaming sticks at its face. It roared in pain and tried swiping at the flames. \"You're mine beast!\" Chief bellowed. He yelled out while holding the spear out and tried jabbing at the animal in the side. It yelped and jumped away in response. It saw Guy running towards it and narrowed it's eyes before Guy tossed the vines at the animal before it came unfurled. The creature was tangled in the mess of vines not long after. \"Yes! My net worked!\" \"Bring it down!\" Chief ordered before the men tossed vines with loops and tried pulling the creature down. The Bear Owl roared and tried struggling against the binds, but it fell to the ground. \"No way!\" Thunk let out while the other Croods were too shocked to speak. \"Hurry! Finish it!\" Chief walked up to the creature as it looked up to him, teeth bared and anger in its eyes. \"Your meat will not go to waste.\" he said raising the spear. But the creature didn't seem intimidated one bit. \"Hmm. You have much courage to come here, especially with our numbers clear as the day.\" he lowered the spear before he took a knee and looked to creature in the eyes. The Bear Owl growled at Chief with the human raising his hand out near it's head. The Croods watched with bated breath as he reached his hand down through the net and rubbed it's neck. \"Wow, even I'm not that crazy.\" muttered Gran before the Bear Owl froze and its eyes widened. \"Easy now.\" He said before watching the anger in its eyes slowly vanished. \"Bring me some meat!\" Guy grabbed some meat on a stick before running over to them. \"Here you go dad.\" He took it and held it over the beasts nose. \"Now then, take a whiff of this.\" It narrowed it's eyes before sniffing at the meat and let out a growl of caution before Chief let it take a bite. When it did it's eyes widened. \"You like that huh?\" he smiled while letting it bite into more of it. \"You can get more of this you know, but only if you listen.\" He spoke and cut the vines. \"What are you doing?!\" spoke Eep with Grug moving over and grabbing a rock. Once the vines were cut the beast stood up before Chief tossed the meat in the air. It opened its mouth and gnashed at it before eating it with a purr. \"Good boy.\" he smiled before walking over and rubbed it's cheek. \"It's okay now everyone!\" The tenties lowered their spears while the Croods were blown away. \"What just happened?\" Asked Ugga. \"He's magic.\" Thunk smiled with a look of wonder in his eyes. \"Actually, he tamed it's heart.\" smiled Willow. \"Once a creature feels comfortable and is fed it tends to dull it's wild tendencies.\" \"Wow, that's amazing.\" smiled Eep before seeing Chief bring the beast closer. \"Come, he will not harm you.\" Eep wanted to reach out, but her father pulled her away. \"I think we've had enough excitement for one day, we should be going.\" \"But dad, I wanna pet it.\" \"It's time to go Eep.\" He said hauling her on his shoulder. \"Dad!\" she groaned before seeing Guy walk over with a smile. \"It was great having you all come over, maybe we can have it happen again some other day.\" Willow called out. \"We'd love that.\" Ugga called out before following Grug. \"Don't count on it.\" muttered Grug as the others followed away. \"I told you they were weird Ugga.\" \"Oh come on Grug, sure they had some new stuff that we've never seen before, but it wasn't too bad. A little off, but…. Okay the bear owl thing was new.\" \"See? Anything that's new like that can't be good.\" He stated firmly. \"What about the time we made naps?\" asked Thunk. \"Well, ok that was new, but it was very helpful and didn't endanger us. But all that fire, that 'net', and feeding a Bear Owl up close? We're just lucky we left before they got us all killed.\" \"Dad can you put me down now?\" \"Only after we get back to the cave and after you forget about that weird boy, I noticed how you kept staring at him.\" \"Uuuugh!\" she groaned. \"Sounds like Eeps got another crush.\" spoke Thunk with a gulp. \"Maybe we should have her sleep outside.\" \"Relax Thunk, it's the first crush that's most dangerous, any others after are much more minor.\" spoke Ugga. \"It was the same with me and Snort Slag.\" \"Who?\" \"Exactly.\" ","Summary":" (Have you ever had a day in your life where everything changed forever? I have. Hi my name is Eep C"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"The Moon Riddle","Author":"TeaOnFire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11280271","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Welp, this is my very first fanfiction story, so I would love any feedback on how I'm doing! If you would like to see what my characters really look like, please visit my DeviantArt. I'm SnowTheSlipper there. Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoy it! The first sign was in the trees. (It's always the trees; they're smarter than me.) Soon the grass was playing along, followed by rocks and shrubs and everything else on the ground. That includes me, by the way. Everything was shaking, and in a panic, I leapt up in the air. However, I didn't stay there for long—my small wings were not enough and I didn't have much instinct to keep me airborne. Thus, I crashed down to the ground within moments of catching air under my wings. Unfortunately, my extremely winter-thick fur wasn't ready to fall out quite yet, so I was extremely heavy and the opposite of aerodynamic. Even if the wind were to pick up, I couldn't hope to ride it. I stopped thinking about flying and started thinking about running for my life when a huge crack suddenly appeared in the ground with a deafening boom. I clapped my hands over my sensitive ears and took off running away from that direction, hoping that my family was doing the same. The cliff had split unbearably close to home. However, at that realization, I skidded in my tracks at the edge of the forest, and whirled around to run back across the field toward where my parents and siblings were—but another boom exploded just a short ways in front of me. I screamed, tears streaming down my face, and cried out, \"Mom! Dad!\" No response came except more of that booming and crackling. I started to back away, step by step, as the cracks spread. \"Lar! Slim!\" I sobbed, trying to be heard over it. I thought… was that an answer, or the screech of rock scraping rock? \" Mom !\" The ground bucked under me, and I sobbed, wiping my face with my furry forearm before turning tail and charging into the forest as fast as my little digits could carry me. My wings and tail seemed to catch on everything as I tried to escape that horrible world-crumbling. I ripped at foliage with my claws in desperation, flattening my ears against my head to keep from hitting them on stuff. I extended the claws on my toes as well for better traction, but nothing I did felt like enough. The world seemed to be dissolving right behind me, the ground falling down almost before I put my paws onto it… Then I was launched into the air as the ground surged like a wave in the sea. I screamed my lungs out as I was hurtled toward the jungle bordering to forest, trying to grab onto something—anything—before I crashed into the ground. I managed to catch myself in a tangle of vines, but then it turned out to be a trap, and I couldn't get out of them. I struggled harder and harder as panic mounted in me, and suddenly I couldn't breathe, and I tried to hack at the disgusting-tasting things with my teeth… but then the world went black around me, and I had to give up the fight when I could no longer move. Sleep came like an animal, whapping me over the head with palpable strength, forcing sleep and a major headache on my frazzled mind. The fear faded with everything else as I lost all consciousness. ~~~(Guy)~~~ When I woke up, everyone had already left, by the look of things. Only Belt and my bear-owl, Red, were still there. When Red realized that I was awake, she crooned happily and bounded over to me, licking my face. \"Ah! Hey!\" I exclaimed with a laugh. \"Good-morning to you, too!\" Belt grumbled at us both, apparently not done sleeping just yet. I continued to play around with Red, until I heard a voice calling my name from down the beach. \" Gu-uyy ,\" they called. \"Eep, is that you?\" I yelled back. \"Yes, are you awake now?\" Eep asked, barreling down the beach on all fours until she reached the cove and tackled me. \"Ah, you are, good. Come with me, I found something really weird.\" ~~~(Moon)~~~ I didn't sense the tree before I hit it. That's usually the way it goes. There's me, there's a tree, I hit the tree, the end. However, this time, I was higher than I had thought I was, and plummeted a good distance before actually hitting the ground. I groaned and brought my tail around into my lap, patting it until I found the smooth bit on the end. I rubbed the smooth bit gently, wondering if something was wrong with it. Then I tried to extend my wings, but they were snared by the plants around. I sighed disgustedly, hating the feel of greasy plants on my skin and fur, and decided it was time to get help. \"Kim!\" I yelled out toward the jungle. \"Kim! I'm stuck!\" I got no response, and growled softly to myself. \"Maybe I should have caught her some breakfast,\" I muttered to myself. \" Then she wouldn't go off by herself… Kim! \" ~~~(Eep)~~~ I heard the thing growling, and motioned for Guy to stop walking and look around the edge of the wall of plants. He nodded and peeked through, then gasped softly. I followed suit, wanting to get another glimpse at the… whatever it was. It, or maybe she , bent over a small pool in the ground, clawed hands outstretched as though to try and catch something. She had funny, furry legs, with very long feet, and stood on only her toes. She had a long, fluffy tail, and from her elbows to her fingers was more fur. Her ears were big and pointed and furry, shaped like a cat's. Her hair was long and curly, and was dark red with even darker streaks in it. She even had a pair of wings. She wore a slightly worn-looking animal-pelt dress over her top half, the strap of leather coming up over around her neck but not covering her slightly red, heavily freckled shoulders. Also, she looked like she was about the age of my brother—way too young to be out in the jungle all by herself. Suddenly she looked up and levelled her green-eyed gaze directly at us . We froze, but could tell that she saw us. Guy stood up slowly, and she responded by crouching low and backing up, spreading out her wings widely and generally looking like she was trying to be threatening. \"Shh, shh,\" guy said soothingly. \"Don't worry, we're not going to hurt you… look, we're people, like you… sort of like you…\" I stood up alongside him, looking at the \"girl\" on the ground. \"I'm Eep,\" I said. \"And this is Guy. And Belt.\" She narrowed her eyes at us, but I saw the claws on her fingers and toes retract slowly. \"I-I'm… Kim…?\" she said nervously, evidently unsure whether she should be talking to us. \"Well, Kim, looks like you need help catching some food. If you want, we could help you,\" Guy said, leveling his spear at the water in demonstration. She looked like she had no clue what the tool was for or what it could do. \"Here, watch.\" Guy stared at the water for a moment, and then deftly flicked his spear. Second only to my dad, he never missed a toss with the thing. He walked over and pulled it out of the water with a \"Ta-da!\" Kim's eyes went wide when she saw the fish impaled on the sharpened stone at the end of the stick. She inched a little closer, much the way I did when I walked on all fours. \"Here, you can have—hey!\" Guy started. Kim grabbed the fish with teeth that could only be classified as fangs, yanked it off the spear, and took off running into the jungle. \"Oh, no you don't,\" I said, and charged after her on my knuckles. Guy called after me, but I wasn't paying attention to him. The girl was fast, whatever she was, and her long arms combined with her strange legs gave her animal-like grace when dodging over and around stuff. She even bounded right of the trunks off trees a few times. She suddenly changed directions with a gasp, dropping the fish and running almost twice as fast. I scooped up the fish as I ran by, putting it in my bag and dropping back to all fours in hot pursuit. She screamed out, \"Moon!\" and I was confused instantly. What was she talking about? I stopped running and hid in the bushes, not about to let her know that I had kept up with her. \"Moon? Where are you?! Moon!\" she cried, screeching to a halt in a large clearing. She looked around wildly, obviously panicking. \"Moon! Where did you go?!\" \"Hey, are you looking for someone?\" I asked, approaching slowly. \"Someone like you?\" \"Y-yes,\" Kim said, backing away from me. Her ears went back, like a scared animal's. \"H-he's… Moon. I c-can't live without him!\" \"Why not?\" \"He's… he lights up. At night. He keeps the dark away… I hate the dark… and he can't live by himself, either! I have to find him before he gets hurt!\" \"Hey, I'm sure he'll be fine for a little bit,\" I said, putting my hands on her shoulders. \"Tell you what. I'll help you. My family can help you find him; let's go get them looking.\" \"N-no, you don't understand… I can't… the jungle…\" \"Hey,\" I said insistently. \"We'll find him. And maybe you two can stay with us. We're good at surviving.\" \"I'm not,\" she whispered. ~~~(Kim)~~~ That night, around the campfire, I told the Croods my story. I told them about living with my parents and my eight siblings on the gathering lands on the edge of the Gray Forest, and about the cracking of the world that chased me into the jungles. \"I've lived out here for two or three winters,\" I said. \"I met Moon, my friend, during the first one. We never really get along, but… when he found me, I was starving. He helped me, and I learned that I could help him, too. We need each other, so… that's why I need your help to find him tomorrow.\" \"Why does he need your help?\" the small boy, Thunk, asked. \"He has a weird problem,\" I said. \"He says that everything looks the same to him. Light and dark, or different colours, or where things are—he can't tell anything. His eyes are sick. He says that it has always been that way for him. So, I can help him, and be like the good eyes he doesn't have. And he knows how to find food and water and stuff, so he helps me with that.\" \"How come… you don't get along?\" Ugga, the mother of the three children, asked tentatively, a concerned look on her face. \"Oh, It's not like we don't like each other,\" I said, putting my paws up. Then I held my face in those same paws and stared at the fire, thinking. \"It's… he teases me too much is all. He always does dangerous stuff when I tell him not to, and won't listen when I tell him he shouldn't do something. He doesn't really listen to me at all. Also… he's the sort of person who always moves around. I grew up in a cave-maze. He always wants to get moving, keep walking, wake up at the crack of dawn and stay out way too late… he's not like me at all. So we argue a lot.\" \"Hmm,\" she smiled with her eyes at me. \"You two are probably good for each other.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" I asked, looking up at her. \"Oh, nothing,\" she said, and winked at Eep across the fire. \"Hey, how old is Moon?\" \"Oh… I think he's only a few winters older than I am,\" I said, counting on my fingers. \"He told me how many winters he saw, once, but I don't remember exactly…\" \"That's alright. I just wanted a general idea. Now, how about we all go to sleep? We have looking to do tomorrow.\" I opted for sleep on the ground rather than in one of their hummocks. No one needed to forfeit their bed for me when I slept on the ground normally anyway, I told them. I made myself a little nest out of sand and filled it with fresh leaves and grasses, and then curled up inside, staring up at the stars and thinking of Moon. Where could you have gone? I wondered. I told you I was coming back… why can't you just listen to me once in a while? I got no answers from the stars.[Chapter 2] A/N: Hooray, chapter 1 is up! Hopefully it's more exciting; chapter 0 was mostly just there to explain stuff. It's time for flashbacks, I'll mention, which is going to happen in almost every chapter for a while. It took me a long time to get this up, but hopefully, I can get a schedule going within the next couple chapters. See you then! I woke up to waves lapping at my heels. Confused, I sat up slowly and shook sand out of my wings, looking down at where my feet stuck straight outward from the inflexible lower joint. I yawned hugely, letting out a doglike whine, and did a quick once-over on the fur of my forearms. I straightened my arms up over my head, stretching, and then rolled on my back to stretch my legs in the air. Because of the way they were built, my legs never went out totally straight. When I was done, I stood up, dusted off my legs, and walked toward where the Croods' beds were, brushing my paw pads off on each other. \"Ah, good morning!\" said a voice. I looked up and saw Guy there, sitting in a tree. \"I see you're an early riser.\" \"Yeah… Moon usually wakes me up before now though… hey, where'd everybody go?\" \"For breakfast,\" he said, and pointed off toward the south. \"Come up here, I'll show you where they are.\" I hooked my claws in the bark of the tree and scrambled up it like a monkey, using my tail to grip branches and my wings for balance. I crouched on the branch next to Guy and followed his gaze, and saw them down the beach. It looked like they were riding on the backs of a pair of large creatures, and they were chasing after something else. \"What're they hunting?\" I asked curiously. \"It's hard to see from here.\" \"Want to join them?\" Guy asked. \"Well… sure.\" ~~~(Eep)~~~ It was taking a while to run the bird down. It really didn't want to be caught by Red or Chunky, and though I could understand why , chasing it up and down the beach endlessly was getting rather old. Red was starting to growl irritatedly, showing that she felt similarly about the whole situation. But then, all of a sudden, the bear-owl reared up on her hind paws and let loose a roar, scaring the hedgebird back toward where we were camped. \"Red!\" I exclaimed in surprise. \"What's wrong with—… woah.\" Out of nowhere, it seemed, the tall animal girl surged across the beach toward the creature, claws outstretched and fangs bared. The bird nearly tripped over itself in attempt to stop when she let loose a vicious-sounding cry of \"Rr rawr !\" Too late to avoid her, the bird screeched in vain as Kim pounced like a cat at its neck. Now that the target was not moving, my brother and I threw our spears into it, killing it instantly. Then, Kim, Chunky, and Red all dragged it toward our campfire together so that we could roast it. Thunk and I ran ahead to alert Mom, Dad, Gran, and Guy that the food was ready to be cooked and to set up a bigger fire. \"She's pretty awesome,\" I said to Guy as I reached him. \"You saw her stop the bird, right?\" \"Yeah, I saw. She was great. I didn't know she would do that, though.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, based on when we talked last night, I thought she would be too timid for taking on a bird like that.\" \"Eh, what can I say? We girls are the tough ones.\" \"Ha.\" The bird was delicious, of course, but the real excitement was when Thunk and I told our parents about Kim's help in the hunt. Thunk seemed particularly enthusiastic about telling the story, so about halfway in, I sat back and let him do it. However, Kim herself seemed rather detached from the whole conversation, and was nibbling on a fair-sized portion of meat absently as she stared out at the jungle. I crawled up to her side, and said softly, \"You okay?\" \"Yeah,\" she said, even more softly. \"Just worried since I haven't heard him calling yet.\" \"Is he super loud?\" I asked playfully, pantomiming making my voice louder with cupped hands. She giggled, I was gratified to hear. \"No, he's just… super whiny . And he gets himself into lots of places he can't get out of,\" she said, turning to look at my face. \"That's why I'm so scared. He might be stuck in a bush or a tree or somewhere awful right now, and I can't do anything to help him… and he'd have no idea that I was not nearby, not for a long time.\" \"Why not?\" \"He's just a little slow.\" \"Hopefully we'll find him soon, then.\" \"Yeah… I'd hate it if he had to worry about me. It's usually the other way around, and… I have no idea what it would be like for him. Worried about me. I'm the careful one.\" \"Is he not very careful?\" \"He's nuts, if you ask me.\" I laughed. \"Come now, eat your breakfast. You've earned it, and you need strength to help us in the search.\" \"Of course,\" she said, and then scarfed her food fast enough to make any caveman proud. I moved away from her to get more food as she licked residues off of her claws. I even brought her some more, which she readily accepted from my hand. It eerily reminded me of feeding my bear-owl, and I shook my head to rid that thought from my head. Kim was a person, not an animal, even if her looks said otherwise. \"Hey Kim, how's your hearing?\" Guy whispered behind his hand when I sat next to him. \"Very good,\" Kim said, not even looking in our direction. \"Why?\" \"I thought that if we went out into the woods and hollered for Moon, you would be able to hear him respond and point us in the right direction,\" Guy said at regular volume. \"Think you could do that?\" \"Easy,\" Kim grinned, looking pleased about the situation for the first time. \"How soon can we get started?\" \"Right after we finish this—nevermind,\" Thunk said, shrugging off his previous statement as Gran gobbled up the last of the meat off the bird's bones. Ugga, smiling, said, \"Okay, Grug—are we all going?\" \"Yeah, I say we should stick together, so that no-one gets lost in the jungle,\" Grug said, walking up to Kim with a curious expression on his face. \"Alright, Kim, where should we start?\" \"Umm… around our last camping place,\" Kim said, nodding when she made the decision. \"That's where I last saw him. He had just come back from a pond when I woke up… he was eating breakfast… and I set out to get myself some. Then Eep and Guy found me, and when I ran back to camp, he was gone. So camp is where we should start calling.\" \"Remind me of the fellow's name again,\" Gran said, popping up next to Kim and making the blue-furred girl jump. \"Moonstone,\" she said. \"Moonstone Riddle is his full name. But you can just call him Moon, like I do, and he'll know you're with me.\" \"Why does he have such a long name?\" I asked. \"That's weird.\" \"I don't know, why do you have such short names?\" Kim replied sassily. \"Wha—yours is short too!\" I retorted. \"No it isn't,\" Kim said. \"My nickname is Kim. My real name is Kimmerald Silkie.\" \"Well—\" \"Okay, enough,\" Guy intervened, evidently trying not to laugh as he did. \"Let's get going, shall we? We're going to run out of daylight.\" Kim muttered something under her breath. The only word I caught was \"glow.\" ~Some years earlier…~ ~~~(Moon)~~~ I heard footsteps approaching again, slow and deliberate. It was a creature of soft paws and two legs, I could tell by the softness of sound and the increments between steps. I wrapped my wings around myself tightly, trying to protect myself… but the steps stopped as I did. \"H-hello?\" asked a voice. There was strain and fear and pleading in it. \"Please don't run away… I promise I'm not trying to hurt you…\" The voice was female, and younger than I expected. Much younger. Although I admit I wasn't expecting to hear a voice at all in the first place, and I had to wonder whether this was a person, like me. It hurt to hear the mounting panic in her voice… what was she so scared of? \"P-please… I need your help,\" she said, sounding more terrified by the minute. \"Please, I'm so scared of the dark. I hate the dark. Please don't hide from me.\" Slowly, moving as quietly as possible, I unwrapped my wings and started to stand up in order to creep away, knowing that somehow this time—night, I think it was called—made it harder for things to follow other things. I didn't understand why that was, but I knew it to be so. Then I heard the girl nearby gasp. \"Th-thank you!\" she said, relief coming into the mixture of feelings I could sense from her. Confused, I froze. What had I done to deserve her thanking me? \"Wh-what?\" I asked. \"You… you make the dark go away,\" she said softly, and started moving closer slowly. \"What… what is the dark? Why do you hate the dark?\" I asked cautiously. \"What do you mean, what's the dark?\" she replied, almost laughing. She still sounded terrified. \"I don't know what the dark is,\" I said firmly, taking one or two steps backward before inconveniently running into a tree. \"Ow!\" I cried as my tail got crunched by said tree. \"How do you not know?\" she asked, confused. \"It's when it's hard to see. Because the sun is gone, and there is no light at night. Don't you know the difference?\" \"No, I don't,\" I said. Then I jumped as furry hands touched me, one on my chest and the other on my face. I sensed that the girl was studying my face carefully. \"H-hey, stop it,\" I protested. \"I don't like being touched without warning.\" \"You don't…? Oh. Oh!\" she exclaimed suddenly, backing away in a startled manner. Even while not touching me, I could feel her body heat close to me. Suddenly I wanted to touch her. \"You can't see? Your eyes are sick?\" \"I don't know. All I've ever known is just… this,\" I said, gesturing around blindly with my hands. \"Nothing. I can feel stuff… and run into stuff… and I can hear really good. But I can't… what do you call it… see. I can't see anything. Everything looks the same, eyes open or eyes closed.\" \"Oh… that's awful. How are you still alive? Do you have friends who glow in the dark like you?\" \"No, I don't have people,\" I said. It was true. \"I, umm… wouldn't know about glowing in the dark. What is that?\" \"Your stripes, here,\" she said, touching my thigh with her finger. She traced out a pattern or two on it, which felt similar to the way tree bark felt. It tickled, too, when her finger danced across the fur on my leg. Then she moved her hand to my forearm, rubbing over designs there too. \"They are like… like the sun was behind them. They make the dark into light, at night.\" \"Okay… I don't know what the sun is.\" \"It's… in the sky. I don't know. It's round and bright light, and it makes things warm up, too. I think. It's always warmer when the sun is in the sky then when it isn't. Sometimes clouds cover it up, and it's darker, but not dark like night.\" \"Ah… I don't know what the sky is, or what clouds are, but it doesn't matter. I… I'm Moonstone. Moonstone Riddle. What's your name?\" \"Kimmerald Silkie.\" \"Hello, Kimmerald.\" \"Hello, Moonstone.\" Suddenly her arms wrapped around my bare torso, her fur tickling me, and her skin feeling cool and soft against mine. Her torso seemed to have fur on it, but it felt different. Like clothes. I had clothes, too—a loincloth, my parents called it, which went around my waist—so I knew what they were. Sort of. And, since she invited me, I put my arms back around her and started touching her all over. Her hair, long and curly and soft; her shoulders, bare skin; her neck and face and furry ears; then I went downward, finding a fluffy tail and digitigrade legs like my own. She giggled as my fingers danced lightly over her, never staying on one place for more than an instant. When I straightened back up, she hugged me again, and I let my hands still, one on her back and the other fondling her hair subconsciously. I liked the feel of her hair immensely. It was like nothing I had ever touched. Actually, Kimmerald herself was nothing like anything I had ever touched, except possibly myself. She was so soft, warm and delicate and so very, very soft. Suddenly a notion occurred to me. \"Hey, you aren't freaking out,\" I pointed out. \"Most things freak out when I touch them. Don't you feel weird with me touching you?\" \"Well, kind of,\" she replied after a moment. \"It's a little weird… but since you can't see with your eyes, I figure that touching is like seeing with your fingers. I don't really mind... no-one's touched me in many winters… but don't do it again without asking. Now you know what I feel like, so hands off.\" I couldn't help smiling at her growing confidence with me. I found that I liked the ornery way she spoke to me now that she was comfortable instead of terrified. Right then, I resolved never to run away from her again. I would help her live in the dark, and she might even help me live in my blindness. I wasn't sure how that would work, or what would happen if I tried to take her with me. All I knew was that I was never going to hear her speak so fearfully again, not if I had anything to say about it. ~A few years later…~ \"Consarnit, Moon!\" I grinned hugely and tightened my grip around my friend's chest from where I hung upside-down behind her, my face pressed into the small of her back as she struggled to get away. Kim wasn't exactly a fan of how I pranked her. She never expected it, much to my amusement—she should have figured out by now that being blind didn't hinder me in ambushing her. \"Hey, stop it with the elbows,\" I protested, laughing, as she drove those appendages into my elongated torso. I noted then that she was laughing, too, and proceeded to tickle under her arms, causing her to go limp and then jerk wildly as she shrieked with laughter and redoubled her efforts to escape me. Later, as night came on, Kim complained about tired lungs (from all the laughing I made her do) and somehow managed to convince me not to move on tonight. I was a little peeved at having to stay in the same camp we'd been in for a full sun-cycle already, but her excuse was technically my fault, so I knew I couldn't push her. It wasn't at all fair to either of us. What also wasn't fair was that she refused to build a fire, thus preventing my leave during the night. I would be doing no rounds about the camp to satisfy my need to move. She further blocked me by shoving me into a hollow spot at the base of a tree and proceeding to cuddle into me, laying in my lap and leaning into me, her head on my chest and her arms around me loosely. She was asleep almost as soon as she had us situated, and I had no escape. It felt like payback for trapping her in my arms earlier, and I could feel a sense of irony in the whole situation. Kim was smart, I'd give her that. Too smart, even, sometimes. Sighing with respect and annoyance at the same time, I resigned myself to sleep right there for the night… and wake her up as early as possible to avenge myself. However, even as I plotted this revenge, I found myself curling protectively around the stubborn girl, tangling one hand in her hair and tightening the other arm around her waist, holding her tightly against myself with the subconscious urges to make sure she stayed safely near to me. She told me time and time again that I was clingy. I guess I proved that to myself as I wrapped my wings around her to stop her shivering, and buried my face in the top of her head, breathing her scent deeply so that I would know the instant I stopped smelling her and wake up. There was no way she would leave my side while I slept, and for once, she wasn't awake to complain about my \"paranoid\" efforts. When I didn't fall asleep, I had plenty of time to realize how comfortable I was with the smaller person clutched against my body. Usually we didn't sleep together l like this; one on each side of the fire was our normal arrangement for when both of us were sleeping, which in itself was a strange occurrence. We had cuddled together when we slept in the trees in the past, but never because we wanted to. It was necessary in the trees to hold onto each other so that we would both wake up if one of us fell out. So, it came as a surprise when Kim plopped herself down on top of me tonight. I tried not to overthink it, which was hard. She did it so that I wouldn't roam, I told myself. But part of me didn't want to believe that. In the morning, I ended up letting her sleep in, which made me feel confused at myself. I snoozed off in the darkness that was Planet Moon, listening with half a mind to the sounds of the morning creatures making their morning sounds. That was how I determined the time, since it was always dark in my universe. Later I heard Kim's breathing change, showing that she had woken up on her own—before midmorning, at that, which surprised and pleased me. What didn't please me was that if she was awake, she was going to complain about how tightly I held her, or about my fingers snared in her hair, or whatever else that bothered her, and she would get up—but then she didn't. I knew she was awake, and I think she knew that I knew she was awake, but she didn't say a word or make a move to get away. In fact, I think she deliberately nuzzled her face into my neck a little. After a while, I asked softly, \"Kimmy?\" \"Mm,\" she moaned softly, sounding so comfortable and happy that butterflies started dancing in my stomach. \"What is it, Moon?\" \"I… nothing,\" I sighed, absentmindedly rubbing her scalp gently with my fingers. I decided that I didn't mind not moving this morning as long as I didn't have to let go of Kim, and my unseeing eyes shut slowly. \"Just want to… say good morning.\" \"Oh, Moon… I wanna say good night .\" I smiled, and was slightly surprised when I physically felt her lips move as she did the same. A warm tingle ran through me, and I had to stomp on the urge to say something flirty. She hated when I said something flirty, and I really didn't want her to get up. My wings tightened around her slightly as that thought ran through my head, but she apparently didn't mind. \"Are we going further North today?\" she asked minutes later, still sounding sleepy. \"Not if you don't want to move from this spot,\" I said before I could stop myself. I cringed inwardly, for she might think I was trying to flirt with her… but she seemed not to take it that way, thankfully. \"Okay, well, we have to move eventually… to hunt and stuff…\" she yawned. She was clearly feeling similarly to me about travel, at least for now. \"We can hunt at night, can't we?\" I teased. \"You want to stay here all day?\" she asked, mock-incredulous. \"You don't?\" I replied, mimicking her tone of voice. She chuckled, and moved one arm from the hug she had been giving me. I didn't know what she was doing until she propped herself up on her elbows, giggling, with her paws on my cheeks. I smiled warmly at her, but left my own eyes shut, as I didn't know where to look. I gently removed my hand from her hair to put it on her cheek, simultaneously sliding my other hand up her side and over her shoulder to do the same thing with it. I felt a little weird stroking her like that, but she didn't mind when I did, because she attributed it to my being blind. Kim spread her wings a little from their folded position, knocking the tent made by my wings down off of us. I let my wings fold in slightly by reflex, not bothering to move them on purpose. Kim took a breath as though to say something… but then she hesitated before, apparently, deciding not to speak. She leaned in and gently touched her forehead to mine for a moment, then sat up, fingertip pads lingering on my chest. Her motion made my hands drop to her shoulders. \"Moon,\" she said, but then stopped again. She clearly had something she needed to say to me, but didn't really want to say it aloud. I let my hands go loose to gravity, allowing them to slide down from her shoulders to her wrists, where they rested in the fact that they didn't have to use any energy. I opened my eyes uselessly, thinking it might coax the words from her mouth. It didn't. \"Kimmerald,\" I said softly and firmly, and I sensed that she did her best to meet my gaze. \"Kim. It's okay if you don't wanna say anything.\" \"I do want to,\" she protested, lifting her hands and then putting them down atop mine. \"I just don't know how to word what I want to say.\" \"That's fine; you don't have to worry about it. I'm pretty confident in my ability to understand you.\" \"Heh,\" she gave a weak chuckle. I was fairly sure she was still looking at me. \"I just… em… Can you—can we sleep together more? Please? It's so much nicer than the fire and I… I don't know. I want to—to say something else. I don't know how. And I liked last night. It was so… I don't know… it was nice, Moon, and I felt so much safer with you there.\" I blinked slowly, and then nodded. \"Kimmy,\" I said, \"I'm glad you felt safe with me. That was the idea, I think. We… we can do that more often. Just not every night. I have to move, you know.\" \"I know,\" she said. She sounded somewhere between pleased and sad. \"I still think it's ridiculous that you push your limits all the time—\" \"Just because I can't see—\" \"—even so, I understand that you need to do what you need to do. It's your problem if you get gobbled up while I'm asleep anyway,\" she said jokingly. \"… I'm not going to get gobbled.\" \"Just you wait. It'll happen one of these nights.\" \"It's always night in here.\" \"Don't change the subject.\" ~Back in the present…~ I ceased howling sometime during the night, hoping that at least my glowing stripes would lead my friend to me when my panicked cries did not. No such luck. Kim didn't come, not all that night, not in the morning. I was beyond worried about her at this point. What if she was hurt? What if she was looking for me, but we were too far apart? Would Kim and I ever find each other if she went searching the wrong way? I berated myself again and again over leaving her to find food alone. How could I have been so stupid? At one point during the day I thought I heard cries of a language I understood, but they were far off and distorted. I started crying for Kim again, feeling ridiculously like some kind of baby cat calling for its mother, but my voice was beginning to fail me. Desperate now to make sure I was heard, I howled and howled until my voice ran out completely. Consarnit, I thought to myself, you stupid, useless voice. How dare you run out on me when I need you to call Kim? I guess I wasn't heard, because the sound I thought was a voice was swallowed by the jungle sounds and I didn't hear it again. When morning stretched and became afternoon, the hunger set in. I sat there uselessly in that tangle of vines, unable to catch anything to eat and not looking forward to the thirst which was sure to start nagging at my empty stomach soon. I had come to depend on Kim for finding water, since she was so much better at it than I, and since I was so lost, I had no idea where to start—if I could even get out of the trap I was in. I let loose a weak little whine, hoping against hope that Kim would find me soon. ~~~(Kim)~~~ The day was unfruitful, which frustrate and worried me to no end. I became snappy and unsociable and I knew it, but I didn't care. In fact, the only thing I did care about was finding my glowing companion, before something else did. Even as the Croods, who had been so helpful and nice to me, were starting to head back in the direction of their camp, I lingered in the jungle, unwilling to give up. I climbed trees and raced around through the undergrowth for hours into the night, not noticing until way late that they had all gone except Eep, who still followed me around sleepily. I collapsed into the whole in the base of a huge tree that I recognized as the spot where Moon and I had cuddled on purpose for the first time, more than a winter ago now. I crawled into it like a wounded animal and curled up in Moon's spot to cry. Eep sat down next to me and rubbed my shoulder comfortingly, which sent ghost-tingles up my side where I so distinctly remembered Moon stroking me in his sleep and then when he woke up, too. I realized right then, way late, what the expression on his face that had so confused me had actually been, and then I bawled afresh. It was horrible. I couldn't stop myself from going through my memory, finding other moments in it where Moon had acted oh-so-slightly off and I had felt the same way as that night—and I realized that I hadn't realized what I had in Moon before I lost him. It made me feel like someone was squeezing my heart, cold and tight and merciless. How could I have been so blind? Ironic that I couldn't see, when he's the blind one, not me, I thought. I couldn't sleep here. I wanted to sleep, but the memories held in this little nook were too much for me, and I ran out into the night again in search of those beautiful glowing stripes. I couldn't rest until I found him, or at least my mind couldn't. I felt like I would never relax again until I found Moon and said what I had failed to, back in that spot, a year ago. I had to explain something to him, something important to me and potentially to him, and I needed to do it as soon as I was able. I had to.[Chapter 3] Okay, here's chapter 2, in all its mushy glory. I hope you all enjoy it. Now that this mini-arc is over, I can start on the more serious stuff in the next chapter. I know it probably feels a little fast, but the stuff in this chapter was never meant to be the main part of the story. You'll understand the description of the story a little later. See you then! I was vaguely aware of being lifted in the air, but I wasn't paying much attention to anything right then. I was too tired and hungry to care where Moon might be taking me. I turned inward slightly, pushing my cheek up against his chest, near where I had painted on him earlier in the day. I felt him fondling my shoulder, where he held onto me, with a certain familiarity which I had noticed him cultivate over the past few seasons. He never seemed surprised when I touched him anymore, or when he touched me. His big, furry hands knew every inch of me now—well, mostly. He never asked where his hand was anymore, and he seemed to be able to reach his target far more easily than he used to. Occasionally he would try to touch my face but miss by a few inches, so I would have to lean into it, but he was getting better and better. It was strange, if only because of how natural it felt. Moon carried her quite a distance before he sat down carefully on something, holding me in his lap still. I let my head rest on his shoulder as he rubbed my back gently. \"Kimmy, how do you feel?\" he asked me softly, rubbing his cheek on my forehead in order to check my temperature. I groaned in response and subconsciously nuzzled into his neck. I was feeling pretty terrible, actually, to the point where I couldn't answer around the lump in my throat. \"Oh, Kimmy,\" Moon sighed, hugging me gently. \"You never know when to give in, do you?\" \"Mm-mm,\" I agreed to the negative. \"Never.\" \"Well, what am I supposed to do to help you, silly? I can't find herbs by myself and you can't do much of anything when you're sick.\" \"I'll tough it out,\" I said. \"Uh-huh. Have fun with that.\" \"Hold me,\" I complained, wrapping my arm around his neck and my tail around his leg in my desperation to put as much of my body as possible against his. Only he could comfort me now. \"You'll see. I can do it without eating nasty herbs…\" \"They may be nasty, but they're good for you. You probably wouldn't get sick if you ate your—what was the word you used?\" \"Greens,\" I said, chuckling. \"Consarnit, you're delirious,\" he muttered under his breath, which was ineffective because his mouth was right by my ear. I flicked my ear in his face to let him know, although he was probably aware of it anyway because he was so familiar with me. \"Whatever, your greens ; you should eat them.\" I wanted to stick my tongue out at him, but this time he would know it because it would touch him— and, it would be gross if I licked him. I pushed my forehead into his neck a bit more and grumbled, \"I'm not listening to you anymore…\" \"Of course not. When did you start listening to me?\" \"Very funny, Moon.\" \"Some not-listening skills there. How can you reply if you aren't listening, Kimmy?\" \"Bite me,\" I replied, flattening my free ear against my hair. \"That is a very immature response,\" he pointed out. \"What makes you expect something different?\" \"You're still listening.\" I got over the gross factor and dragged my tongue across his neck, making him squirm. He made a sound of disgust and protested, \"Hey, you're going to make me sick.\" \"Nooo…\" \"Hey, don't you go to sleep. Sleep makes you work slower and you need to get healthy.\" \"Whatev… er…\" I yawned hugely in the middle of the word, and then nuzzled back into his neck, not minding that my saliva was still there. I felt him shudder a little. \"Eww wwww ,\" he complained. \"Now I really know you're sick.\" I merely giggled, easily amused in my feverish state of mind. ~Back in the present…~ I was in a hummock when I woke up the next afternoon, which was confusing and unsurprisingly painful for my legs. I started to try to get out of it but yowled and froze as my sore muscles locked up in protest to my motion. Apparently, I ran around the jungle for longer than I was aware of myself last night. They must have carried me back… but where are they now? I looked around for the Croods, seeing none of them… except Belt, I noticed, who was snoring softly right near to the head of the hummock. I picked him up gently in my paws, lifting him near to my face. He made a tiny groaning sound and slowly blinked his eyes open. When he saw my eyes mere inches from his own, he squealed in surprise and flinched back, then seemed to remember who I was. \"Sorry,\" I whispered, breath blowing back the fur on his face. He shrugged, sighing, as if to say, 'Whatever.' \"Where is everyone?\" He pointed down the beach, to the North. \"Are they hunting?\" Belt nodded, and then shook his head. \"Meaning…?\" Belt made a circle with his claws and looked pointedly at me, clearly expecting me to understand. Weirdly enough, I did. \"Moon.\" ~A few days later…~ Their method of searching seemed far more efficient than mine; however, my patience wore thin. I told myself again and again that it wasn't their fault that our efforts were unsuccessful, but it was hard to get around the mounting panic as we continually failed to find him. Moon couldn't find water by himself, I knew all too well, and what if he was stuck somewhere? He wouldn't be eating either if he was trapped in a tree or under a snare vine or captured by some beast. My mind unhelpfully continued to imagine all kinds of events that may have occurred, when I was awake or asleep, resulting in the appearance of Grumpy Kimmy, who hadn't emerged since my second year with Moon. It was very frustrating. Ugga seemed to notice the presence of Grumpy Kimmy first, and she suggested I take it out by hunting. Thus, I was pulled into the job, becoming a regular on all the family's hunting parties. I was often an ambusher—they'd chase the target toward me and I would attack it with all I had. Unsurprisingly, and to Ugga's pleasure, the hunting did help with my mood most of the time. Not today. Today I had woken bright and early with the rest of them, feeling happy, for we were finally at the point where we were searching a ring of territory that was almost exactly the same distance as Moon's average fly-this-far-without-crashing-into-a-tree range from the campsite we had started covering rings around. However, the search wore on through the day, and no-one sounded their signal horns. I didn't find hair or hide of my friend, and when evening light started to make itself clear through the trees, I told my partner, Thunk, \"You might want to just head home now.\" \"What? Why?\" he asked, throwing his shell for the umpteenth time for his pet Croconine to fetch. \"Get it, Douglas! Why should I go home, Kim? We've got lots of time left. Good boy, Douglas.\" \"Because I don't want you to follow me into the next ring and then get tired,\" I said, standing up on my legs for the first time in hours to stretch. \"So, unless you've got lots of energy left…\" \"Oh, we'll be fine. Right, Douglas? You wanna help Kimmy some more, Douglas? Yeah? Okay Kim, we're in.\" I shrugged, sighing at Thunk's nonchalant manner, and said, \"Okay, if you say so… c'mon, let's get further out. We should go East—it's perpendicular to Moon's original route, and away from the beach, which means it's the most likely path he took. Remember to keep an eye out for high-hanging vine clusters where he might be stuck.\" \"Okay, Kim… what's per-pen-licky-lar?\" \"Perpendicular,\" I corrected automatically. \"It's one of Moon's words. He said it's… like trees. See how the trunks go up, and the branches go side-to-side? Moon says the trunks are parallel to each other, and the trunks are perpendicular to the branches. So, East-and-West is perpendicular to North-and-South. Get it?\" \"Not really… but I get the trees part. They make that shape that's almost the same in all the trees. Is that it? This?\" Thunk asked, making a cross with his two arms. \"Yes,\" I said, nodding. \"Very good. Now, let's take a turn this way and go a little deeper into the woods, 'kay?\" \"Sh-shouldn't we signal that we're going deeper first?\" \"Nah, they'll figure it out on their own.\" \"Okay. C'mon, Douglas.\" ~Later…~ \"There! Oh! That's him!\" I surged forward on all fours, racing to the faintly glowing heap of a person. Moon was trapped under a bush, one crawling with snare vines and with \"licker-leggers,\" which was Moon's term for huge, greasy leaves that stuck to anything that touched them like frog spit. I knew he hated those things. I cried out for Thunk to help me move the plants as I clawed at them frantically, trying to get to Moon. I heard Moon groan softly as I reached him. I picked up his upper half, cradling his head in one hand and supporting his back with the other. His wings were strewn about haphazardly, so I stuck two fingers into the pressure point Moon had shown me a long time ago which made our wings close up by reflex, getting nearly instant results from it. I brushed the hair off of Moon's forehead and discovered that his temperature was warmer than I had ever felt it. I looked closely at his hair, which was mostly coloured with a couple white streaks, opposite of his fur. Then I looked at his stripes. Was it the tears in my eyes, or was that vibrant blue looking sickly and yellow-green? His skin, mostly his face actually, was red. \"Oh, Moon,\" I sighed, trying desperately to hold back sobs as the tears streamed down my face. \"Why did I ever let you out of my sight? You poor thing…\" \"K-Kim…?\" I had never been so happy to hear his voice. Except maybe the first time he spoke to me. \"Is he okay?\" Thunk asked, looking very concerned. \"He's got the sun in his hair…\" \"It's not the sun, it's—\" \"Fire?\" \"No, not fire. He glows. Haven't you seen glow-bugs?\" \"No.\" \"Well… whatever. Thunk, can you please go get the others? Tell them we found him, and tell them I need help, fast. He's sick, very sick. Oh, and leave Douglas here.\" \"I—o-okay,\" Thunk said, eyes widening. He backed up out of the thicket we had made, then turned around and bolted, shouting, \"Stay, Douglas!\" \"Wh-who… who is that?\" Moon asked weakly. His hand moved slightly toward mine, so I clasped it gently to save him the trouble of moving. \"That's Thunk. He's a Crood. The Croods are people, like us… sort-of like us. They helped me find you.\" \"Mm,\" he murmured, a tiny smile playing at his lips. I rearranged my legs carefully, trying to get from the crouch into a more comfortable position. I then moved my hand out of his weak clutch to his face, brushing his hair back again… and then my hand decided to stay on his face, straying to touch him the way he had to me which I had never tried before. I closed my eyes as I gently ran my fingers over him, trying to pretend I was blind and this was the way I saw people. It felt so weird. My paw pads danced over him, tracing his jawline, tickling his nose, rubbing his eyebrows—I even ghosted my finger across his lips, making him smile again. \"What are you doing now…?\" \"I'm trying to be like you,\" I said. \"I'm just touching, with my eyes closed.\" \"Why?\" The question made me stop, my fingers stopping where they rested atop his pointed-but-small-and-fleshy ear. \"I… I don't know,\" I admitted at length. \"I just… want to. Do you mind?\" \"No, I don't mind…\" \"Okay,\" I whispered. Then I remembered the Croconine. \"Douglas, can you please catch something to eat nearby and bring it here? Like a Mouphant or something?\" The Croconine obediently turned around and stalked off into the jungle. I went back to exploring Moon's face, this time keeping my eyes open, before I suddenly wanted nothing more than to start pouring out my heart to him. I had kept my mouth shut for too long, I thought. I started to order my words carefully, opened my mouth after formulating my thoughts, and— A shell signal shattered the night-time sounds. It was very close. I took my shell out from where I had stored it in my hair earlier… and noticed that Moon had stiffened at the sound. \"It's okay, Moon,\" I said soothingly. \"It's a signaler. I have one too. I'm gonna blow it, and it'll make a noise, okay? It's just to tell them where we are. It's okay.\" Then I blew the shell as gently as possible to keep it relatively quiet. Moon scowled at the noise and promptly buried his face in my stomach in silent protest. Soon the Croods arrived, almost simultaneously with Douglas and the small bird he had killed. I tore the bird to ribbons with my claws in an instant and started feeding it to Moon, and I slowly introduced Moon to each of them, matching their name with their hand. He voiced his confusion when he touched the first hand, Guy's, because it had no fur. I told him that they were all like that. He touched each of their hands with both of his own, chewing on strips of bird meat and muttering their names to himself over and over until he announced that he had learned the names of each of them by hand. Then, unexpectedly, he fainted. It took me, Grug, and Guy to carry him because he was so big, but we managed to get him back to camp. I filled my nest with an extra layer of grass and fuzzy-sided leaves, and then we moved Moon from the sand into the nest. I thanked them all profusely, crying once more as I did. Then I crawled down into the sand-pit nest next to Moon, cuddling up against his chest and burying myself in him as much as I possibly could. He woke up sometime in the middle of the night and shook me awake gently, and asked me weakly for some water. I reached up out of the nest for a canteen which I had put there for this purpose, and sat up, propping his torso against myself so that I could dribble it into his mouth. Then, I realized that the mouth of the canteen was too wide—he would choke if I tried to pour it, no matter how slowly I did. He begged for it, however, and I was forced to think fast. I curled my tongue habitually as I tried to work around the problem… then it came to me suddenly, and I poured water into my own mouth. I turned his face toward mine, and leaned down slightly, pressing my mouth up against his carefully. With the water in my cheek, I forced his lips apart and let the water dribble oh-so-slowly down his throat, blocking the brunt of it with my tongue. He gulped the tiny trickle down greedily, and the moment I broke away, he started begging for more. I scolded him, telling him that too much at once would make him sicker… but then I couldn't handle hearing his pitiful voice complaining, and told him he could have once more mouthful. The second time, however, he didn't let me get away once all the water was gone. His hands slid up behind my neck and he pushed at me gently but firmly with his mouth. Confused, but strangely pleased, I responded in kind for a while, until I remembered that I had to breathe. I did so, hard and fast, when we broke apart a second time, and I found myself forced to meet his unseeing silver eyes. They seemed to glow alongside his stripes in the bright moonlight. \"What was that?\" I whispered. \"I don't know,\" he replied at the same volume. \"It was just so nice, I… I'm sorry. My parents used to do that to me, and I wanted to try, since… well, for a long time, really…\" \"Hm,\" I replied, taking a final shuddering breath before I was taking in air normally again. \"Moon, I… I wanted to tell you…\" \"I love you,\" Moon blurted suddenly. His eyes widened, then fell shut. \"S-sorry. I didn't mean to say that out lou—mphf!\" I did the thing again, this time to make him shut up. I broke off sooner this time and pressed my forehead to his, and murmured, \"Me too. Now go to sleep so we can get you healed up in the morning.\" He grumbled something under his breath, gave me one more, quick peck, then lay down, pulling me gently with him. He hugged me to his chest, giving my scalp a massage with his fingers as he did… then he spoke up again. \"What's that noise, Kim?\" he asked softly. \"What noise?\" I asked. \"The whoosh-whoosh-hiss noise.\" \"Oh, the ocean.\" \"The what?\" \"It's a huge, huge pool of water. Dark water. It's no good for drinking. I'll take you down the beach to touch it tomorrow. It moves around, making that noise as it hits the sand, which is why you hear it.\" \"Okay,\" he breathed, then buried his face in the hair atop my head. \"It's so good to hold you again…\" \"Yeah, it's good,\" I agreed softly. \"I wish… I wish you'd never let go…\" \"I won't.\" \"Promise?\" \"Promise.\" ~~~(Guy)~~~ It was amusing to me to watch the two very tall people the next day. Moon didn't break contact with Kim all day, at least not that I saw, always having his tail twined with hers or his hand on her shoulder or something to keep them both connected. Even though he was clearly sick, he seemed to work just fine, foraging in the jungle for medicinal herbs and edible plants. I wasn't sure how he did all that he did with blind eyes, but then I noticed the way he held his tail with the orb at the end. I compared it to Kim's fluffier tail and the way she carried it, and noted the differences in my mind. I realized late in the afternoon that the orb on Moon's tail had to be the answer. At the end of the day, I asked him about it. \"It helps me fly,\" he told me, snaking the thing around from Kim's side of the log to mine so that I could look at it. I looked closely at the inside of the glassy orb, and thought I saw something dark and pulsing inside. \"Maybe it's this liquid deep inside, there,\" I wondered aloud. \"You say it helps you fly… does it help you determine balance, then?\" \"That and direction,\" he replied, fingering his dinner absently. \"I know when to turn with the wind, and it helps determine my height, too. It's sensitive, particularly to temperature.\" \"Woah,\" I murmured, and released the orb and tail. I watched it move around slowly, leaving my side and wrapping around Kim on Moon's other side. I couldn't help wondering what it must be like to have a tail. How would one move an appendage like that? How could we walk around? Certainly not straight up, I could tell that from watching the two of them move. Suddenly I noticed something else, which startled me because I had managed to overlook it all throughout my watching the pair today. Moon had a smooth thing, not unlike the orb on his tail, embedded in his back, between his wings. I think it was the wings that made it impossible to see the deep blue, seven-sided thing. I looked closely at it and saw tiny swirls of sparkling sky blue and pearly white deep inside the thing. \"What's that on your back, Moon?\" I asked. \"Hm?\" Moon replied, turning to me. \"What are you talking abou—\" \"That, Guy, is life itself,\" Kim interrupted suddenly, leaning back to look at me around Moon. \"It's what he's named for, too—that's a moonstone gem.\" \"Moonstone gem?\" I repeated, looking at it still. It was rather beautiful in the moonlight. \"Life itself?\" \"Yep. If those things get cracked bad or if they get taken off, we die,\" Kim replied. \"We?\" \"Yes,\" Kim giggled, moving her hair with one hand so that it cascaded down her shoulder in front. This action revealed a vibrant forest-green \"gem,\" which was an eight-sided figure similar to some flower's centers. \"Mine is emerald, which is why I'm called Kimmerald. The Kim bit comes from my mother, kunzite, and my father, moldavite, combined. Actually, I was rather shocked when I saw that you guys don't have these. 'How can you live without them?' I wondered. But, it seems, you can and do. It's just one more difference between us.\" \"Oh, okay,\" I replied, thinking about her emerald . I noticed right then that everyone else, except maybe Gran, was listening in now. I stopped staring at Kim's back when she put her hair back down, covering up the shiny green gem. ~~~(Kim)~~~ Weeks passed. We stayed with the Croods, helping and being helped, for as long as Moon's patience would allow. However, his wanderlust made him itch to get out of there from the moment he returned to full health. I had a treat for him, but now I couldn't find him. It was difficult for me to transition. Before, after we found him, he wouldn't keep his hands off me. Now, he was gone more than he was there. It wasn't as though he was avoiding me; our jobs separated us. At this time, I had finished hunting for the day, but Moon, Think, and Gran were all out gathering still. I ran through the jungle, eager to find him quickly, for the treat was starting to melt in my fingers. I tripped once, getting the stuff smeared across one side of my face, much to my annoyance. I got up and kept running. \"Hey, Kimmy,\" Moon's voice startled me from above as I stopped to catch my breath. He dropped down out of a tree in front of me, and outstretched his hands. \"What's the rush?\" \"Ah, ah, ah,\" I scolded him, moving my hands away from his. He scowled. \"I've got you a snack. I found some chocolate plant growing and grabbed you some.\" \"Did you smash it up the way I taught you?\" he asked eagerly, reaching out his hands again. \"Yup,\" I replied. \"Although I accidentally knocked it in with my face. I tripped and fell on it.\" \"The chocolate or your face?\" \"Both.\" Moon laughed, and instead of going for the chocolate, he grabbed me by my upper arms. With a mischievous grin on his face, he leaned in close to me—and dragged his tongue up the side of my face. \"Ew!\" I squeaked, unable to escape without spilling the chocolate out of the bean casing. \"Mmm, chocolate Kimmy,\" he chuckled, licking me again. \"My favourite.\" \"I don't know why I—\" He cut me off with the mouth thing again, which he had christened the Kiss earlier in the week. When he broke off, grinning hugely, I said, \"We need to go back to camp.\" \"Eh, later. Let's eat the chocolate first,\" he replied, nibbling the last of the melty chocolate off the corner of my mouth. I couldn't help but smile, even though I was kind-of grossed out. I led him over to a rock that we could sit on and fed the chocolate to him. He ate it right off my fingers, which I protested, but secretly found pleasing. Cleaning the stuff out of my fur was not fun, but since he was so good at touching things, he knew how to get every bit of it off of me and down his throat. Also, having him groom my fur was actually rather pleasing, which I would never admit out loud. Once finished with my hands, he caught me off guard by starting up my forearms, and I didn't noticed what he was doing until he had cleaned one arm up to my skin. \"Hey,\" I protested slightly, trying to ease my hands away from him. He held on tight and kept on licking, starting on my right arm now. \"Mmmm,\" he repeated as he finished, bringing his face close to mine. \"Yummy Kimmy.\" \"Leave me alone.\" Moon laughed and wrapped his arms around me. \"Never gonna happen,\" he growled, purring as he pulled me up against his body. I sighed and let him hold me, neither fighting it nor going with it. \"Oh, Moonstone…\" \"What?\" \"…\" \"Kim. Kim, what's on your mind?\" \"Nothing.\" \"I find that hard to believe.\" \"Would you believe me if I said interior design?\" Moon laughed again, and I giggled a little bit. Then, suddenly and without precedent, I sobbed and buried myself in his arms, crying. \"Kim?\" he asked, concerned. \"What's the matter…? Did I do something wrong?\" \"No,\" I whimpered. \"I-I don't know. I don't know why I'm crying!\" Moon rubbed my back with one hand, then leaned back, and tipped my chin up with one hand. I met his eyes, seeing nothing but warmness and love there. He really loves me, I thought. Is that why I'm crying? I'm in love? He didn't give me the chance to think that over, leaning down and capturing my lips once again. \"Moon,\" I whispered, eyes closed and still leaking tears. He kissed my forehead and murmured, \"Don't cry, Kimmy…\" \"I think it's you,\" I said softly. \"I think you're making me cry…\" \"Why?\" \"Because… because…\" \"Hm,\" he hummed, and then put his forehead against mine. \"You know… my mom once told me that love is torture.\" \"Torture?\" I repeated, startled. \"Yes, torture… is this torture?\" \"I… yes. I think it is, actually.\" \"I love you, Kimmy.\" \"I love you too.\" ~~~(Moon)~~~ ~Several months earlier…~ I love you. Three words. How hard could it be? Very hard, apparently. I had had the chance to tell her, mere minutes ago. She had curled up into my side as we leaned against a mossy rock for the night, fire near to our toes. She had murmured out a story to me, telling me about something that had been troubling her recently. I listened, consoled her a little… but I couldn't force those three words from my traitorous mouth. Now she was asleep; I had missed the opportunity. I thought about it, about ready to beat myself up at this point. I had missed several opportunities to tell her how I felt about her. Why? Because I was stupid; pure and simple. I had been stupid, and there was no other way to put it. I had either chosen a sarcastic comment, or had gotten choked up, or something that prevented me from breaking through the barrier of friendship and stepping up to the next level the way I so dearly wanted to. Why was I so bad at this? I wasn't afraid of Kim… okay, maybe a little… Where had I gone wrong? I had tried and tried over the past few months. I flirted with her some, which she took as me making fun of her, unfortunately. It was beyond frustrating to me that I wasn't able to make myself clear enough. Years ago, when my mother used to tell me all kinds of stories about herself and dad, she told me that she had to make the first move because he was too scared. At the time, I had scoffed, and cockily told her that I could get any girl I wanted without waiting for her to make the move. She had smiled and shook her head—I remember her hair moving on my shoulder, could hear the smile in her voice. It was incredible how easily I read her; I could almost see when my mother was around. I think that I realized I loved Kim when I found that she made me feel the same way. So, why was it that I was ready to take on anyone as a little blind kid… but now that I was a grown blind man, I couldn't say three words to one girl? Maybe because Kim was real. Maybe, I couldn't talk to her because she was really there, warm and soft and talkative and hotheaded and there . Whatever girls I imagined as a kid, they weren't real. They were easy to tackle, as figments of my imagination. But Kimmerald Silkie was different from them. It was a different I liked, but it came as a curse. What was it my mom told me? Love is torture , she had said. I thought it was silly at the time. \"How can something so great be so bad?\" I asked. \"It's not bad,\" she told me. It had only confused me further. I sure as heck understood now. ~~~(Kim)~~~ ~Slightly post present…~ I wasn't prepared for the full force of Moon's love for me. How could I have been? I had recognized him hinting at it before now… but I never took it seriously. If I had taken it the way he probably wanted me to, I probably would have been better equipped to ride this tidal wave of affection and care that Moon suddenly hit me with. Reality had slapped me with a cold, dead fish—and I was not ready for it. When I was alone, which didn't happen much anymore, I would sit and ponder the past I had shared with Moonstone Riddle. I thought I knew him, thought I could anticipate all his tricks, but damn , was I wrong about that. Even though I could recount every time he came close to uttering those three words to me, he had managed to keep me from predicting that he would actually say it—and mean it, at that. Moonstone, the blind man, had blindsided me . And when he struck, he struck hard. It wasn't that I didn't love him back. I did, deeply so in fact. It was just overwhelming to me, the way he gave me a bajillion little presents or caught me alone at just the right time or somehow made what had been blind help-me-outs turn into physical affection. It became very hard to breathe around him, particularly alone, particularly in close quarters. He did keep a certain distance, after a fashion, and never came too close to his invisible border… although it was starting to feel like the border was no longer a norm, but an obstacle. I think he was feeling that way too. The proposal came by moonlight. Of course. This was where he worked best, under that blue glow from the sky; the time for action was then, while his gem's namesake was bathed in that light and his energy was at its fullest. It happened right near the ocean, on the beach, a mile or two down from the Croods' campfire. Moon and I had so carefully cultivated our relationship prior to that night; I had no qualms or hesitation in accepting him as my mate. I guess we both knew, then, that this had been coming since that first night we had spoken, maybe even since we started keeping tabs on each other, each wondering if the other was safe to coexist with. The Croods didn't see hide or hair of us for a time after the Blue Moon. Moonstone was done with their company for a while, and I didn't mind his moving so much anymore. We didn't go terribly far, but the Croods had no chance of finding us unless they grew wings and learned to fly, because we put ourselves in a position where they couldn't get to without taking a huge detour we avoided by gliding from treetop to treetop over the swamplands. I think I can unreservedly say that those months were some of the best in my life. (Mmm... Chocolate Kimmy, my favourite...) (Hehehe, that was one of my favourite parts to write. There'll be more fun stuff like that in the future, alongside the serious stuff. Otherwise this story would be no fun at all.) ","Summary":" A/N: Welp, this is my very first fanfiction story, so I would love any feedback on how I'm doing! I"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Dead Ringer","Author":"Lilianv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12031191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's said, when a loved one goes missing, that you never stop looking for them. How many parents look around them on the streets, frantic double-takes, staring wistfully at a familiar head of hair or trademark smile, only to find their child staring back at them from a milk carton. Matthew had thought he was through with this phase. So when he looked out the window that bright, sunny day in June, he ignored the sudden ripple-like jolt that rolled down his spine at the sight of the raven-haired teen on the bicycle. Matt ignored his glimpse of the impossible, his glimpse of pale skin and dark hair and blue eyes. Because he already knew that the thin, lanky teen, glistening in the Florida sun, riding by on the hot asphalt, could never, ever fill that missing space in his heart. It was harder to ignore the next time it happened. The sun beat down brilliantly, and Matthew wondered for the eleventh time that day why his doctor had suggested moving to Florida. Settled comfortably in a wicker chair, feet in the sand, he decided that, while it was therapeutic, it was also too damn hot. When he closed his eyes, he could still see the blue of the ocean, dull compared to the neon blue of memory. When he opened his eyes again, he thought for a moment, that maybe he had died. Like that of a fantasy novel, or maybe a horror, a pale figure had emerged from under the water. Chest deep, ebony hair plastered to his head, the teen was a dead ringer for Jonah. Right down to those blue eyes (those searing, painful, everescent, cobalt eyes), Matt was sure he was staring at a ghost. By the time Matthew had risen to his feet, the apparition had gone, back down under the water, and he was overcome with a weakness so strong, he almost didn't make it to the car. Why now? Why. An adult by now, he was supposed to move on. He had finished school, college, he had moved. But, God, how he was still haunted. Memory, a vivid and high definition camera. Henry Lutz. Brown eyes traveled along the dips and curves of the name embossed on the medical bracelet, encircling a delicate wrist of bones encased in cream. The eyes came to rest on the face, that oh-so-painfully familiar map. There are differences. He has freckles. His lips seem fuller, his cheekbones perhaps higher. Ebony eyelashes fluttered against hollowed cheeks in sleep. Either this copy, this product of the original, was painted in better detail, or Matthew's memory had simply faded. This was the last place he had expected to see the apparition. While cancer-free, Matthew still avidly visited and donated to the local Cancer Center. He felt a kinship to all of those who stare at nothing, who suffer in silence as porcelain statues, draining life onto the floor. And so, on this visit, while walking through the hallway, he had caught that glimpse again. And this time he had humored it. Henry Lutz, 17, Leukemia. Matt's hand shook as he wrote down the information, along with the phone number and address attached to the boy's medical sheet. Vision blurry,Matt was turning to leave when the boy opened his eyes. Matthew thought he didn't believe in reincarnation. When Henry's neon eyes opened and stared, blindly, into nothing, Matt wondered how many people are in the room with them. I might be posting a second chapter. I know, this is very short. Please leave a comment or add this story to your list if you liked it or are interested. ","Summary":" It's said, when a loved one goes missing, that you never stop looking for them. How many parents lo"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Don't Leave Me","Author":"Sincerely-Tragedy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10307125","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't Leave Me Was this it? Was this all there was now? I'd done it... I'd freed them... Just like... Just like you wanted... But was it enough? Was burning their defiled remains enough to set them free? What about you? Are you free? Am I... Am I even alive anymore? \"Matt... Thank you.\" My vision blurred into focus. A cemetery... But, how? Where was... Jonah? He stood far off near a grave, staring blankly in my direction. He looked like he had in the pictures before everything had gone terribly wrong. His expression looked some how content. \"Jonah... I\" The world spun and voices began shouting my name all around me. It was to much, they were so loud... \"Matt, you can't stay here, you have to go back... They need you there.\" I stared hard at the dirt beneath my knees, my hands covering my ears. I looked up, and there Jonah stood, a hand stretched out to me. \"You have to get up and fight. Your family needs you. And you need them. Go, live on, Matt.\" I reached out, then hesitated. \"I'll never be able to see you again, will I?\" His cold blue eyes saddened. \"No. After this night I will not exist in this world anymore. With my soul's desire finished with, I have nothing to keep me here.\" My heart lurched. How could he so easily accept what was coming for him? Just the mere thought that I could wake up only to painfully experience my own demise was horrifying. \"I'm not ready to die...\" I murmured aloud. \"You aren't going to die, Matt. I will not allow it.\" I could see my shocked expression reflecting his eyes. \"I don't understand... How can... No, why would you?\" Jonah looked around the cemetery, the light from above us dimming. He knelt down beside me. \"I'm afraid we don't have much time left. I'm losing my grasp on this world, and so are you.\" He held out his hand to me again. \"Take my hand, Matt, and live the life you deserve.\" I stared at it, the voices I'd heard before growing loud once more. \"Matt, baby, come back, you can't die! Please baby...\" \"I don't want to leave you here... I can't...\" I placed , my hands against the sides of my head as it began to ache. \"Everything you've been through... How can I just leave you in this place, alone... You don't...\" He chuckled slightly, catching my gaze again. \"There is no place for me in that world anymore. I'm dead, Matt. Nothing can change that, and I've waited so long to be at peace. Please, Matt, don't get dragged down with me. You belong with those still living. Now come on, and fight for your life!\" I could feel a strong swell in my chest, and something deep inside ordered me to take is soft cold hand in mine. \"I'll never forget you, Jonah.\" I watched a content smile slide across his place face as he pulled me to my feet, the voices getting deafeningly loud as I- The sirens of the ambulance were blaring painfully loud, people were running, yelling, every noise was like a nail being drove into my head. My gaze was hazy and images were swivelling blurs. My mother was clinging to me, shouting things I couldn't comprehend, my eyes rolled up towards the sky, a black abyss with tiny lights. \"Don't die before your time, Matt.\" My eyes rolled forwards, to where I saw the Reverend, and someone else... \"Jonah...\" I whispered, completely inaudible by anyone. Anyone but him. Jonah stood beside the Reverend, his face serious. \"Don't forget me, Matt... I know I won't forget you.\" He tilted his head then, and a smile crept across his lips, as his image became smokey, and turned to light ash, blown away by the wind. Jonah... I could never forget you... ","Summary":" Don't Leave Me Was this it? Was this all there was now? I'd done it... I'd freed them... Just like."},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"The Wood Of Goats","Author":"Carlydotcom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12638536","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The train station was a shanty long hut, the panels of wood flaking from the structure. For a moment the hot greasy steam of a nearby train clouded my vision. Reaching my gloved hands up, I flattened out the curling edges of the town map. With my other hand, I pressed the letter of employment to the dank paper. 'Dear Edith Priory...Funeral home…45 Kinstott Road' My finger traced over the thin ink trail of the street and ran off the side of the page. A scrawled arrow told me the street was beyond town limits. So much for following the map. Disgruntled I hauled up my battered suit case. It hit against my hip and without my thick oversized coat it might have hurt a lot more. People started to flood the platform, my cue to leave. The town was more destitute than the railway station. One wide street spanned the isolated environment. Some shops hadn't opened all day from the piles of snow outside their doors, while others poured out the promise of warm food and alcohol. If I had coins rattling in my pocket I might have investigated, instead I continued to make tracks towards the edge of town, peering down each side street for entertainment. The only upside was with every step I took the houses swelled with money of the elite. They were a little more polite when it came to casting a stare at an unaccompanied female. They also didn't spit when I walked past. I felt bad for any tourists that visited this area. After passing three inns that were just about in my budget, the iron exit loomed up against the skyline of lacy trees. 'Sin will not hinder the working of God' the dark letters were crumbling with rust. I snorted in retort to the sign and passed under it. The snow got deeper. Soon the needles of frost numbed my nose and cheeks, the handle of my luggage fastened in my white knuckles. Within the hour the faint tire tracks that had reliably guided me stopped as the woods huddled closer and the snow huddled higher further away from the last sign of humanity. The merry sound of the taverns which had travelled this far with me away from the town began to fade into memory. The dented tree trunk was the end of the line. Over and over in my head I repeated the address. When my mind became panicked with the loss of direction I began to quietly chant, \"Aickman Funeral Directors…Aickman Funeral Directors\" my new found stubbornness bore me on into the lonesome wood. I comforted myself with the promise that if I didn't come across life within the hour I'd head back and reward my aches with a clean bed. Sitting on the benches of the train had stiffened my back. Just when I began to walk myself through how to fend off a bear I heard the crunch of claws along bark. The tears the chill had ripped from my eyes made it difficult to see but I could just about make out a bag of patchy grey fur and bones. I suppose this was the something living. A stray cat twitched it's head back as it heard me bristle my coat. It's mouth became wide to let out a feeble meow. I didn't know who looked worse. The ice in my brain melted and I began to question why I was here. I couldn't turn up with stiff fingers and expect to impress my employer if the piano sounded like this cat. I wasn't going to be taken seriously if my hair was wind torn and face a patchwork of white and blue. I guess I wasn't going to get there if I didn't get moving… Shaking off the doubt, I strode forwards with my chattering jaw held higher. The cat hissed. Stumbling, I cursed the wretched creature and kicked a lump of snow in it's direction. I thought we had an understanding! The soft thud of its bounding sprints hurled to the left. It vanished in a flurry of snow. I hated felines. No wonder people thought they were bad luck! Flicking my head to the left to scowl at where it had been, my eyes caught the horizon. I seen the glint of a light in an upstairs window followed by some off white cream panels. It was a large home. The afternoon sun was low so I quickened my irregular pace. Drawing nearer I realised I had arrived at the house at an odd angle from the tree line. After scaling a small ditch in an undignified way, I wrestled to pull my blue suitcase from the grip of bramble thorns. A large tear cut the silence and bounced back into the woods. Some of the items bulged out but only a photo was spat onto the ground. Letting out a frustrated sigh, I swiped up the crumpled picture and stuffed it away. He was the last person I wanted to see. With fired spirits, I marched my way across the crisp lawn towards the elaborate structure. I didn't care if this was Aickman Funeral Directors or even if I had wondered into another state all together. I needed in. The porch was swept clean of any drift but the red bricks had small fragments of moss between the joints. My bitten fingers lifted the lion head brass knocker to shoot three loud bangs through the red wood. In the interim, I nestled my hands under my arms and imagined the family that must be inside. A kind older mother with a few kids playing upstairs. Maybe she had been preparing their lunch of vegetable soup and made a little extra for unexpected guests. They'd be one of those religious families, but not the bigoted type but the ones with overflowing charitable concern. They might even need a piano teacher for their three daughters, a governess position complete with a room, piping hot meals and Friday evenings and Sundays off. I could swoon at the thought. Keys in the door rattled and the barrier gave way to a rush of warm air. I hope they had bread to go with the soup! Desperate to meet the kind eyes of another human I was slightly confused when my brain couldn't process my own reflection. It was a fish eye view which stared back down on me. The warped magnification made me look small. \"Yes?\" A monotone voice droned. A nobbled hand reached up and adjusted the wire spectacles. My convex reflection shifted. Taking a respectful step back it gave me time to adjust to my crushed expectations. \"Are you here to schedule the grieving of a loved one? Or are you in search of a particular 'closure' Miss?\" He inquired impatient with my reluctance. \"No\" I blurted out repulsed by the sound of my own voice. I hadn't used it properly since buying a train ticket. \"I've come from…\" I struggled to find my footing in the conversation. \"I was meant to be in an interview with Mr Aickman at…\" My hand shot to my pocket, fumbling around for the letter. \"Ah yes\" His voice rose in sombre recognition, \"Edith Clarke wasn't it?\" he asked while raising his nose. It seemed too big for the rest of his gaunt features. A prominent vein slithered down from his receding hairline over his right temple. I fixed my dishevelled appearance by smoothing out my brown coat and plastered a beaming smile on my face. Let's hope Mr Aickman didn't see through the cracks. \"Yes, it is Sir\" I said confidently hoping he'd be forgiving in his first judgement because from his tall leering perspective I must have presented as a charity case. He grunted low in his throat. \"I sent my assistant to meet you at the station\" He explained in a suspicious manner. \"Most would fear to travel far on their own\" he paused a minute as I clamped my jaw to prevent my teeth chattering. \"Ah but please do come in, it's a little chilly out today\" I nearly caught his black polished boot as I hurried inside from the biting cold. The slight heat of the house began to dampen my skin as it melted the ice within me. I'm sure it certainly added to my orphaned appearance. Mr Aickman kept his distance which was at least three and a half meters away. It seemed an awkward gap. \"Clarke? Did you say?\" I hadn't said much at all really \"You wouldn't be related to the Clarkes in town? The upholsters who have just lost their son?\" Mr Aickman inquired with his hands laced behind his back. \"N-no sir!\" I spluttered as my voice found itself, \"I haven't any family here!\" He gestured stiffly to the coat rack. \"They're still in Wisconsin\" I added. One bushy grey speckled eyebrow arched and his back lengthened. At his full height Mr Aickman was at least six foot. But I was never good at judging anything over 5.6 feet, after that people were just tall. \"And does Wisconsin not appreciate classical music?\" He replied. \"Oh, no that's not it, just there aren't many jobs for pianists back there\" I chuckled awkwardly. I stood with my hands folded in front of my simple navy dress. At least I had remembered to iron the white collar before leaving. I shifted it slightly, well aware that it was too big for me. \"None the less I'm sure you'll add to the service we provide here. Silence is the worst for those in grief\" he commented with solemn tone, as though his mind wondered to a past event. He soon snapped out of it \"You'll just have some signing to do after you demonstrate you're capable of course\" I fought hard not to let my brow knit together in questioning. I hadn't travelled across seven states to be told to return! Mr Aickman turned promptly on his heels. \"You see we've had a violinist before you. Rather excited for the room but completely tone deaf\" he disappeared into an archway to the right. I stumbled to follow. \"I have a few sheets in my suitcase if you'd care to…\" I trailed off as the empty pews, a podium and display table greeted me. Mr Aickman didn't have a traceable presence and I certainly didn't know the house well enough to search it. This was starting to feel like a game of cat and mouse. \"Little rusty but nothing a polishing cloth won't fix\" his voice stabbed my left ear while my feet flicked me around to face him. Mr Aickman ran his hand over the lower keys, forging a trail of white through the dull dust layer. The piano sang a few guttural notes. My teeth crushed together. \"A bit of fine tuning\" I repeated just to fill the quiet left after the musical groan. His feet kicked out the stuffed wooden stool for me to sit. I muffled a cough in my throat as he flicked open the crumbling music book. \"Your input isn't necessary Miss Clarke, you'll simply be required to play from the eight songs provided unless otherwise told\" He instructed formally \"Hopefully you appreciate the works of Chopin\" his hand hovered over one particular page. I tried to recall what my school teacher said about preventing hypothermia because as I read over the note splattered lines I doubted I'd be getting a house tour. This piece wasn't exactly 'Baa Baa Black Sheep' Five minutes later and the end of the song was nearing. 'Missed a note…or two. Is that an A minor or B sharp? How do I play this thing again? Oh, that doesn't sound right' reams of criticism tumbled in my brain. My smallest finger stretched for the last top key and it gave out a crippled clunk. The cord must have snapped inside. Just my luck. I slid my hand from the piano and discretely tried to wipe off the dust that clumped to my fingertips. I gave Mr Aickman an apologetic smile. He remained still for a moment, his hand resting on the piano lid. He looked haggard by scowl lines and hollow cheeks. \"Hm yes fine tuning...\" was all he muttered more to himself than me. I braced myself for the cold trek I'd have back through the woods. After a moment of silence in which he decided my fate he inhaled deeply, his brown waist coat expanding slightly. \"If you'd just follow me into the office Miss Clarke, just a few legal papers to fill\" he said from under his beard. That nearly bowled me over. I was going to sign myself into the room and continue an easy life of music. I'm sure I'd get used to the funerals, the dead were a regular part of my life. Standing up abruptly I struggled to follow his quick pace as he darted across the hall. Swerving around my suitcase I pushed the swinging bottle tinted glass door. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the dim light. A fog seemed to hover the air or it was just dense dust particles. \"Sit Miss Clarke, we have much to discuss\" My desperation for a quiet life was enough to make me comply and do as I was told. It was a firm leather arm chair, stuffed until the material couldn't sink under your weight. The very feel of this place told me that there would be little luxury. \"First of all. Congratulations, you've obtained the position\" he said it in a hurried manner \"Secondly we have some…conditions…pertaining to your time here\" His hand whipped across the table to place an official document of 'Stated residence' within my reach. An ink pen stood to attention in its fountain beside me. I couldn't lose face now with all this legal garbage. The town itself seemed pretty lawless, no one would be auditing this. More documents were shoved my way as Mr Aickman decided to ring through his terms of living. \"You have a full sheet of guidelines but otherwise 1-3 are of upmost priority\" My eyes flicked between the shuffling papers and the piercing glare of Mr Aickman. I hadn't seen him blink once over those murky spectacles. He set his elbow on the table with the back of his pale slender hand facing me. His fist was clenched, the skin stretched over the nobbled knuckles. \"Firstly, This floor and the upstairs are free to roam within reason. You will not be required by any reason to venture into the basement\" one bony flinger flicked up. \"Secondly, You will attend each funeral which are all held from early morning to late afternoon but never after 5pm\" next his ring finger stood to attention. Seems he never married, no ring but also no indent where one might have been. Life of solitude I suppose, I could see myself heading in that direction also. \"Thirdly, if you intend on leaving the premise I must be informed prior\" I suppose that was a reasonable request. My hand naturally scribbled along dotted lines watching the three slender twigs glare at me. \"The forth condition is simply a measure in... Confidentiality\" the last finger unfolded \"what goes on here, stays within these walls. The towns people are an intrusive prejudiced group and they would delight in nothing more than rumours of my establishment and those who use this service swimming around their little social circle\" His forth finger stood for a completely understandable term. It wouldn't be one I had to worry about, I didn't intend to talk to anyone nearby. I rarely got close with people. I had good reason not to, the distance provided the anonymity I needed. I was never truly alone. \"Finally, succeeding the forth, is a matter of security. Two books stand in the entrance, one is the standard guest book the other is a log book that is used to document anyone on the premises that is not Myself, my assistant or yourself. If someone is spoted, you write down time and a detailed description of their appearance. This is very important for our safety\" his thumb extended. I frowned, the pen hovered over the last dotted line. \"Is there a particular threat around?\" I asked. I had very good reason to as well. Despite wondering around these barren woods alone I realise that I had no knowledge of the area, knew no one or what kinds of people were situated here. Mr Aickman didn't answer for a few moments. It nearly answered my question when he spoke, his voice louder than it had been previously. \"No…not from anyone who lives here\" he replied his eyes lowered to the papers on the desk. I was prompted to place my name to it. No sooner had the last ink drop marked it surface was it snatched across the desk, leaving a long streak of navy ink. \"Perfect, the other conditions you can browse in your own time\" he replied idly, not bothering to look up at me. There seemed to be a shift in the air. \"Congratulations Miss Clarke, your room is upstairs, closest to the far window\" he instructed. After this it seemed that any questions I asked were met with an awkward silent or undignified grunt. In the end, I thought it best to leave the office and take my bags upstairs. The dark wood door closed with a hollow thud. Leaving the interaction like that worried me, but I guess I had plenty of time to get to know Mr Aickman and his customs. Turning around my hand automatically made a grab for the suitcase. I stumbled. I thought I had missed but there was no solid brass handle to connect to. With no desire to search for it unaccompanied I ascended the stairs. It was quite a modern build, it was simply the furnishing and atmosphere that added years to the place. At the end of a side corridor sat the pastel green door. The panels were dusty. The single pane window had a crack in the corner, letting icy air drift in. From this the metal handle was freezing to the touch. Someone had been in the room recently because there were finger prints where the metal had been heated. Twisting the stiff handle, I budged the door open. I winced at the scratching of the door against the wooden floor, there were deep marks showing the fresher wood in the grey rotting boards. The bed was small but had at least two thin sheets and a clashing quilt draped carefully over the sinking end. I would have flopped right on it if it weren't for the battered suit case taking up half the space. I noticed the items I had messily packed were now aligned neatly on the sheets. The crumpled photo lay flat exposing the face. I swiped the items to the side, burying that wretched being in the process Finally flopping on the soft blankets, I pulled out the conditions of residence. I suppose as a responsible adult legal reading would be an ideal pass time. They certainly reflected Mr Aickman's personality. Some were quite specific. Numbers 9-13 comprised of timed events. I personally hadn't stayed at one of those fancy hotels but from my work with previous clients it seemed something similar. \"No.9 - Personal hygiene can be attended to from 6:10am until 7:35am or, alternatively, 8:18pm until 9:47pm. Showers or baths cannot last any longer than 12 minutes at a time. Do not use the plumbing in the bathrooms at any other time\" Anything on the long list afterward just seemed minuscule and trivial details, nothing that anyone would lose their heads over. \"No. 24 – Any items taken from the pantry, the medical cupboard or tool shed must be documented, said file can be located in the office which must be accessed through the use of a key which is held at all times by head of household\" Seemed a lot of work for a biscuit. The document was leaving a bad taste in my mouth, and so my solution was to stuff it under my pillow like I had done with most unpleasant things. As the world had been steeped in a blank sky and wiped in snow I hadn't realised the time. Late evening had crept in and although my stomach was pained from hunger my eye's burnt from lack of sleep. I chuckled. It was 8pm so apparently, I only had eighteen minutes to use the bathroom. Finishing on time I stepped into the landing with my night dress and shawl. An unearthly breeze drifted through the house. I began to wonder if Mr Aickman had retired to bed as the house was in a dark slumber. I still hadn't seen this assistant who had vanished at the train station. Perhaps he had caught a ride out of this place. Locking my door behind me, I turned to the mirror on the bedside table. It was speckled with dirt and had a crack or two scoring its dull surface. \"It's a nice place, Mr Aickman was very considerate giving me this position.\" I sighed shaking my head as I pulled the long rope of tied cloth from my bag. I hadn't the motivation to unpack. I began wrapping it tightly around my left wrist. \"You'll just have to be good!\" I added to my reflection. \"No wandering off without me, and remember, the basement is off limits. But you won't have to worry about that. You'll not be going far, I intend to make this work with or without your help\" I stated smartly. Tucking myself in I wrapped the remaining length of restraint around the banister. Tugging it a few times I was satisfied it was secure and I could sleep easier knowing I had this under control. \"It's been a long day…will you go to sleep\" I yawned. I drifted off as I felt the side of the bed sink like someone was sitting on the edge and heard the soft tap of feet on the wooden floor next to me. I smiled. They weren't going anywhere. ","Summary":" The train station was a shanty long hut, the panels of wood flaking from the structure. For a momen"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Two Dead Boys","Author":"That Girl55","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10016329","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Matt noticed it a few weeks after they had moved into the new home, and taken Wendy with them. They were cousins, sure, but they weren't directly related, that's what Matt noticed when he started to notice her. The gentle curve of her butt as she'd kneel down to play with Mary, the way she was so gentle with him, and with the other children. He'd think about her late into the night, when he couldn't sleep. He'd think about what it'd be like to hold her close to him, to have her stop thinking about the dangers of the new home for a minute and calm down into his arms. As time went on, he started to think of her as less and less of his cousin, and more of his girlfriend. She didn't know this, of course, because Wendy was practical and always on her toes (you had to be, coming from parents like hers) and, even when she found herself craving someone's embrace in the night, she knew better than to turn to her cousin. That, however, didn't mean that they didn't slip up sometimes. There were plenty of stolen moments, of hugs that lasted too long and of whispered words of shared fear. They took solace in each other, in the way that only lovers do. And when they made love the first time, Matt did not question when Wendy yelled out \"Jonah,\" in between her moans and cries of \"Matt.\" They were one and the same now, two dead boys who both loved the living girl they held in their arms. But she was also in the arms of the house, then, and that was never good. The Victorian on the corner had never seen a happy ending, and the story of the dead boys and the lively girl would be no exception. ","Summary":" Matt noticed it a few weeks after they had moved into the new home, and taken Wendy with them. They"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Flowers in your Hair","Author":"anne-not-neville","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12060008","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"It's not that bad.\" Tended to be Annie Parker's mantra, especially when it really was that bad. \"Move to a new town she says, it's not hat bad she says, it'll be fun she says!\" Cried Reese - a little desperate, a little angry. \"I bet this place is crawling with old people trying to sell you homemade candles.\" Annie seemed to visibly deflate at that, it's not like she expected her daughter's to be happy about this move - heck she wasn't even happy - she just kind of thought they'd try and see the small town appeal she figured it'd have. Without saying a word, Charlotte Parker rested her head against the window and casually watched as her sister grew into a pathetic pile of hysterics. \"Goatswood Connecticut population 187!\" She blanched at the sign, her face contorted in a look of pure mortification. \"Goatswood more like Ghost Town.\" Charlotte was technically older than Reese by two years but Reese was taller and prettier and louder. Reese used to play soccer but she got hurt which ended her soccer career prematurely, now she kind of just complains about everything and for someone who doesn't even have a license she has really bad road rage. \"Guys I know this isn't exactly what you expected but let's try and make the best of it.\" Annie sighed, taking a peek in the rear view mirror to look at her youngest daughter, who had abandoned all notions of a seat belt and sat forward with her arms slung lazily over the drivers seat and passenger seat. Reese rolled her eyes hard enough to pull a muscle, but decided to bite back the retort she felt working it's way up her throat. \"We're here.\" Charlotte - who up until that point had stayed silent - muttered softly. Annie attempted to giver her eldest daughter a smile, but Charlotte gave no indication that she saw it. Instead her eyes scanned the holed up and abandoned stores, graffiti lingering over every available inch of surface. Reese shuttered but had enough sense to not go screaming about how the old people were coming and that they should roll up the windows because there was definitely something in their candles. Instead she swallowed harshly, and scanned the seemingly deserted town for any sort of sign of life. At the end of the abandoned shops sat a perfectly open and small coffee shop, almost as if it were untouched and safe and something definitely out of a horror movie. \"Ooh look at that!\" Cried Annie enthusiastically. \"What is it? Actual proof people live here?\" Reese asked sarcastically. Her arms crossed over her chest, eyes ablaze and consuming. Almost as if she were planning on tearing a hole through this town. Charlotte let out a sharp breath when they arrived to their new house, it didn't look particularly terrible but when #haunted was sprayed across your door it also didn't look too nice either. Before the car had come to a halt Reese threw the door open and was out of the car in a singular flash of movement. She may be broken but she was still fast. \"Reese! You know better than that! Just because the cast is off doesn't mean you can go jumping about willy nilly.\" Annie scolded sternly. Reese rolled her eyes but didn't say anything back. Charlotte understands what Reese is doing, her foots not healed she won't let it. Instead she'll keep it as a reminder, she'll keep it as a reason to get angry, a reason to never stop. When the car comes to a halt Charlotte undoes her seat belt and pushes the car door open. She picks up her bag - stickers and pins littering the strap - the clank of metal jingles in her ear as she pulls it over her head and lets it rest limply on her shoulder. She shuts the door behind her and follows her mother and sister inside. Charlotte's first thought is that it smells like ash - like fire, like burning - and she wonders if that's permanent. Reese and Charlotte were very different. The kind of different that makes you wonder if they were really the spawn from the same two people. Where Reese's hair is a violent kaleidoscope of red, Charlotte has blonde hair that's closer to brown than anything - and what's the point of having blonde hair if it wasn't even the right color, she thinks cynically. Someone once told Charlotte that she sort of looked like she went to bible camp and couldn't hold her coffee. Three days later she wonder's if it's an insult and when she asks her sister - god Charlotte are you dumb? Of course it's an insult! \"Hey, weirdo! I am going to explore, want to come?\" When Reese shows up in Charlotte's doorway with furry boots that travel up to her knees, a leather jacket, and googles Charlotte doesn't even look up. \"No, I think I am going to stay in and read.\" Charlotte offers weakly, holding up her book as if to provide proof. \"Suit yourself.\" Reese shrugs and doesn't ask again. Reese's mission? To find a soccer field - if she can't play she'll watch - or a decent place to eat food, and other humans. Not specifically in that order. All Reese managed to do was limp down the block a few ways before she realized she had no idea where she was, and not to mention she'd just passed a shop called the dungeon and who knows maybe it was a brothel. She won't admit to herself that she's lost, won't give the town the satisfaction of knowing it was big enough to lose her, so instead of doing something a normal, rational, human being would do she keeps walking. And when she finds a half-rotting convenience store that is very much not condemned and probably has cockroaches and strange, unidentifiable stains on the floor she pushes the door open the bell at the top of the door moves but doesn't jingle, like maybe it's lost it's sound to years of rotting and rusting. It smiles like smoke, and only three-fourths of the building is lit up by light, and the first light is flickering, almost as if it were unsure. It smells kind of like an animal died in there and they covered it up with fabreeze. And she slowly walks over to the rack closest to her and notices an array of candy bars she's never seen before, she picks up a 'pukwudgie' and wonders who was in charge of naming these. She grabbed two more and walks over to the counter where a single register sat. Reese raised an eyebrow, she could probably leave right now, without even paying, nobody would ever know. The camera was probably broken anyways. Instead she spots a bell sitting by the register and she reaches a hand out to ring it, and then again, and again until she's tapping out a little tune, a small smile tugging at her lips, eyebrows furrowed with concentration. \"Can you maybe not?\" Comes the snappish growl from a tall - probably heels - girl snapping gum, her eyes are rimmed with dark and hr lips are a loud purple. Her hair is a blackish-blue sort of color, and half of it's shaved off. She's wearing a beetles T-shirt and a jean jacket, her nails black and chewed to the ends. She looked like she could use a cigarette. Did she smoke? Yeah she probably smoked. \"Sorry, I wouldn't have started playing with it if you haven't taken so long, I mean do you even know what costumer service is? And plus this place is gross.\" Reese began ready to go on a full rant about how this place really wasn't up too standards and shouldn't be selling food - that she was buying. \"You're a strange kid.\" The girl says, and Reese is almost positive she should be wearing a name-tag. She isn't. \"I am not strange.\" She insists casually, \" Any decent person who gave any though about personal - or any type really - hygiene would agree with me. This place is unsanitary.\" \"Yupp, you're a strange kid.\" The girl confirmed before ringing up her candy bars. \"I am not, and I am not a kid. 15, so hah. In my limited experience with older human beings I like Charlotte better she doesn't talk back.\" Reese responded casually digging in her bag for another quarter. \"Oh and hypothetically speaking if someone were I don't know say accidentally lost, how do you think one should go about finding their house and or getting a map? Because said person is not lewis and Clarke and refuses to spend the next six months making maps.\" Huffed Reese, knowing she might be the only human she comes into contact today. \"This is all hypothetical of course?\" The girl asks raising an eyebrow, she kind of looks like a Rachel, or maybe a Molly. \"Yes, yes of course.\" Reese responded eyeing Rachel/Molly curiously. \"Alright kid, where do you live?\" Rachel/Molly asks and Reese visibly scoffs. \"How dare you suggest I am lost, that's positively ridiculous, I can't ev- erm by a lot of trees?\" Reese mocked offense, but cave knowing she would get literally no where with this. \"My shift is over in twenty minutes, think you can wait that long?\" Rachel/Molly asks. \"Definitely.\" Reese shrugs before hoping on the counter, already working on tearing open her first candy bar. \"This is going to be a great friendship, I can already tell Rachel/Molly.\" The girl rolled her eyes, she hoped up on the counter and snagged one of the girls candy bars. \"It's Wendy, and don't look at me like that. There is literally a rack full of them over there.\" \"Whatever, I am Reese.\" Hello, and welcome to another story I probably won't finish. Just kidding, I like this idea so I am going to stick with it. I hope you like Annie, Charlotte, and Reese. I am not sure if I think Reese and Wendy are going to fall madly in love or if I'll pair her up with Matt. Who knows. And true characters might seem a little ooc - cough Wendy cough - but it is an Au. I am however going to keep Matt and Jonah's characters hopefully the same, or really close to canon. Anyways thanks for reading and have a lovery day! ","Summary":" \"It's not that bad.\" Tended to be Annie Parker's mantra, especially when it really was that bad. "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"An Experiment","Author":"The Somebody of Nobody","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8787369","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: An Experiment Author: The Somebody of Nobody Summary: Matt is reading a magazine and Jonah is curious. Curiosity was bad for the cat, is it bad for the ghost as well? Warning: Slight perverted humor. Disclaimer: We do not own Haunting in Connecticut Word count: 327 Note: This story was inspired by ZeldaNut1 who posed the question: What would Jonah's reaction to Playboy be like? Matt was sitting on his bed looking through a magazine. Jonah came over to him, sitting on the edge of the bed near his feet. \"Hey, Jonah.\" \"Hello, Matt. What are you reading?\" Matt smirked. \"Nothing. Want to see?\" Jonah's brow wrinkled in slight confusion. \"All right.\" Matt sat up and handed the open magazine over with a smile to his trusting friend. Jonah looked down expecting to see text, but was instead greeted by the image of a scantily clad female. A crimson flush raced across the ghost's face before he dropped the magazine from his trembling fingers. \"What's the matter, Jonah?\" Matt asked in a 'perfectly innocent' tone. \"That... What... Why were you looking at that?!\" Matt's smile never fell. Instead he reclaimed his magazine from the surface of the bed. \"It's Playboy. Kinda normal for guys to look at this sort of thing. Besides,\" he opened the magazine to page 17, \"she is hot.\" Jonah did not face the page. His face was still flushed and his eyes were focused on the floor. \"That's not appropriate. Their parents must be furious. You shouldn't be looking at that. No respectable girl would ever be involved in something like that.\" Matt smiled at his friend. \"Good thing I'm not looking for a respectable girl. It means I can enjoy the view of these beauties. Want to look at the rest of it with me?\" Jonah rose from the bed rather quickly. \"No, thank you. I'm going to go check on the rest of the house. Have... have fun.\" \"I will.\" As soon as Jonah disappeared, Matt tossed the magazine down with a triumphant smirk. He reached under his bed pulling out a black journal. He opened it to the first empty page and began writing. 'Tuesday. The Playboy experiment was a success. I knew ghosts could blush if they got embarrassed. Next experiment: video porn. I bet this makes him run off faster than the mag.' ","Summary":" Title: An Experiment Author: The Somebody of Nobody Summary: Matt is reading a magazine and Jonah i"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"House Of Horror","Author":"Lost-In-Existence888","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7993588","Passage":"[Chapter 1] * Ok This Shall Be My First Request Super Amazing One Shot for llx-BetraylsandForgivness-xll thank you sooo much for liking my story! :D I hope you love this*****I do take requests*** Chapter 1 The sun gleamed through my window reflecting off my light red/ golden hair. I cringed my eyes trying to hide from it as it burnt through my eyelids. Today...is October 31...I peer through my eyelids to see out my window. The wind blows in and I smell the warm, Autumn air. I arise and get changed. I stomp down the stairs to see Edna Finch, my best friend at my door. I toil with my hair and open my door. She rushes in and begins babbling. \"Ok! Soooo today Halloween! Let's look up 'spooky' traditions and places to go\" she makes herself at home in my computer room. \"Good morning to you too\" I yawned. \"Ohh Avery...Avery Day you're sooo lazy! Get up and smell the beautiful roses\" she smiled. \"I smell...leaves, coffee in the kitchen, and your perfume\" I smiled. \"Well...it's a start right?\" she smiled all perky. \"...sure\" I pretended to pay attention. She began typing away on the keyboard and saying something, I wondered off into the kitchen to see if the coffee was done. I stood there for a few minutes just getting lost in the view outside...it's so beautiful. As the leaves blew away I noticed something new...from the corner of my eye I saw, a house. I looked closely to see children riding on bikes. They seemed to speed up past this house and become silent around it. The house looked really frightening..in a good kind of way. \"Avery are you listening!\" Edna yelled from a distance. \"Oh!...uhhh...pumpkins...yeah\" I slunched back into the room. \"Well! Oh! we could go to the cemetary and sit on that grave like that guy!\" she smiled helplessly. \"Hey sweety guess what?...that was on a Native American's burial ground\" I sassed. She gave me a rotten look. \"Look I love you dearly but I just want to walk around and observe this whole 'Halloween' event\" I told her. \"...whatever! Be boring!\" she walked out of my house. \"Close the door next time\" I joked. She looked back laughing. I sat on the table reading over my notes for the next day...I don't care ...that house's image haunts me greatly. Where did it come from? Soon enough the night came. I met up with Edna and we crossed arms and walked down the street. I began to remember hearing my parents say how we will be moving soon. I don't know what to tell people...I don't know where I'll be going, or when I'll be going. I looked up to the beautiful night sky as the children, all dressed up scurried by us. We reminisce back on our previous times...when we were the frantic, wild kids looking for candy. \"Sooo it's such a nice night\" Edna said. \"Yeah it is...hey have you seen that house before\" I pointed to it. Edna's face turned white... \"Umm...Avery that house..well that's the Aickman house\" she stuttered. \"Why do you look so scared?\" I asked her. \"Well...I heard there were killings in that house and the bodies were hid in the walls\" her voice shook. \"...yeah okay\" I smiled pretending to believe her. I began to observe the house and then I looked up to the stars. I followed them in the sky toward the house...they stopped. All around the perimeter of just 'that' house, there were no stars. Why was this? Maybe the trees hid them... \"Hey Avery watch out\" a bunch of kids ran into me smacking me to the ground. I turned around to see a group of people talking to Edna. They all turned to me with smiles. \"Truth or dare\" one tall built boy said. \"...Dare\" I muttered cautiously. They smiled and eased towards me, I took a step back as they came closer. \"Go in there...stay there for the night, or until you freak out\" he got in my face. \"No\" I turned away. The boy grabbed me and pulled me to the front porch, rang the doorbell, and left me there. I looked back at Edna who was talking to them. I felt my pulse rise as I opened the door and walked in. \"...Hello\" I stepped in. *Jonah's P.O.V* I heard the door creak as someone entered my home. I watched as Ramsey tore the eyelids off of a body. He signalled me to the door. As I walked up, I couldn't believe my eyes. She was beautiful, long golden bronze hair, big bright eyes, and a good body. I snuck over and her eyes reflected off of a headlight's gleam. I watched her outstretch her hand to reach the wall. I grabbed her hand. She flinched at my cold skin. \"Hi...\" I said. \"Who are you!\" she panicked. I stood behind her and whispered into her ear.. \"I won't hurt you\" \"Who the hell are you\" she turned antsy. We heard more creaking from the stairs, and thuds to the floor. She aimlessly walked downstairs. Ramsey will see her! She walked down and cringed at the sound of a dropping box. \"Who's there!\" she yelped. \"Avery?\" her mom stepped out in the light. \"Mom! What are you doing here!\" she gasped. \"Sweety our house was falling apart so I decided to rent this one for awhile, just until we get the money to fix it up\" she smiled walking over to her. \"Dear god! Why didn't you tell me we were moving in the Hell House!\" Avery screamed. \"Look I'm sorry for the scare sweety, but look it's not so bad here, it just needs a little love\" she rubbed Avery's shoulder. \"Mom look at it! The wallpaper is falling down, the floorboards are rotten, yeah, good luck on this one mom\" Avery stormed into another room. I cautiously followed her... \"Avery, that's a beautiful name\" I told her. She glanced around the room briskly, looking for my face. \"Who's there?\" her voice trembled. \"Hi I'm Jonah...welcome to your new home\" I twined my fingers with hers. \"Who are you! What do you want!\" the typical victim screeched. \"I said I'm Jonah, my my you have beautiful eyes\" I smiled slightly. She backed away I could hear her heart pounding with fear as she quickly turned into my closet door and looked into the mirror. Her body froze and her skin turned a pale white. I knew that she saw me behind her. \"Who are you? Where did you come from?\" she sounded like she was about to break down. \"Please, miss, I'm Jonah. This is my house, the house...that I died in. I live here, well I used to\" I assured her. \"I would like to inform you that, what's mine is yours. You can stay as long as you need, wherever you need. Feel free to make any changes, do anything you want. Just please don't be afraid of me\" I said calmly. \"Why can I see you?\" she calmed down a bit still looking into the mirror with watering eyes. \"You can see me through any reflection\" I stepped closer to her. \"What happened to you? Where do you stay?\" she kept spitting questions at me. \"I was burned by the demons of this house, in the creamator in the basement\" I told her, \"I stay in here, your future room and why do you hate your family so much, they seem nice\" I tested her. \"I just hate them ok...creamator?\" her eyes lit up. \"Yes, this house was an old funeral home. But it is full of evil, airgo Aickman, my boss I am a medium\" I informed her. \"What's that\" she glanced back to me and back to the mirror. \"I'm used for seances to let demons enter my body\" I informed her. I watched her freeze in her tracks. \"It's not too pleasant as anyone would imagine, I feel someone looking out through my eyes all the time\" I broke our silence. I observed her as she studied my place in the mirror and in the room. She then quickly spun around and ran straight at me, wrapping her arms around me tightly. I felt her tears run slightly over my shoulder. \"I'm sorry this happens to you\" she mumbled against my gray coat. \"It's ok this isn't your fault\" I pulled her closer to me. She looked up to me and I felt a cold mist in between our lips. I opened my eyes quickly to see her lips against mine her arms around my neck, my arms around her waist as the moon became brighter outside the cracked window behind us... * That's all soo far! For my one-shot! Ashley I hope you like this a lot. I am sssssoooooo sorry I didn't have it up in time. I had a really rough week, but here it is. Let me know if you need anything else. And people be sure to check her profile thing ^^author's name mentioned in captions at top of page^^ Hope you enjoyed it LOVE YALL! Please review and subscribe feel free to PM me any questions, requests, etc.* ","Summary":" * Ok This Shall Be My First Request Super Amazing One Shot for llx-BetraylsandForgivness-xll thank "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"To Die With the Sun","Author":"The Rebellion Starts Here","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11469237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hii, this is my very first Huanting in Connecticut fanfiction. I recently watched the movie and became obsessed with it. I know people don't really write Jonah Aickman/Matt Campbell fanfiction anymore but I thought I'd try it even if nobodies reading. Also if anyone is reading this, sorry for any mistakes it's currently four in the morning and I can't really see straight so yeah. Here goes nothing, a fanfiction from a sleep deprived teenager. Anyways I don't own Haunting in Connecticut, I am merrily a teenage girl with a manifesting crush on Jonah Aickman. My name is Sophie Popescu, my father is, Reverend Popescu, but I just call him dad. Ever since I was younger my father has been helping people around town with their paranormal problems, he never tells me where he's going but I am not stupid and I know exactly what he does. My mother hated this, when she was still alive, that is. But she also despised the idea of me tagging along, which could be for the simple reason I could see ghost's or just because my mother didn't want a freak show for a family. Even though being a medium wasn't as frowned upon as it was before, it still freaked my mother out and people had less than kind things to say about it. Yet it never bothered me too much, I never really thought about it. Even though I can see ghosts, I don't see too many. Which is due to the fact I rarely go anywhere besides school, my mother forbid me to go to church because sitting right outside was a cemetery and she was absolutely terrified I'd come into contact with a ghost or something. She however didn't know that it doesn't quite work like that, the ghost chooses you, not the other way around. That being said, it didn't mean I wasn't religious. My father was a reverend after all, I spent every Sunday lingering over a bible, while my father was off preaching. Something I'd assumed he was close to retiring, after all his cancer was only getting worse and he was only getting older. \"Sophie, I'll be back soon I have some things I need to do.\" His face was solemn, his lips pressed into a tight line. Wrinkles accentuating his age, his graying hair a small fragment of what it once was. He was always so vague when he left, or went out to do things. He'd never tell me what he did, he played the part of the protecting father and I'd be the oblivious daughter. \"Can I come with?\" I was hopeful, that one day he'd take me along to one of his mystery jobs, - which I knew to be a paranormal investigation or something along those lines - I asked every time or at least almost, every time. He'd always say, ' maybe one day '. Which was basically a, ' never in your wildest dreams, kiddo. ' He was good about honoring my mother's wishes, which I appreciated but still found the tiniest bit of resentment lingering in my chest as I watched him leave. He wouldn't return until late, and when he did get back perhaps would be the word of the evening. \"I don't think that would be a good idea.\" He heaved, it was then I noticed how ill he looked. I suddenly felt against him going at all, and it might have been because he'd said I couldn't go but something inside of me twisted and I needed him to stay behind. My father was once a healthy man, but lately his cancer had been getting worse. Cancer was slowly consuming the time he should spend doing something worth while, it'd claimed my mother a few years back. \"I think you should stay. I know this is probably important but you don't look too good, I think you have a fever.\" I pleaded, I know I didn't sound very convincing, and I was in no place to assume he had a fever, which I could only tell by pressing the back of my hand to his forehead, which was clearly not going to happen. My false fever accusation had caused him to roll his blue eyes, and shift on his experienced old feet. \"I have to go, I want you to stay here, I'll be back later.\" With that he waved away my concern's and limped out the front door. Pssh, like I had anywhere to go. My gaze lingered on the car keys he'd left behind, and you could literally see the light bulb go off above my head. Quick, eager foot steps carried me over to the coffee table the keys resided on. I would have to hide them in a place he'd be able to find, but a place that would give me enough time to sneak outside and into the car. If he wasn't going to stay in, I would go with him. Which was of course against his orders, but he was going against mine. Not that I was in any position to boss him around, after all he was my father. I decided to put them beneath the hat he almost always wore, so if he didn't come back in for his keys - which, let's face it he most likely will because he kinda needs them to drive -he'd come back in for his hat. I quickly made my way out the back door, my bare feet colliding with the dry grass, that sent chills up my spine. I'd probably need shoes for this operation, within a few minutes I had gathered up my sneakers and was hoping around the backyard trying to put them on. When my shoes had finally made it onto my feet, I bounded to the other the side of the house - which was basically me running to the edge of the house trying to be all ninja like. I peeked over the side of the house a grin forming on my lips as I found my father opening the front door and I knew this was my chance. With a giddy laugh I made my way over to the car, I think I was pretty stealthy, if I do say so myself. By stealthy do you mean, you half ran, half jogged to the side of the car nearly falling on your face? No I mean, I went full on ninja and no one knew I was there. My attention I had shifted from the argument I was having with myself, to the excitement I felt at the thought of actually getting away with something like this - because if anyone knew me they knew I was a good little girl and did what I was told - I didn't even notice the cold air nipping at my skin, or the white puff of carbon dioxide I'd released. I quickly pulled open the car door, I barely took notice to the cool metal that bit at my warm skin. I threw myself onto the car floor, quickly pulling the door shit behind me. I'd have to be as quiet as possible and maybe he wouldn't notice me, this was probably stretching my luck just a little too far. I couldn't bite back the smile that seemed to permanently etch it's way into my skin as I heard the front door open, and my father's heavy breathing as he made it over to the car. I found myself holding my breath as I waited for him to climb in. Within minutes, the car had started and it was on it's merry way, if my father noticed me at all he gave no sign of it. I did however feel extra uncomfortable laying on the car floor, finding my limbs crammed into awkward positions, not to mention the fabric was now irritating my skin. Maybe this wasn't worth it. Looking back on it now I probably should have put more thought into my little plan, after all I was wearing still dressed in the nice clothes my father insisted on me wearing every time we went out to eat, which we'd done earlier. I still had yet to change, finding the lacy fabric comfortable. I tried to ignore the icy air. Remember, you wanted this. Yeah but I am cold, I just thought when it happened I'd be a little more comfortable, and strapped into an actual seat. Beggars can't be choosers. I mentally cringed at the internal fight I was having with myself, I didn't have too much time to be disappointed in myself for the car came to a halt and I was lurched to the side, I couldn't help the gasp that escaped my lips. \"Sophia, is that you?\" My father's voice rang out and I knew for a fact I'd been caught, that is to say he hadn't known I was here this whole time. I shamefully lifted my head up, regretting tagging along as his eyes widened in disappointment. \"I am sorry I just really wanted to come.\" I offered but it was clear my apology had fallen upon deaf ears, for he was pulling open the car door a sigh escaping his parched lips. I don't know if it was just me but I think I heard him mutter an, 'what's done, is done.'. I lifted myself out of the car my eyes widening at the house in front of me, I quickly followed after my father, questions leaving my mouth faster than I could comprehend, excitement shinning in my light blue eyes, that had been passed down from many generations of Popescu's. \"I am here on a favor, okay? Please don't get into anything and stay calm. I didn't want to bring you here, I thought I'd ease you in with something a bit easier but I guess that's not going to happen.\" He spoke calmly, giving no sign of fear, leaving my unanswered questions to linger in the bone chilling air. He'd actually had thought of bringing me along one of these days, I felt my lips tug up excitedly. If my mother knew she was here she'd probably turn over in her grave, I was hopeful that maybe one day I'd see her at the cemetery - which my father would take me once every year. He honored most of my mother's wishes and when she passed nothing really changed, besides the body racking sobs that had claimed the occupants in the Popescu residents. I figured once she did you know, die I would be granted more freedom and I could tag along with my dad but turns out nothing much changed and I still had that tight reign wrapped around my neck, threatening to choke me half the time. But I couldn't complain too much because he kept me safe, and that was a father's job, right? The air became thicker as we became closer to the house, my mood shifted completely and I was no longer excited more like on edge. It just didn't feel right and I'd almost wished that I could have stayed back home, but alas this was my own fault. If my father noticed the obvious shift in atmosphere he didn't say anything, as he brought a wrinkled hand to the wooden door and within seconds it'd been opened. I was greeted by two teenagers, or at least they looked like teenagers. My age, or perhaps a tad older. A girl and a boy, even though they didn't say anything and a polite smile had been painted onto their faces I could tell they were curious as to what I was doing there. \"This is my daughter, Sophie. I didn't plan on bringing her, but she insisted.\" Actually I hid in my dad's car, and he didn't know until we got here, so it was too late to go back. He was sugar coating the situation, and I didn't want to correct him so instead I stayed quiet following behind him, feeling just as eager as I once was despite the heavy air weighing down on me. \"Hey, I am Wendy and this is my cousin Matt.\" The dark haired girl, who I know knew as Wendy introduced and I offered a polite smile, as they both got down to business leading us into a large dinning area, an almost empty table lingering in the middle of the room. That along with a few chairs being some of the only furniture in the almost empty room. I breathed in, my eyes lingering on some scratch marks that had been etched into a wall, a dark figure lingering in the corner, it's head tilted to the side. I immediately tensed up when it's electric blue eyes made contact with mine, my eyes adjusted and I could see that this was a charred and burned creature whose cause of death was most likely was fire. I tensed up and my father must of noticed as his eyes made it's way over to the corner, narrowing slightly. \"We asked you to come, because we found these in the floorboards. We decided to go to the library and check it out, this place used to be a mortuary, Ramsey Aickman's to be exact. He had an apprentice, Jonah Aickman. A boy that Matt claims to see, or has seen almost every day since we've lived in this house. In 1967 when they'd meant to redo the road relocate a few graves, they found over a hundred missing. We think Ramsey and Jonah took them, We were hoping you could tell us why, or at least shed a little light onto the situation.\" Wendy started off, her words blurring as I found my attention drawn back to the charred figure in the corner who was wheezing, his head tilted, and the sickening sound of dead skin rubbing against more dead skin filled my ears and I just wanted to get out of here. I could tell my father was hesitant about the next few words he spoke, his eyes scanning the objects in the metal box. \"My daughter is a medium, or she can see ghosts. My wife didn't like taking her anywhere in fear she made contact with ghosts, therefore I haven't brought her on any of these little trips, but she hid herself in the back seat and here we are, she is very inexperienced but I think she could help us.\" My attention was once again relocated to the disgusting creature in the corner, I felt awful for even thinking it disgusting but I realized as it came closer I didn't want it anywhere near me. I felt very wary of this whole situation, and the hair on my neck stood up on end. When I returned my gaze back to my father he was explaining Aickman's weird reason for having a small box full of eyelashes. I thought coming here would be fun, and I'd finally get to see what my father did and watch him at work but I realize now that had been a mistake because I couldn't take my eyes off of the burnt figure slowly creeping closer. It occurred to me then, that he must know I am watching him, after all ghosts choose whether or not they can be seen. Perhaps, he was trying to tell me something. \"We should prey, for all of the poor souls that died here,\" He held out his hands, which Mary gladly took, but Matt looked at hesitantly before accepting it, \"and the boy too.\" My hand made contact with Wendy and Matt's, my eyes lingering on the dead boy lingering over Matt, his face close to the other boys. It was clear, almost immediately that Matt wasn't alright, for his hand tightened around mine, making it almost impossible to pull away. Wendy had to literally yank her hand away and that hadn't even been enough, his eyes were empty and I think that most of all scared me. My father was quick to take action, he used his hands to tilt Matt's head upwards. \"Who are you, what are you doing in my house?\" My eyes widened at the sight of a blonde woman her eyes narrowing in anger at my father, Matt had by now returned back to reality and the blonde woman I was only left to assume was the mother of Matt, who was glaring at my father murderously. \"Get out, now!\" My eyes widened as my father tried to explain our situation to her, it was clear she wasn't buying it and wanted my father and I gone, something I was more than happy to oblige. \"Of course.\" My father spoke softly, pulling out his business card and handing it to the blonde woman his eyes softening slightly. \"You're not alone in this,\" He directed to the blonde. Seemingly for the first time all night his attention was directed towards me, \"Come on, Sophie. Let's go.\" I nodded quickly making my way to my father's side. I couldn't help but watched the blackened and burnt boy standing in the midst of the chaos, watching and observing carelessly. It then occurred to me that this boy who was blind to the naked eyed was always watching, always observing. He was always there, whether anyone knew it or not, and I couldn't help but smile at the thought of someone watching over me like that. ","Summary":" Hii, this is my very first Huanting in Connecticut fanfiction. I recently watched the movie and bec"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Abandoned","Author":"Merlshortcake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9032910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ch a pter 1 I woke up at five with nauseated feeling ,I felt a slight pain in my forehead, which reminds me that I needed to sent my article to Buzz about some random crappy topic, whole evening I was preparing the draft of the article and it finally needed to be sent to the editor. I sat on my chair, took out my Mac and started adding some more intellectual fact on that article, I saw my mom online on , and I quickly went offline. Although she's downstairs yet I did not wanted her to nag about it as I was sleep deprived for few days. I sat down, I couldn't stop gazing outside but it was too foggy outside, it was a winter dawn. I brushed, and bathed. The warm water soothed and eased all my muscles, I untangled my hair ,brushed it firmly and dressed in a random hooded jacket and track pants I sat for a while then off I went for a walk. The wind outside blew my wet yet pony-tailed hair; I could feel a frozen feeling in my skull and on my nape. I walked towards the deserted road which led me to the woods, that was the place I was really fond of I stood there, it was near a serene lake, it was slightly raised like a hill. I could see the greenish like algae tint of the lake. The place was too green as the only color made was GREEN. The dew on the grass appeared to me like shiny pearls which were gleaming as the sun was appearing. After few hours the sun might be seen shining brightly in the azure sky. I sat there on a rock which was covered with moss, I closed my eyes and pretend to forget the world and just be what I really was. There were no sound, sitting beside the quiet and calm lake I tried to listen the voice of nature which seemed to be unheard by the people. It's something different about the stillness of morning, the soon to be appearing chirping of birds were more mystical to me, the strange smell of damp earth speaks that it rained yesterday. The remains of the smell of damp earth were lingering all over the lake. I sat there and imagined myself in Venice, the city I always adored. I imagined be sitting on one of the gondolas and rowing towards nowhere. I felt much calmer and relieved after spending few minutes over there. I returned home. My mother went to work. I went upstairs, took my Mac again and started wondering what should I publish in my next column, how glad I am to be having a column in a daily weekly besides, I took up my courage to write various articles for few sites, I never talked about it to mom neither she knows about it so well as she's into her work 24/7. I had no school today. I went to the kitchen ate some sandwiches and came back to my room. I sat down, did my homework for while. The weather outside was quiet pleasant, I always liked winters, there was something special about it. Summers were the seasons I disliked, the blaring sun shone here so brightly that I'd rather be in my house till it was dusk. I could see my yard from my room's window, standing beside the windowsill I stared down the yard where stood a chinaberry tree, I looked at the neighboring houses, the one at the front was empty and desolated for several years, it looked very deserted from outside, foxgloves hanging on the wall which would soil the house in few years, the place was bushy and dark from coldest winters to shedding autumn, no change could be noticed. Only a strange looking colonial sort of a house from outside, I quickly looked away as that house made me shiver. I wore my canvas and again went to have a short trip to the buffalo boulevard, I'd no idea where I was heading to, I was walking and my mind was at some different state. All my life I'd doubted that my life might be having some interesting stuff or incident but sadly none of my preconceptions were actually true. I had this emptiness that isn't that lucid as it seems. I don't even know about it still I can feel the remnants of something unusual. I was really ambivalent about my life. I stopped at somewhere I'd no idea of. I saw Brie, my good friend along with Claire, his brother. Brie was an extrovert, always impatient though kind from heart. Claire was also my classmate though last year we fought for some thing since he had some hatred feeling for me but I'd never realized that I'd some sort of soft corner for him. I always sat in front , behind or beside him never leaving space more than two seats, whenever I glanced at him, he looked at me viscously I wondered why I'd some sort of attraction towards him. He was a sober person; neither talked much, nor much interacted with anyone. I was fond of his sobriety but hated his guts; he strutted along with his hands like he was marching. I never had much attention from him or any guy from my class and neither had I wanted it. Brie came towards me hopping as usual merrily, I loved her vibrant nature and envied that wish I'd be so gay and bright like her, although I was subdued most of the time, I loved being around with Brie. \"Hey Sumatra, Howdy?\" \"Nothing brie I…hm. can you come along with me I'm going to main street? \"Sure. I was damned the whole day I hate weekends.\" She said impatiently I saw Claire from corner of my eye, he was staring me, I looked down and nodded for what all she said even though I'd not understood a word. Claire clenched his hand and stomped away, I looked at him with that meek look as I'd never understood why he hated me. I remember that day when we fought in the library for some reason which I clearly don't remember. I was in the state where I was about to cry, I gulped down everything and ran away from that battle ground. Claire was an arrogant chap, though he had the sense of kindness and pettiness which ambushed his bravura persona. He was not conceited like other fellow students in our school. Edythe, a girl who was a class in herself, people termed her as a \"petit bourgeois.\" No one dared to sit with her for reason even I'm not clear of. Edythe was pretty nice, despite of her oyster skinned face, long pointed nose and bushy hair. Claire was her lab partner in chemistry, once Josh, brie's lab partner was sitting behind Edythe; he had some perverted plan after the chemistry class. Poor Edythe didn't have a clue about what people were intended to do with her, Claire got to know about it and off he went to punch Josh, he had that masculinity so of course Josh had a good one; Claire is somewhat protective and respects girls. Brie and Claire being twins had a contradicting character. After walking till Main Street we had cups of eggnog then reached back home. C hapter 2 Next day at school was nothing fascinating same old science lectures, few math sums, language and It goes on. I went straight to cafeteria and took my usual seat next to Brie, Todd, Stacy, Gurpreet and Mariah. They were chatting about the new math teacher Mr. Rode, I dislike him not because he was crude or such but I hate math. Claire walked behind me I could feel his constant stare on me while he was walking; he sat next to his pals, just next to our seats. \"Hey guys they'd to be an annual beach carnival next Friday what you guys have planned?\" Brie exclaims All others were murmuring something about the carnival, just then Todd asked, \"you'd be coming sums?\" I hated when he called me 'sums', he just ruined the whole sophistication of my name 'nope I ought to go to my aunts' place next Friday, they'd be a party over there well ya'll have fun there\" I said The day was about to get over, I took my bag from the locker, I walked towards the way to my house, I saw Claire talking to some random guy going from the other way of the street. I sighed and started walking swiftly as I wanted to avoid any incident. I reached home and saw mom was with Phelps, her business partner. She orders some Thai food; they were sitting on the couch and talking about something. I rushed to my room, closed the door and took out my books that I have to read tonight, I switched on my Mac and saw a mail from Brie; it was her vacation photographs which she went with her dad and Claire. I saw Claire with the same attire; I always wondered that he usually wore shirts and trousers, always had tousled hair with auburn hair and an olive complexion. He was very enchanting in some ways; it still confused me that he never smiled in any of his pics. He always had a very grim expression. He was poker faced; his expressions were usually life less, the expressions on his face showed that how reserved and reticent he was in spite of having such a jumpy and chirpy sister who with her soprano voice chatted endlessly everywhere. I went downstairs to see my mother, Phelps wasn't there. I ate some roasted bacon mixed with some sort of a Thai sauce. My mom was at last free from her engaging phone calls that interrupted our conversation frequently. \"So Hun how was your day? She asked quiet dizzily, it seemed she was drunk; she might had some shots with her friends earlier when coming back home. \" ,\" I replied while mumbling my roasted bacon with some garlic bread. \"Tomorrow you'd be going to Sarah's house with me at night; they called us for a dinner\" 'Ok.' I replied weakly I knew Brie and Claire would also be there as they were also her relatives. Sarah was mom's good friend since her university days. They usually meet up in coffee shops or in Sarah's house. Mom already ate the dinner with Phelps and she was looking at me. I looked at her face; she was middle-aged, but pretty women. She was always practical, our character always contrasted with each other but it was an oblivious thing that she adored the way I was, liked my skills and encouraged me all the time. My face half resembled like her, I had the same chestnut hair, same tiny lips, and perky eyebrows. I don't know about my dad, mom told that they were separated for some reason when I was just few months old, she hesitated all the time when I asked about him so I just stopped him referring him as I knew it might yield nothing as mom was so stubborn that she never let me get to know about the actual reason, my maternal aunt used to tell that dad left us uninformed. Once I saw a very unusual globe shaped emerald brooch which was spear shaped with some letters engraved in gold which seemed to be written in Greek. I asked her and she said that she got it from her friend. It was still suspicious as there was same strange design in my mom's nape too. It wasn't some sort of a logo, but some weird old engravings, carved in the same way. I always wondered why mom mother will have such weird tattoo on her nape too. C hapter 3 I was walking in an alley with a man; there were many azaleas in the rear side of the alley, I looked around the whole place, I guess I have never seen it. I looked at that man; his eyes told me that I was his kind, the resemblance was really similar, it was no one but I think, my Dad. We were going hand in hand, there was a plethora of different woody scents from shrubs around the whole place, as we were going through a labyrinth, and suddenly there was massive pitch darkness all over the place, I could only hear \"Sumatra, daddy's here.\" Suddenly I woke up it was 6am in morning, I shook my head in an disapproval that it was just an obnoxious dream, I never wanted to meet my dad, there was no reason behind it, but it was the truth. And I knew, he'd never come I took my duffel bag, took my clothes, Mac, my diary and of course my beautiful pen, a Mont Blanc limited edition which brie gave me on my birthday. My clothes included; jean, sweatshirt, a parka. Today we'd be going to a trip to countryside, it was already too cold and I was so lazy to go anywhere but I couldn't refuse as brie called me and my mom picked it up and brie knew I wouldn't wish to come and she told my mother about it and now I was struck in this trip. It was already sleeting, the weather was pretty harsh and unfavorable but we had no chance as after one month it'd be our tests, I was sitting with Brie as usual, Leah was sitting beside with Mariah, Stacy with Gurpreet. Story to be continued. ","Summary":" Ch a pter 1 I woke up at five with nauseated feeling ,I felt a slight pain in my forehead, which re"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"The Ones Who Dwell Within","Author":"Asha Stone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8959814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The black crows circled above. The constant caws were impatient for a feast. Sweat dripped from my forehead in the twilight. The thick black clouds made it nigh impossible for neither sunlight nor moonlight to touch the earth. The soft breeze flowed across my sweating skin, bringing some relief. It gently kissed my neck and arms. But this heat, it was sinister. I tightened my grip on Eli's warm hand. I knew he was scared, but he didn't show any weakness. Eli pulled me toward Mr. Johansson's barn. The Dutch style barn stood out in the early night. As we drew closer, I saw the rusty red color of the paint peeling off the siding. He swung me inside then closed the huge barn doors, leaving the two of us in the eerie darkness. I gave up hours ago. If it weren't for Eli, well, who knows what would have happened. I heard him drop to the ground beside me. I groped the darkness searching for his hand. The boney fingers I found were ice cold. I jumped back in fear. \"Eli!\" \"I know. They're here. Just stay where you are. I'm going to try to find you.\" Eli's careful footfalls neared the barn doors. The squeak from the doors broke the strong silence. Two months ago, I was diagnosed with leukemia. Eli, my other half, tried to help me as much as he could. Eli and I enrolled at the University of Great Falls, Montana two years ago. Eli double majored in Mechanical Engineering and Auto Tech. I planned my future as an elementary teacher. After the diagnosis, I quit school. I couldn't handle the stress of school and the chemo. Eli came home with me. I begged him to stay in Great Falls. He needed his education. Stubborn Eli ignored my plea. He bought a tiny house in town for the two of us. Even though he made me laugh every day, he couldn't stop the violent pangs and the puking. It was easy to see the helplessness in his eyes. Luckily, we didn't live very far from Denton's Hospital. Only 1,500 people resided in Denton, Montana. I traveled to the hospital every day. The hospital just built a new wing so it could service the few surrounding towns. A kindhearted man named Robert Johansson left his land to the expansion of the hospital, after he died of prostate cancer. He had neither a wife nor children. Of course, the hospital jumped at the opportunity for free land. And I was very thankful to the man. God had surely blessed his soul. I saw the first creature after my first chemotherapy session in the new wing of the hospital. The doctor told me that hallucinations were completely normal. But this wasn't just a hallucination. This sent shivers down my spine. The humped-back creature had the body of a human with long, translucent hair. Strange symbols, none bigger than the size of a penny, were carved into gray, lifeless skin, leaving its entire body, including the face, covered in scabs. Its shirt and pants were crudely made from dingy, burlap fabric and hung loosely from its body. It's muscles were bulging in odd places, as if it walked on all fours. The gray skin on its face wrinkled and sagged; skin drooped over its non-existant eyelids. Eyes were vacant holes in its face, black as the sky during a cloudy night. The thing watched me throughout my entire session. It glided across the floor with inhuman movements and speed. The creature followed me all the way to the car. I could feel its warm, sticky breath on the back of my neck. I closed my eyes until we returned home. Eli thought that I was just exhausted from my chemo, as usual. But I knew, deep down, that this wasn't an illusion. And for whatever reason, it wanted me. Eli was so good to me. I told him what I saw while I was sneaking a smoke in the backyard of our newly purchased house. He believed every word I said, including the part when I told him that I didn't think it was an illusion. I started my research of the strange creatures. I started on the internet, using Google to find as many demon or ghost stories that came from the Denton area. There were no results from my search. I broadened out my investigation to abnormal occurances. I finally found a potential clue. According to a news article in the Denton Tribute, Robert Johansson's farm had been in the family for three generations. In those three generations, his barn had been on fire twice. Neither time had the fire succeeded. The first time the barn set fire, a serial killer had murdered thirteen people. None of the bodies were ever found. They took him into custody and he died on the way to the police stations. According to an autopsy, natural causes took his life. The second fire was supposedly started from lightning striking the barn. Only the outside of the barn was charred. The inside was unscathed. The next day, after my chemo session was over and the creatures were gone, I looked out the window. When they built the wing, they tore down his house, his garage, his machine shed, and even the chicken coop. But the barn stood in the distance. I saw a shadow on the barn doors. Then it suddenly vanished. I became curious; there were no trees to make a dark shadow on the side of the barn. I didn't believe in ghost stories until now. I needed to search out the place. I had to find an answer. The muted moonlight shone through the barn doors. I stood in the center of the circle. Six of the creatures surrounded me. Sweat froze in droplets on the back of my neck and the hair on my arms rose toward the sky. The little color in my face drained instantly. Hot and cold flashes battled for dominance of my body, each stronger than the predecessor. I stared into the black holes where there should have been eyes. The faces, only a few inches from mine, were covered in satanic scabs. Fear gripped me with icy fingers. I bowed my head in defeat. Let Legion take me to hell. \"Oh, God.\" Eli's face turned a frosty white. He had finally seen them. The six creatures lifted their heads to acknowledge Eli as well, staring at him with their blank faces. In one sudden movement, they had left me and circled Eli. This woke me out of my state of surrender. They could do anything to me, but they couldn't touch a hair on Eli's head. Eli fell to his knees and started to curl into a ball. The six creatures reached for Eli. \"No! Go to hell!\" I knew it was masochistic, but I didn't care. I loved Eli. He was the only one who stuck by me thick and thin. My parents had been keeping a distance from me, emotionally prepping themselves for my death. I pulled my smokes and my Zippo out of my pocket. Six hell born angels stalked toward me. I lit a Marlboro and dropped my lit Zippo on the dry alfalfa. The fire ignited and climbed the walls of the barn. I closed my eyes as I felt the heat all around me. The frozen sweat resumed from the paused position, soaking my collar. A warm, gentle hand grabbed my left hand. He slipped the ring on my third finger. The diamond was small and the design in the silver was basic. It was simple, cheap, and perfect. I looked into Eli's eyes. \"I'm never going to leave you.\" ","Summary":" The black crows circled above. The constant caws were impatient for a feast. Sweat dripped from my "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Lost and Found","Author":"CaileeChaos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7938062","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After I finished 'Summertime Suspense' I thought I was through with the Haunting in Connecticut fandom. However, a new friend has requested that I revisit our favorite ghost named Jonah. So here it is, a one-shot for llx-BetraylsandForgivness-xll . Credit for the names Sage and Autumn go to her. I hope you like it! Enjoy and, as always, review! She was born on a cool June night in nineteen twenty-three in the back of her grandmother's house. Weighing eight pounds and six ounces, she was fourteen inches long and the prettiest baby her mother had ever seen. They named her Florence Sage Holbrook. The name Florence was a family name on her father's side and had been passed down for generations; Sage came from her mother's untamable creativity. Charles, her father, had argued strongly against the strange middle name but her mother was resilient and it stuck. From the time the charming child could walk and talk she was glued to her mother's side. Her mother was her best friend in the whole world and as a result of the kinship she'd developed a fondness towards her middle name. When she started school she took it upon herself to make sure everyone within a fifteen mile radius knew that her name was Sage Holbrook, because her momma said so. Sage lived a charmed life despite the turn in the economy when the Great Depression hit. She and her family lived in a delightful little town called Goatswood, Connecticut. Her father was an architect that worked mainly in New York City. Though her father's job supplied their family with more than enough money, her mother Autumn was not satisfied with the life of a homemaker. She got a job as a mortician's assistant at a funeral home that sat just three blocks from their house arguing that if she \"sat at home all day listening to the president on the radio or reading Walter Winchell's gossip column\" she would never be happy with herself. When Sage was nine a new family moved to the neighborhood. They were a well-to-do couple named Frank and Helen O'Shea. Frank was a military man having grown up in the shadow of his father, an Irish immigrant famous for his bravery in World War I under General Pershing. Frank met Helen when he was stationed in Columbus, GA at Fort Benning as a part of the infantry division. Helen's husband Howard Sullivan had just passed away of the influenza outbreak. The lonely pair became fast friends and soon began courting, despite the objections of Helen's son Jonah. A year after they met Frank proposed; they married the following spring and moved to Goatswood two years later when Frank transferred to the navy and got reassigned to a naval base near Hartsford. The O'Sheas and the Holbrooks hit it off immediately. Although Jonah objected vehemently to the move from his beautiful southern home to the frigid northern city, he found himself quickly entranced by Sage. She was a year younger than he and absolutely stunning. Even at ten years old Jonah knew she would grow up to be the most beautiful woman on the planet. He also swore he was going to marry her. Jonah told this to his mother one night as she was tucking him in to bed. They'd gotten in late; the Holbrooks had invited the O'Sheas out to the theatre to see the newest Shirley Temple movie. As Jonah recalled the wondrous look on Sage's face as she watched her favorite star tap dance and sing across the screen the ardent swear just sort of slipped out. \"Mother, I'm going to marry Sage one day.\" Helen laughed innocently at her son's passionate words. She affectionately smoothed the brunette locks covering his head. \"She is quite the charmer, is she not? And a pretty little thing, too! Why, I should be delighted to have her in the family.\" With that she kissed the tip of his nose and bid him goodnight. Helen had muttered those words as a harmlessly and without thought. But Jonah believed he had received her blessing to pursue Sage's young heart and set out on his brave endeavor. \"What do you mean you want to court me?\" \"I want to court you...I thought it was a rather straightforward statement, actually.\" \"Jonah,\" Sage pointedly told the pale boy, hands on her jutted hips. \"You cannot court me. I am only nine years old! Everyone knows it is not appropriate to court until you are at least ten.\" A light blush spread across the boy's cheeks, still pudgy from baby fat. He was embarrassed; he should have known that! Why hadn't mother told him? Suddenly, his eyebrows shot up, disappearing beneath his bangs. \"Well, I'm ten! Does that count?\" Sage's lightly freckled nose scrunched in deep thought. Finally, she shrugged, \"I suppose...\" \"Brilliant!\" he cheered. Sage looked at him expectantly. Oh, right. Jonah cleared his throat, \"Sage Holbrook, may I have the honor of courting you?\" A magnificent smile split her face, \"Yes, I would be delighted!\" With matching grins, the children shook on it. Over the course of the next few years Jonah and Sage 'courted'. Often they were found together, huddling in corners or giggling secretly to one another, but never did they get so physical as to even hold hands. After all, at that age the opposite sex still had cooties. It wasn't until they were slightly older and enduring the physical and emotional strains of puberty that the duo made the drastic change from best friends to romantic lovers. The change occurred one Saturday evening at the Holbrooks' home. The Yankees had made it to the World Series and like all major sports events the game would be broadcasted over the radio. Quite the socialites, the Holbrooks decided to throw a party for such an occasion and gathered many from all over town in their three-story home to listen to the momentous baseball game. The guest list just so happened to include Jack Rutherford, son of Samuel and Betty Rutherford, business associates of Charles Holbrook. It was no secret that Jack had set his sights on Sage long ago. In his eyes, they would be the perfect couple, what with their equally good looks and high standings in society. It was also public knowledge that Sage, and by association Jonah, loathed Jack Rutherford with a somewhat unhealthy passion. \"I cannot believe you invited him,\" hissed Sage as she hid from their guests behind her mother. Autumn Holbrook smiled charmingly at some onlookers before wrapping her arm comfortingly around her daughter's shoulders, \"I know he's a bother, dear, but Samuel and his clients bring big money in for your father. To not invite him would be extremely unwise.\" Sage stubbornly pursed her lips, \"Isn't it you who always tells me 'money isn't everything'?\" Her mother gave a tickled grin. \"Tell you what, the second you decide that you are no longer in need of schooling and are satisfied with wearing hand-me-downs, we'll take the Rutherfords off the guest list, hmmm?\" Sage said nothing to this and merely turned on her heel, storming out of the den up the stairs. Where was Jonah? He and his parents should have been there ages ago. Sage briefly debated on sneaking out her second story window to cut through the thicket of woods between their homes. Unfortunately, before Sage could come to a decision, footsteps thundered on the hardwood floor behind her. She spun and came face-to-face with a gorgeous fair-haired boy. Sage winced, attempting to smooth her dress nonchalantly. \"Hello, Jack.\" \"Sage.\" The boy gave a pleasant grin. \"Lovely gathering. Your mother sure knows how to throw them... Think the Yankees will go all the way this year?\" Like her father, Sage was an ardent Yankees fan. However, she was well aware of Jack Rutherford's devotion to the baseball team. So, she shrugged, lying in hopes that'd storm away offended, \"Doubtful.\" Jack scoffed incredulously, \"Surprising. I was under the impression you were a supporter.\" \"I must report that you are sadly mistaken,\" she offered briskly in return. It was apparent that Jack had no intention of leaving so Sage turned to do so with a quiet, \"Excuse me.\" \"Not so fast,\" Jack caught her arm. \"Where's the fire?\" Sage burned with rage. How dare he handle her so brutishly in her own home? Who did he think he was? \"Let me go,\" she growled, struggling futilely against his grip before finally yanking away. Her hand flew to her sore arm, the reddish-white outline of Jack's harsh grip alarmingly bright on her skin. \"How dare you!\" \"Oh, you're overreacting,\" laughed Jack good-naturedly. \"Relax, Holbrook; I meant no harm.\" \"No harm?\" she seethed. \"Look at my arm!\" \"Wh-\" \"Is there a problem here?\" Jack and Sage spun to see Jonah Sullivan ascending the second floor landing. His face, which had finally lost all traces of his youth and matured quite nicely, was stern. Jonah's eyes narrowed as he approached the quarreling duo. He brought a hand to the lower of Sage's back, asking in a voice so soft only she could hear, \"Are you alright?\" \"Yes,\" murmured Sage, angling towards him instantly feeling calmed by his presence. \"Let's go downstairs.\" Jonah paused to glare at Jack, who was wearing a haughty, somewhat mocking grin, but eventually nodded. They turned and he guided her down the staircase. When they reached the lower floor they were surrounded by boisterous party goers and loud music. Sage discreetly took Jonah's hand in her own and dove through the crowd. They exited her home through the back door to settle down on the wicker furniture inside the screened in porch. There was a cool chill to the night air and Jonah watched Sage shiver. His jacket was off in an instant. He slipped the brown coat around her shoulders. Sage thanked him and pulled the lapels closer. She blinked, slightly miffed from her miniscule confrontation. She finally faced Jonah. \"You were late.\" \"Frank and I were at it again.\" Sage winced in sympathy, \"What about this time?\" A sardonic grin lifted the corners of Jonah's thin lips. He shot Sage a look of dire amusement. \"My tie, believe it or not.\" \"Your tie! Jonah, of all things…! Honestly, I know you and your step-father don't see eye-to-eye but can't you at least try to-\" \"I do try! You know, I do. It's him that has the problem,\" Jonah protested, proceeding to mutter foul and false proclamations about his step-father under his breath. Sage shook her head; she knew Jonah did not mean a word he said but his antics entertained her nonetheless. She placed a hand on his knee, \"You poor thing.\" Jonah's heart fluttered inside his chest as he peered down over at her, his heated declarations falling silent on his lips. \"S'not so bad, I suppose…\" He cleared his throat and his eyes drifted down to her delicate, little hand. An abnormal fury swelled up within him when he noticed the light bruising on her arm from the Rutherford prat's grip. \"I'll kill him.\" Sage tugged Jonah's jacket over her arm, shielding the red hand-print. \"S'not so bad,\" she echoed his words. She watched his jaw flex and captured his hand, bringing it to her lap to rub her thumb soothingly over his palms. \"Thank you arriving when you did. He's such a snot. I wouldn't have been able to endure another moment in his presence.\" \"You don't have to thank me,\" Jonah hoarsely mumbled. His throat had gone dry. Odd. Sage flashed him a doting smile. She nodded, \"Yes, I do. My Jonah, my hero… What do you say we get you a cape and you can fly around in the sky like that Superman fellow?\" \"Superman?\" \"Yes. Remember, I showed you the comic book last week. My cousin Archie in Ohio mailed it to me; it's some new comic series about an alien from a planet far away who comes to Earth and becomes a great superhero. He's so powerful he can see through walls and pick up entire buildings with one hand!\" Jonah snorted, \"Sounds stupid…\" Sage shrugged, \"Perhaps.\" The pair sat under the dim light of the moon for another half hour or so, holding hands and talking sweetly in soft tones. When Sage's father stepped out to announce that the broadcast was about to begin the duo hastily broke apart, blushing like mad. Sage handed her companion his jacket and stood to follow her father. Jonah trailed behind her, confused when she stopped and turned back to him just before she reached the door. \"I know we joke, but truly, Jonah, thank you for tonight…and for all you've ever done for me really,\" said the beautiful girl quietly. Her nose was rosy, her eyes glassy. \"You are so sweet…\" She brought a hand to cup his pale cheek and hastily placed a kiss on the corner of his mouth. \"Thank you, Jonah.\" She skirted inside behind her father, leaving a very stunned Jonah frozen on the porch and grinning like mad. The very next day Jonah sat down with his mother, step-father, and the Holbrooks. He confessed his insane love for Sage and professed his intentions of marrying her. That is, of course, after he received a blessing from her father. Frank had few congratulatory words to offer but his mother and the Holbrooks were ecstatic. Jonah was granted a blessing almost instantly. With his intended proposal in mind he took Sage to the park that night and officially asked to court her, but to truly court this time around. Sage agreed wholeheartedly and the pair of childhood friends fell into a fast, whirlwind of happiness. Unfortunately, as all fairytales go, this happiness was short lived and the real story began. It all started one Tuesday morning, a rather boring morning actually. Sage was busy preparing herself for school, curling her hair tight against her head – as was the fashion of the late thirties – and ironing her dress, making sure to press the shortened sleeves just right. As she pulled on the dark green dress her mother appeared in her doorway. \"Darling, the city bus has broken down. I will be driving you and Jonah to school today but we'll need to leave a few minutes earlier than usual. I have to drop by Mr. Aickman's before we go.\" Sage nodded and murmured some sort of acknowledgement, asking her mother if Jonah knew yet. Autumn Holbrook frowned, \"Oh, dear, no. Charles has already left or I'd send him over. I suppose I need to ring them.\" Ten minutes later Jonah arrived, dressed and ready for school. He helped the Holbrook's maid Tilly prepare a quick breakfast to go before climbing the staircase to Sage's room. The striking girl was standing in front of a floor to ceiling mirror holding out the skirt of a dress that hung snuggly from her waist. Her lips were dipped into a strange frown that looked so out of place on her beautiful face. \"You look stunning,\" he declared, startling Sage. \"Good, you're here. I was worried you wouldn't get here early enough. We have to run by-\" \"The funeral home, I know. Tilly told me.\" Sage nodded and pulled her coat off a wall hanger. As she chatted amiably about her morning Jonah slipped up behind her to assist her with her coat, placing a tender kiss on her bare shoulder as he did so. Sage swatted at him but grinned and gave a small laugh. He studied his longtime friend as she dashed about the room grabbing this and putting away that. Another twenty minutes passed, when finally, the trio climbed into the Holbrook family car. They drove three blocks to the Aickman Mortuary and Funeral Home and Autumn Holbrook climbed from the vehicle, beckoning the children to crab the plates of food from the trunk and come along. \"What's all this food for?\" Jonah asked as he managed to awkwardly shut the trunk while juggling several trays. Sage shrugged, \"Dunno.\" They followed her mother into the funeral home where she led them to the small kitchen in the back. A small gathering of people trickled in and out of them home, preparing for what looked like a last-photo session. Due to the Depression the art of photography had been increasingly neglected. People didn't have money to spend on food, much less to waste on photographs. Because of this it became common that the only photos taken in one's lifetime were in the event of their death. The deceased's family members would gather around the lifeless body for one final picture, something to remember them by. It was a rather sad state of affairs, admittedly. Jonah and Sage set the food down on the counter. They looked at one another uncertainly. Sage eventually lifted back the corner of the paper wrappings; there was a sort of casserole in the pan. \"I suppose we need to put these in the refrigerator. Help me take off the wrappings, will you?\" While the children did this Autumn made her way to Mr. Aickman's office. Ramsey Aickman was a kind man; an old soul, he had a thick mop of salt-and-pepper hair accompanied by a full beard and wore a circular pair of bifocals. When she entered his office, her employer found himself in a battle of strengths against a rather bulgy box. Autumn's hands rushed out to help the old, withering man. \"Oh, Mr. Aickman! Here, let me get that!\" The funeral director continued to struggle under the weight of the massive box, his frail arms and legs shaking. \"Nonsense,\" he grunted, wobbling forward to drop the box onto the table with a loud thud! Panting impressively, the older man was nearly wheezing as he wiped his brow. Aickman shot his employee an awkward grin that was more of a grimace than smile. \"I'm fine, dearie. Just old.\" Autumn eyed her boss cautiously, as if waiting for him to pass out or have a heart attack. She tentatively escorted him to a chair and allowed him to catch his breath. \"Perhaps we should find you another assistant, Mr. Aickman. Some strapping, young lad to help out with the heavy lifting and the more blue-collar tasks. What do you say? I can have Charles look aroun-\" \"Jonah could do it!\" Autumn turned at the sound of her daughter's voice. Sage was standing in the doorway of the sun room, Jonah at her side. The brunette boy's eyes were wide as he glanced between Sage and her mother. His mouth popped open like a fish but before he could speak Sage barreled on, \"He's strong and young! Has lots of years of work left in him. Plus, he's brilliant. Very intelligent, and a hard worker, Mr. Aickman. You won't find another like him...\" Ramsey Aickman gave a wry grin, adjusting his filthy glasses on the bridge of his narrow nose. \"With wit like that, Autumn, your daughter is sure to be a politician's wife one day. What do you think, miss, governor or senator?\" \"Senator,\" beamed Sage. \"I absolutely adore Washington.\" Mr. Aickman chuckled, his pot-belly jovially shaking, \"Very good, Miss Holbrook, very good...well, is this the lad? Come here, boy, let me get a look at you.\" Jonah, with a helpful shove from Sage, stumbled forward to halt uncertainly in front of the old man's chair. He looked, thought Jonah, like Santa Claus after a particularly grueling holiday season. No doubt the man had seen better years health wise. Mr. Aickman's eyes, which were hidden by his glasses, inspected Jonah; he scrutinized every nook and cranny of her dear friend's body, eventually tilting his head and declaring, \"You can start tomorrow.\" He promptly informed Jonah that he was to be there at precisely four o'clock every Tuesday through Thursday and would receive an average of two dollars per day of work. The men shook hands and they were off to school. For the next three weeks Jonah worked very hard for Mr. Aickman, carrying boxes, moving furniture, lifting and transporting coffins, and occasionally fixing broken fixtures about the house such as the sink in the upstairs bathroom that had become loose from the wall. Each day he went straight from work to the Holbrook home to relay to Sage the exceedingly ordinary events of his extraordinary day. Though Sage saw the triviality in these pointless conversations, she couldn't help but sit and listen as her best friend retold his day with such an excitement that she thought he might burst. Since his father passed away Jonah had desperately searched for such a figure; his mother had hoped that Frank could be that role model. Unfortunately he and Jonah were merely too different and it seemed Jonah was finally finding his father-figure in a harmless, old man who spent his days amid death and loss, familiar concepts to the boy who lost his own father so young. It wasn't until Jonah's fourth week at work that something truly worth retelling occurred. A young boy had died of the influenza. His family was having a burial for him that day in the cemetery behind the Aickman Funeral Home. After Aickman embalmed the boy and stitched him back up, Autumn dressed the poor lifeless child, applying a light cover of make-up to his pasty skin. When the boy's body was dressed and looking appropriately, Jonah picked up the child and laid him gently in his coffin. Jonah's heart broke as he did so. The coffin was so very small and the body had fallen due to the very illness that had taken his father all those years ago. His blue eyes misted as he peered down at the young boy, who simply seemed asleep. He tenderly stroked the boys short black hair, breathing, \"Sleep well,\" when suddenly, the boy's eyes opened. \"Ah!\" Jonah shouted, staggering away from the coffin. Impossible! The boy had been embalmed, his organs and heart removed. He had been cut open, split from neck to navel; even if the boy had been alive and only perceived as dead he would not have survived the embalming! \"Jonah? Jonah, what is it?\" Autumn Holbrook appeared, her face stricken with worry. She laid a comforting hand on his arm, \"Jonah?\" The horrified young man blinked rapidly, approaching the coffin. The dead boy's eyes were closed. Jonah gave a hallowed, barking laugh and rubbed his eyes, \"I'm sorry, Mrs. Holbrook. It seems I dozed off into a strange day dream for a moment. Forgive me.\" Autumn studied him curiously for a moment before nodding, \"If you're sure.\" \"I assure you, I'm fine. Please, I apologize for the interruption. Please, continue your work.\" With one final weary glance she did just that and Jonah slid the lid of the coffin shut with a resounding snap. This would not be the first time this strange event happened. Over the next several weeks Jonah would experience otherworldly phenomena. Not only would the eyes of the dead open but sometimes they reached for him or spoke to him, their words unintelligible and raspy. The Depression had driven half of America mad with starvation and the stress of such economic hardships. Mental hospitals were popping up left and right, all over the States, and Jonah, for fear of being admitted to such an institution, did his best to keeps these terrifying occurrences to himself lest he find himself in one of those unsavory hospitals. As it were, Ramsey Aickman, despite how old he may have been, had been blessed with a keen eye at a young age and took note of the bizarre affairs quite instantly. At first he was unsure of the meaning behind the happenings. He was torn, as the boy was obviously being tortured by the events, but what was he to do? How was he to end his apprentices' sufferings and put the boy's mind at ease? That was when Ramsey began to read. For hours the old man would pour over stacks of thickly bound books, his ancient eyes moist with exhaustion. His readings only spurned his torment as he learned that Jonah was, what one in the field of the supernatural would call, a medium - someone with heavy connection to the spirits of dead, who may even be able to communicate with the deceased. This was what eventually led to Aickman's first experimentation. It was a Thursday night and Jonah was about to leave work when Aickman stopped him and asked him to join him in his office. Jonah did so obediently, freezing when he saw the coffin just inside the large room. Aickman watched the boy carefully and instructed him to lift the lid of the coffin. Jonah swallowed, doing so hesitantly. A woman's body was inside the coffin. Jonah winced, waiting for her to grab at him or hiss. But she remained still. The funeral director moved to Jonah's side. \"Tell me what you see...\" Jonah's brow dipped in confusion, \"I see the woman.\" He heard Aickman's sharp intake of breath and Jonah peered at his mentor, terror in his blue eyes. \"Sir?\" Aickman pointedly asked Jonah if he was sure. Jonah looked once more and the woman remained. \"I don't understand…yes, I'm sure.\" Aickman said nothing and Jonah's eyes bore a hole into the coffin when, abruptly, the corpse dissolved into thin air. She was gone. Jonah's throat ran dry and he stammered pitifully. Mr. Aickman clasped the boy's shoulder and gruffly spoke, \"There isn't a body in there, boy. You have a gift.\" \"A g-gift? You call this a gift!\" \"Of course it is! You, in the course of a few weeks, have done what man has always strived but never succeeded to do! You have a sensitivity to the dead; you are able to communicate with them, a medium! A clairvoyant! Truly marvelous and talented, you are!\" Jonah was horrified that he had been discovered. He'd been trying so very hard to cover it up - his paranoid eyes, his permanently sweaty brow, his labored breaths and jumpiness. And here, Mr. Aickman had known all along. To hear his condition given a name, medium, clairvoyant; Jonah was paralyzed. \"Am I ill?\" \"No, my boy, you are a blessing. An angel sent by God to aid me. Now go, go home and rest. I should like to see you Saturday. Arrive early. There is much work to be done.\" Practically petrified, Jonah stumbled home through the woods and vomited the second he set foot in his home. He remained catatonic for the duration of the night and stayed out of school the following day. Come two o'clock Sage appeared in his doorway, her gentle eyes gleaming with concern. She approached his bedside, kneeling on the floor to brush her fingers across his forehead, \"Your mother told me you were ill...Jonah, love, what's going on? You've been distant for weeks and now…? Is something wrong?\" The weak boy stared pathetically back at the girl he was so besotted with. His eyes stung with tears and before he could stop himself, he wept. Sage, alarmed by his emotional outburst, held him in her arms while he sobbed, muttering tender words and comfortingly stroking his hair. When he tears finally dried, she placed a soft kiss on his forehead and shivered as he nuzzled her neck. \"Will you tell me what troubles you?\" \"Yes,\" he croaked. \"But not today.\" Jonah was hesitant to return to the mortuary Saturday. His health was still questionable and, in spite of her brave face, he knew Sage was hurt that he was hiding something from her. Nevertheless, he had come to admire Ramsey Aickman greatly and did not want to upset the elder man. He ascended the steps of Aickman home at exactly eight o'clock. Before he could knock the door swung open and Mr. Aickman immediately drew him to the basement where the embalming and cremation occurred. There was a medical table in the middle of the cold room and atop the table a naked corpse. Jonah thickly swallowed, \"Mr. Aickman...?\" \"Don't be afraid, son. There is nothing to be scared of.\" That was the day Jonah's rapidly spiraling life plummeted out of control. Their activities started out as shameful but harmless acts; they practiced Jonah's abilities by bothering spirits of the dead, provoking and taunting them. As Jonah's ability grew, taking shape and giving him an element of control, Aickman realized the power to be had there. He tried but failed to contact high profile doctors and researchers in New York, each time the rejection stinging worse and worse. His boy was brilliant! A God among insects! Why would no one listen? He strived for a way to enhance Jonah's talent, to make the world see. He buried himself in dark books and even went so far as to close the funeral home and take extended trips out state to consult with specialists. Many months passed in this fashion before he finally found the key. \"You cannot do this! This is too much! It's necromancy!\" cried Jonah, revolted bile rising in his throat as he watched a man he'd grown to respect and admire cut the eyelids off the corpse of a middle-aged man who had died of a stroke. Aickman tried to argue futilely with the hysterical boy before Jonah could take no more. He bolted out of the house and ran through the woods, ducking under swooping branches and dodging the odd stump. When he arrived at the Holbrooks back porch, he climbed up the railing and onto the roof of the screened in porch. He scrambled over the roofing and clawed frantically at Sage's bedroom window. \"Jonah?\" she groggily called. \"What on earth are you doing here at this hour? If my father catches you - Jonah, why are you so pale? You're shaking! Oh, love, come inside. Come inside.\" Jonah collapsed on the floor of her bedroom, his back slumping against her grand sleigh bed. Sage drew near to his side as he fought tears. With one quivering breath he began to talk and confessed to her every wicked thing he and Aickman had done. He watched as horror and repulsion flickered across her face whilst he spoke. When he drew to a close with a great, final sob, he asked his dear friend, \"Is it unforgiveable? The things I have done? We stole bodies...replaced them with sandbags and allowed their loved ones to bury empty caskets...we toyed and tinkered with their bodies in despicable ways… What we have done is truly ungodly. I have sinned immensely, Sage, and I know not how to redeem myself.\" \"Oh, Jonah, my sweet, sweet Jonah,\" cooed Sage, cupping his face in her dainty hands. She kissed away his tears, trying desperately to console the desolate boy. \"You are not unforgiveable! What this man is making you do is wrong, Jonah, and not at all your fault. Do you hear me?\" Jonah managed to nod, clinging to the magnificent girl at her side. \"I am so sorry, Sage...\" Sage felt despair burning like a great inferno within her chest. She didn't understand! Ramsey Aickman had always been a good man, kind to her mother and generous to the people of Goatswood. How could he do such terrible, evil things? Sage wrapped her arms around Jonah and drew him to her bed. He needed rest. The distressed boy fell into a deep slumber the second his head hit the pillow. When Jonah awoke the next morning Sage was at his side. She fed him broth and washed his face and brow with a damp cloth. They spoke not of the previous night but turned discussion to mundane topics - they spoke of the rising price of meat (prime beef was up to forty-two cents a pound) and of the new Duke Ellington song. Sage showed him her new shoes, sent from her aunt as an early seventeenth birthday present. Jonah commented appropriately and gave a smile of approval. Jonah did not return to the Aickman house for many weeks. Sage urged her mother to quit her job in spite of Jonah's protest that he posed no danger to Autumn Holbrook. To those words Sage bit, \"He mutilates corpses and tortures teenage boys. Why would I want my mother around this monster?\" However, because Jonah was so ashamed of his actions, he made Sage promise and swear to keep what he had divulged to her a secret. Sage had no concrete reasons then for her mother to cease work and Autumn carried on with her duties. This made her daughter dreadfully uncomfortable but at least the old man was staying away from Jonah; or so she thought. One day Jonah and Sage were walking home from the bus stop when a man in a pressed suit drove by. He pulled his car off onto the shoulder of the road. The man climbed from the vehicle and called them over. He introduced himself as Harold McGhee, ace news correspondence from The World Newspaper in New York City. He shook Jonah's hand enthusiastically, \"Mr. Jonah Sullivan, correct?\" Jonah hesitantly glanced at Sage, \"Yes. Can I help you?\" \"I was just visiting with Mr. Ramsey Aickman; he's told me some spectacular things about you.\" Jonah's pulse sped up, his heart pounding in his chest. His lips parted but no noise came. It was Sage who spoke, \"Ramsey Aickman is a sick man. Nothing of what he has said is true. Publish a lick of it and I'll have my father sue you for slander!\" With that she took Jonah's arm and pulled him along. This would not be the last reporter to frequent Goatswood in hopes of seeing the 'Boy Who Speaks to Ghosts!' Jonah and his family were plagued by persistent reports and photographers day and night. Frank O'Shea was one step away from calling up an old army buddy in the Capitol when Jonah finally submitted to their will. If it was an interview they wanted it was an interview they'd get. They called it a séance, a French word meaning performance or meeting. Jonah and five sitters gathered 'round a table on the first floor of the funeral home. The sitters were fairly normal people: an Ivy League professor from Mass, two reports, Aickman, and a woman, accompanied by her son, who had just lost her husband. They wanted Jonah to summon and communicate with the deceased husband. This was the first time Jonah experienced body-possession. It was unlike anything he'd ever felt before. His body went rigid at first, stiff and straight. Then, his limbs and torso began to convulse by no action of his own. He pivoted and shook painfully, his knees and elbows banging the table as he began to choke. Suddenly, he couldn't breathe and his vision blurred. That's when he felt the cool, gelatinous liquid oozing out of his ears. He was vaguely aware of a distant camera flashing as his body slumped forward and he slipped from consciousness. He awoke several hours later under the care of old man Aickman. Jonah was disgusted with the man, but more so disgusted with himself. How could he let this happen? Upon his coming-to he was shown pictures of himself and the sitters. He looked with wide, fearful eyes, studying the black and white photograph. His fingers flew to his ears. They were clean; Aickman had bathed his face with a damp cloth. Jonah couldn't find it within himself to thank the funeral director and stood, instantly taking his leave. A week later the photographs were published in a New York scientific journal as well as several local, Connecticut papers. Jonah was humiliated and Sage was furious. It didn't take long for her anger to mount and she confronted her childhood playmate. \"I thought you knew better, Jonah! This is borderline devil worship! You know this is evil and wrong, and you preach to me about keeping my distance. Yet you have the gall to go behind my back and consort with him? Does your own wellbeing hold no value to you?\" \"Of course, it does, but you don't understand. They weren't going to give me a moment's peace! I had no choice!\" he pleaded but Sage wouldn't have it. She furiously shook her head, dismissing his words, \"And do you get your moment's peace now? Now that you are the boy who speaks to ghosts, the boy who becomes possessed by the dead? Now that all of America knows of you and yearns for more? I hope your peace finds you, Jonah, and I hope you enjoy it because I will be no part of it.\" \"Sage…\" The beautiful girl bit her bottom lip, her eyes moistening with tears. \"No, Jonah…this is wrong. I will not be a part of it.\" For Jonah, the next several weeks would be the worst of his life. As Sage predicted, the reports did not let him be. Everywhere he went eyes followed him – curious neighbors, gossiping Goatswood citizens, and, of course, the reporters with their notepad and pen ever at the ready. His every move was criticized and documented for the public to see. Most were curious about the strange boy, but some called him devil, called his witch. Between the constant scrutiny, Sage shunning him, and his step-father's constant fury with his behavior, Jonah felt so very alone. In this desperation he turned to the only person who seemed genuinely pleased with him, even proud. Ramsey Aickman. They continued with their séances, which were becoming increasingly popular. Scholars, professors, and doctors from all over the states drove in to witness these miraculous events. Of course, every day people came to their door as well, asking to speak with loved ones long passed. Some left pleased, other's horrified, but none were turned away. Aickman revealed in the attention – after all, Jonah was his discovery – while Jonah bathed in the older man's recognition and fond, proud affections. Though Jonah's conscience prickled with foreboding, his pushed these feelings aside and continued with their work. Many nights he argued to himself that he was helping people. These men and women who came to them begging for communication with deceased spouses, children, siblings, parents, friends; they sought closure in final goodbyes. Who was he to turn them away? Yet with every day that passed the longing in his heart for Sage grew and grew until it manifested in a physical illness. He had lost the one person he held most dear. The pain over losing Sage grew in his heart until Jonah fell deathly sick one evening and proceeded to vomit all over the floor of the funeral home. Mr. Aickman was at his side immediately, frail arms scooping under Jonah's quaking limbs. \"My boy! My boy, are you alright?\" \"Fine, sir,\" managed Jonah with a weak groan. His mouth tasted foul and his nose tickled with an awful stench. \"What…what is that smell?\" He watched Aickman's eyes grow wide behind his round glasses. \"Is that what has made you ill?\" Jonah frowned, \"Perhaps.\" Aickman looked toward the walls surrounding them, a great furrow to his bushy brow. The old man helped the frail boy to the nearby table, setting him as gently as he could in a chair. His thin, chapped lips pulled over his yellow teeth as he muttered to himself, \"Yes, I realize now I should have done something about the odor…no matter…some candles, perhaps burning herbs wou-\" \"Sir? What are you talking about?\" Mr. Aickman fell silent and peered at his apprentice. Slowly, he withdrew a chair from the table and sat, facing the boy. \"Jonah…have you not felt it? The change in your power? The growth?\" Jonah's heart quickened in beat and he nodded. \"Yes, sir.\" \"Though that comes partially to your devoted practice I must admit that I am not blameless. You see,\" he gave a mischievous grin. \"I found a way to amplify your abilities. I found a way to channel the spirits of those long gone and make you a force to be reckoned with!\" Dread swelled with zero abandon in Jonah's stomach. He stood immediately, his fatigue be damned. \"What have you done?\" he demanded, his eyes clinging to the walls. The stench…it was almost familiar. It smelled like… \"Yes,\" the old man spoke aloud, confirming the thoughts he could see churning in Jonah's mind. \"Yes, I've put them in the walls…don't you see, Jonah, there is no other way. Why should the bodies be laid to waste? They do nothing but rot in a box in the ground. Here, they can be used to help! Think of the science! Think of the things we can learn! Jonah, these séances are only the first step in the long road ahead of you and what I have done was necessary-\" \"What you have done is necromancy!\" roared Jonah. His once beloved mentor's actions had sickened him beyond the point of belief. Standing there amidst the body-filled walls, Jonah felt a great remorse swell within him followed in an instant by an overwhelming fury. \"What you have done is immoral and wrong! It's evil! You had no right to disgrace their bodies this way! No right to-\" \"To make you famous? To give you a name?\" \"I don't want it!\" Jonah shrieked, storming around the old man. He barreled towards the front door when Aickman caught the tail of his shirt, \"Boy! Do-\" \"Let go of me!\" Jonah wheeled on the older man, shoving him off. \"I am through! I am not your pet! I am not an instrument to be polished and played for your scholars and reporters! I will not do this and you cannot make me!\" Ramsey Aickman masked his shock well. He twisted his lips into a vicious, repulsive smile. He sneered at the young boy, his face turning red with rage. His voice came out in a hiss, \"Are you sure?\" There was no denying the shiver that ran over his body at the manipulative man's words. Jonah stiffened and squared his shoulders. They duo stared at one another for a very short but tense beat and Jonah finally turned and stormed out the door. Instinctively, he foots took him to the Holbrook's home. Sage sat on the back porch in a lovely pink dress that was cinched at the waist with a white ribbon. Her ankles were crossed, a school book in her lap. She did not notice him at first but when she did she stiffened terribly. Jonah felt a wave of repentance wash over him. Was this what their once perfect relationship had dwindled to? The truth was hard to grasp; it was even harder to comprehend knowing that he was the cause. \"Sage…\" he croaked her name like a plea of forgiveness. In one graceful movement her book was discarded and Sage stood, going instantly to Jonah's side. He collapsed yet again into her arms, boundless sobs heaving his chest. He confessed everything, detailing his discovery and filling in the gaps in his own naivety as he did so. He should have seen; he should have known. As he wept in her arms Sage resumed the duties of a caring friend and soothed him as best she could. She caressed his shoulders and arms, rubbed circles in his back, and repeatedly placed sweet, tender kisses to his forehead, cheeks, and temples. \"I should have listened to you,\" Jonah breathed as the last of his tears fell. \"God, I am so sorry, Sage. I'm so sorry. You ha-\" \"Shush,\" his best friend told him. She peered at him with wet eyes, her hands cupping his face. \"You need not apologize. I am the one who should be sorry. I abandoned you when you needed me most. Shunned you when the world began to attack. I was awful to you and completely incapable of understanding. I am so deeply sorry. Can you ever forgive me?\" Jonah's eyes closed as he pulled her to him. Their arms wrapped around each other in a fluid, familiar embrace. As they cradled one another night fell and they made their way to Sage's bedroom, her parents none the wiser. Sage closed her door with a soft click and faced the broken boy. \"What will you do?\" Jonah's face was honest in his determination. \"I have to stop him.\" \"How?\" His expression only faltered a little. He took a seat on her floor beneath the large window. His eyes closed and he leant his head on the window sill. \"I don't know,\" Jonah murmured softly. Sage's heart broke as she moved to sit beside her best friend. She brought his hand to her lap, intertwining their fingers and whispering, \"I will help you find a way.\" Jonah draped his arm around her shoulder, holding her to his side. \"You should not get involved in this, love. These spirits…he has them bound somehow. That's why my capability has grown. He keeps them there and amplifies what I can do. They are trapped and under his control. He's too dangerous. I won't have you involved.\" \"Jonah, you cannot do this on your own. Don't be foolish and stubborn,\" she rebutted. Jonah managed to crack a lazy grin, \"Well, you'd know all about stubborn wouldn't you.\" \"Oh, hush, you,\" murmured Sage as she slid her hand up to cup his chin. Their foreheads met, resting gently together. Sage ran her fingertips over his strong jaw, down his neck to tangle in the brunette locks that fell neatly just below his ears. \"I have missed you.\" \"And I you,\" he replied, his throat growing dry. He suddenly felt the urge to lick his lips as his eyes trailed down to her mouth. Had her lips always been so rosy? \"Jonah?\" \"Mhmm?\" Sage gave alluring smile, \"Are you ever going to kiss me or do I have to beg?\" Like a fever, scarlet flamed his pale cheeks. The great beast inside his chest roared to life as all rational thought flew from his mind like demons from the open gates of hell. He took her face in his hands and drew her to him. Their lips met in an almost painful collision as years of pent up sexual frustration and adoration came crashing down on them. Her mouth moved gently against his hungry one as her fingers fisted in his hair. Somehow she fell into his lap and gave a great moan of delight. She tasted sweeter than any treat or candy he could imagine. And the taste was entirely her own. Not thick or tart like molasses, but homier like honey and rich like magnificent German chocolate. Lord, she was divine. \"Sage,\" he gasped against her soft lips. His head swam. How long had he wanted her like this? How many nights had he laid in bed praying for a future with her? \"I love you,\" the declaration slipped from his tongue more honest than any truth he'd ever spoken. Jonah saw her eyes swell with happiness. She tentatively nipped at his bottom lip like a shy, coy doe trying so very hard to be seductive. \"I love you, too, Jonah,\" she admitted, her own heart clamoring wildly beneath her bosom. \"You have no idea how I love you. These weeks we've been apart have killed me…never before has a loss felt so dire.\" Jonah caressed her cheek with his thumb; his brilliant blue eyes bore into hers. \"Never again will you feel that loss.\" Oh, if only he had been right. Two days later Jonah came to her with a plan. \"I've got it. I know what I have to do…I've been reading, see?\" He provided her with a sample of a text he'd scribbled down from a book on the supernatural. Sage briefly eyed the neatly scrawled words and shook her head, \"I don't understand.\" \"They are stuck here because of their bodies. All those symbols Aickman carved into their skin are trapping their souls to their corpses. If the bodies are destroyed, their souls can move on. They can finally find peace and all of this madness can end,\" Jonah replied, relief trickling off every word. He felt light headed with hope and the promise of an end to his prolonged nightmare. He took Sage's hands in his and placed kisses to her knuckles. \"It's almost over.\" Though the precious girl looked a bit weary with concern, she nodded and grazed her lips tenderly over his own. \"How will you destroy the bodies? They are trapped within the walls of his home, are they not?\" Jonah nodded, \"I'm going to burn it to the ground.\" Sage's eyes grew wide as saucers. \"Come again?\" \"I know it sounds ludicrous but I must. It's the only way I can think of to completely ruin the corpses. The only problem is Aickman never leaves the funeral home. He's always there. How am I to burn it to the ground if he's there to extinguish the fire the moment it begins to blaze? The way I figure, I go to Aickman and apologize. Then, I'll suggest another séance. After each séance Aickman walks the sitters to their vehicles, trying to chat them up and get a good article or two published. While he does so I can set fire to the den and the house will burn with everyone safely outside and no Aickman to stop it.\" Sage peered back at Jonah, her mouth hanging open in a highly un-ladylike manner. Obviously Jonah had clearly thought this through. Regardless, his plan sounded reckless at best and exceedingly dangerous at worst. But what other plan was there? Biting her lip, Sage murmured, \"Go speak with the monster.\" The séance was scheduled for the following Saturday evening. Jonah and Sage passed the days leading up to the event attached at the hip. Neither would leave the other's side. They often laid in one another's arms chatting about the future, about how things were going to change for the better soon. They spoke of marriage and children after Jonah finally bulked up the courage to propose – Sage said yes, of course. They spoke of traveling the world and seeing all the amazing sights it had to offer. They spoke of happiness together. On Friday night they sat under the stars leaning against a tree in the O'Shea's backyard. Sage was nestled snuggly between Jonah's legs, leaning back into his chest. His arms were wrapped around her waist, his chin resting on her shoulder. A gentle kiss was pressed to her cheek. \"Will you pray for me tomorrow?\" \"I will pray for you always,\" she murmured softly in response. She laid her hands upon his and squeezed lovingly. \"My sweet boy…promise to be careful? And make sure everyone is out of the house before you set the fire? I will not lose you to Aickman nor will I lose you to prison.\" A low chuckle rumbled in Jonah's chest. \"Yes ma'am.\" The night passed quickly and before Sage knew it Jonah was kissing her goodbye, off to tango with the dead once more. \"I love you, Sage,\" he whispered against her lips. Sage hugged him tightly, \"I love you, too.\" All night long Sage was a wreck. She kept waiting to hear the sirens of fire trucks. She kept waiting to hear Jonah knocking softly at her window. She kept waiting but nothing happened. Many hours passed and a feeling of dread filled her stomach. She could sit still no longer. She had to do something! Sage ran through the woods towards the funeral home expecting to see smoke or even a great flame but she saw nothing. She skirted to a stop just as the trees cleared. The house stood fine, cars lining the drive way. \"This should've been over hours ago,\" Sage murmured. She lingered uncomfortably in the forest, her skin tingling. She approached the house and pressed her ear to the door. There was no sound to be heard. She knocked but no one answered. Finally, the hesitant girl twisted the door knob and entered the terrifying house. \"Hello?\" Sage called out feebly. \"Hello? Jonah? Mr. Aickman?\" Silence was her only greeting. Goosebumps rose on her skin as Sage tip-toed further into the familiar home. She headed towards the den. She braced herself for whatever she might see and pushed open the door. \"Oh my God…\" They were dead. Aickman, the two scholars from California, the reporter from Maine, and the woman from Kansas who wanted to speak to the child she'd lost last spring. They were dead, their bodies strewn across the den, contorted painfully. It was a truly horrible and grotesque sight to see. Panic suddenly laced her heart and Sage tore through the house searching for her beloved. She screamed his name over and over, crying helplessly. When she realized Jonah was nowhere to be found she left the death house and darted home. \"Father! Father! Father, you must do something!\" she sobbed as she ran into her parents' bedroom, shaking her father awake. \"They're dead! They're all dead and Jonah! Father, he's missing!\" They searched the woods all night and several hours into the morning but Jonah was nowhere to be found. He was gone. The police could not identify the cause of death of Aickman and the sitters and declared Jonah as the murderer immediately. This enraged Sage as well as her parents and Jonah's mother. Jonah was innocent and missing; but instead of manning a state wide search, they posted a warrant for his arrest. It was all Sage could do not to murder the Sheriff of Goatswood herself. A week passed with no word from Jonah and the Aickman Mortuary and Funeral Home was closed and seized by the county as public property. Eventually the townsfolk ceased their gossip but shunned the O'Sheas and the Holbrooks nonetheless. Sage was absolutely beside herself. Jonah was missing and no one was doing a damn thing about it! Why did no one care? What was to be done? A month passed and Jonah was declared legally dead. Frank requested a transfer and he and Helen moved to Fort Knox in Tennessee. Once the O'Sheas were gone things in the quiet town began to settle somewhat. Students at school no longer picked on Sage, simply choosing to ignore her instead, and no one stared when Autumn Holbrook went to the supermarket or the beauty parlor. Despite this ease up, Sage grew worse. She stopped eating and sleeping and sobbed nearly every day. Her heart was broken. A year passed and Charles Holbrook could take no more. He was through watching his daughter's depression grow. She was not going to kill herself with grief. Charles quit his job, packed up his family, and moved to Chicago. Sage Holbrook never married and lived a very lonely life. Despite the encouragement of her mother and father, she could never find it in herself to move on. How could anyone replace her Jonah? Her father passed away when she was twenty-four in a tragic train accident. At that time Sage devoted her life to taking care of her mother. When her mother passed six years later Sage was utterly lost. She traveled the world searching for answers. Why had she lost everyone who'd ever meant anything to her? Why had Jonah never been found? Why was she doomed to such unhappiness? On her search she found no answers but managed to find herself once again. Sage went to those places she and Jonah had discussed so very long ago and with each stop along her journey she felt her love for Jonah growing. She felt reconnected to her childhood love. Sage was sixty-five when she returned to Goatswood, her traveling finally drawing to an end. Her inheritance was beginning to run thin and Sage decided it was time to settle down. She would find a small cottage somewhere in the mountains and live out her life quietly in solitude. Sage drove passed her old home which had been renovated so much it held little resemblance to the house in which she was raised. Turning left, Sage drove for another block and parked the car on the side of the street. The older woman turned the key in the ignition and gazed pitifully out the window at the place where her love had been lost. While her house was utterly different, the former funeral home looked exactly the same. Sage felt a chill run down her spine. She climbed from the car and crossed her hands over her chest. She noted the truck and station wagon in the driveway. Had the mortuary been reopened? \"If you're looking to buy, I wouldn't,\" a stern voice commented. Glancing over her shoulder Sage saw a young house wife walking her dog down the sidewalk. The woman wore a light pink tracksuit and had a judgmental smirk on her lips. \"Why is that?\" asked Sage, her voice cracking with age. The woman yanked on her puppy's leash and jogged over to her, \"That house is a bad omen. Every family that's ever lived there has lost their mind. Twenty years ago the man who lived there beat three people to death before killing himself. The family that lives there now…their son went insane. He started molesting his cousins and worshiping the devil before he set the place on fire.\" Sage's stomach clenched and her heart gave a painfully powerful thump. \"He what?\" \"Mhmm,\" the soccer mom nodded. She waved a manicured hand towards the house. \"The front is fine but go around back and it's nothing but debris and ash. The entire back of the house was destroyed. So was the basement and garage. Open the front door and you look right out into the back yard. But what else could you expect when buying a home that used to be a funeral parlor. Honestly, all the death that house has seen, no wonder they went crazy.\" Sage's mouth felt dry, an oddity in her old age as now she often had to keep from drooling because her mouth was so moist. A harsh retort was on the tip of Sage's tongue when she glanced back at the house and saw a man lugging burnt wreckage onto the bed of the truck. She excused herself without so much as a polite smile to the gossiping woman and crossed the road. \"Pardon me!\" The man, who was most likely fifteen or twenty years younger than herself, looked up, startled. \"Uh, can I help you, ma'am?\" \"I was wondering if you could tell me anything about the home's previous owners. I heard their son burned the place down.\" The man's face grew tight. His shoulders tensed and his lips drew into a thin line. \"That's none of your business and I'd like it if you could see yourself off of my property.\" Sage was surprised at his sudden animosity. Especially to a woman of her age. She parted her lips, gaping, unsure of how to respond when a younger man with shaggy blonde hair came round the side of the house. He too was lugging debris and tossed it into the back of the truck. His eyes flickered to her frame fleetingly. \"Everything okay, dad?\" \"It's fine, son; go finish up. I'll be back in a second,\" the man instructed. Sage's heart leapt. So this was the boy who'd burnt the disastrous home down. The boy turned to leave but before he could Sage begged, \"Wait! Please, wait. My name is Sage Holbrook. I used to live here. I knew a boy who-\" \"Holbrook?\" the young man asked, his eyes widening slightly. Sage nodded but it was the boy's father who spoke, \"Ma'am, I have asked you to-\" \"No, dad, it's okay,\" his son silenced him. His eyes met Sage's and he asked her tentatively, \"You knew Jonah, didn't you?\" A quivering breath escaped her lips as Sage heard her former love's name spoken for the first time in nearly twenty years. Tears pricked her eyes and she nodded, \"Yes, yes I did…how do you….?\" \"I saw the engagement announcements in some old newspapers,\" he replied. He faced his father, \"Can we have a minute, dad?\" The man studied her wearily, but honestly what harm could an old woman do? He slowly nodded and trekked away, disappearing around the edge of the house. Once he was gone the blonde man approached her with a sad expression on his young, handsome features. Sage couldn't help but note the subtle likeness between the boy and her Jonah. The remorseful expression was trademark Jonah; then, there was the pale skin, the kind eyes, and the proud jaw. Nearly fifty years after the incident and Sage's heart broke again. She glanced back at the evil house. \"You know about Jonah…?\" The man nodded, \"He's the reason the house is burnt. He helped me do it…to free them. He…he saved my life. He saved my family.\" A slight trickle of tears ran down Sage's wrinkled cheek. \"H-how?\" \"I could see him. I had cancer and I was dying; the veil between life and death was blurred to me. He showed me everything that happened here…everything Aickman had done.\" \"So he's been here this whole time? W-what happened to him?\" The young man's brow dipped sorrowfully. He swallowed thickly and mumbled, \"Jonah died that night. The spirits, they were angry with him. They believed he was the reason they were trapped. They killed him.\" Sage felt greatly ill. Her head swimming, she gasped, shaking her head violently, \"No…no, not my Jonah. No!\" \"Ma'am, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, but he's free now. Jonah is free. He's gone. He's finally passed over,\" the boy rambled trying to console her. Sage wept bitterly for several prolonged moments before finally composing herself and apologizing. The boy shook off her apology and offered his condolences for her lost. Sage asked what would happen to the house now. \"They're knocking it down and are going to dig up the land for a dump sight. We're here trying to salvage some of our things from the ashes.\" Sage sniffed and gripped the boy's arm. She leveled him with a grateful stare. \"Thank you, son. Thank you. You have no idea what you have done for me, and for Jonah.\" \"You have it the other way around, ma'am. It was Jonah who did something for me,\" he gave her a small smile before extending his hand. \"My name is Matt Campbell and it is a pleasure to meet you.\" \"You too, son, you too.\" That night Sage drove to a relative's home, one of her distant cousins who lived in upper state New York. She was exhausted from her day's travel and her mind and heart where heavy with the news she'd learned. Her cousins fixed her a guest room and as Sage was preparing for bed a gentle chill ran through the room. Goosebumps rose on the old woman's arms and she glanced around for a heater or extra blanket. That was when she saw him. Standing at the foot of her bed Jonah looked at her with absolute adoration. He looked precisely as he had when they were seventeen. His hair was neat and falling just before his piercing blue eyes. His trousers and shirt were perfectly pressed. His shoes even shined. Jonah gave her a small smile. Sage felt her heart clenching and heard her blood thudding in her ears. This wasn't happening. \"Jonah?\" 'Sage,' he mouthed but no sound came out. Tears fell from her eyes like rain from the Heavens and Sage grinned, her spirit soaring, \"Oh Jonah!\" Sage Holbrook died in her sleep that night and her family was devastated. Though she had seen many troubles in her life Sage was viewed as one of the brightest and wittiest women in her family and she was loved dearly by all. They were inconsolable upon her death. Sage, however, couldn't have been happier. She had finally found pleasure in the afterlife. She had finally found Jonah. ","Summary":" After I finished 'Summertime Suspense' I thought I was through with the Haunting in Connecticut fan"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Slow Dancing In A Burning Room","Author":"MayAngelsLeadYouIn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7803334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, this is a very short little one shot. It has a different ending, but, I got this inspiration while listening to Slow Dancing in a Burning room by john mayer. Enjoy? \"Matt!\" I shouted as I saw him standing in the middle of the room, flames licking his surroundings. I ran over to him. \"Steph! What are you doing in here? I locked you out!\" He grabbed my face, and I could see the pain in his eyes. \"I don't know! One minute I was standing outside, the next thing I know, I'm in the hallway!\" I can't say that I was upset. \"C'mon. We have to get you out of here.\" Matt started pulling my arm frantically, but I resisted. \"No. Matt, I love you. You are my life. And if you're going to die, I'm going to go with you. You will not go alone, just like you haven't gone alone this entire journey. Without you, I would be dead anyways. Remember that song you wrote? ' I knew the moment I first saw you, our love was meant to be. It was only a matter of Gods time. My instinct said to marry you, patience said to wait. but I knew to let you go would be a crime .' * If I can't marry you, I will die with you.\" \"Steph...\" Matt looked like he was going to cry. \"No.\" He pulled me into him, and started swinging me around, dancing and singing into my ear. We're going down, And you can see it too. We're going down, And you know that we're doomed. My dear, We're slow dancing in a burning room . ** The house was slowly collapsing around us. Spirits of the poor people who had long ago been murdered and forced to stay in this house, guarding Aickman's secrets surrounded us. I knew we were doomed, but we were doomed together. So until the moment we died, we were just slow dancing in a burning room. A *These lyrics actually belong to ed cash. ** these lyrics belong to john mayer. aaaaand... yeah. ","Summary":" So, this is a very short little one shot. It has a different ending, but, I got this inspiration wh"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"The Other Side","Author":"Writers-Anonymous13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9713367","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Other Side . So this was completely random and typed out in like an hour so it's not good and it also hasn't been beta's by anyone. I just bought this movie and this scene wouldn't get out of my head so I just started typing and this is the result. . . Matt stalked towards the house, ignoring the pain in his body as he hefted the axe and slammed it into the closed door. He heard Wendy scream and had to push away the guilt. He didn't want to scare them but he didn't have time to explain. He managed to break down the door and he followed after Wendy as she pushed his brother through the house ahead of her, trying to keep him safe. \"Matt!\" She screamed pleadingly as he continued towards her, raising the axe again. She stumbled into the wall before falling to the side, arms raised to protect her. \"Matt, please! Matt!\" Matt slammed the axe into the wall three times before the wood fell apart enough for him to see inside the wall. Dead, milky eyes stared out at him from a body long expired. He dropped the axe and yanked Wendy up by her arm, grabbing hold of his brother's jacket hood as he dragged them to the front door. \"Out! Get out! Don't let them come back in and whatever you do don't let them put the fire out!\" He shouted at Wendy as he made sure they were all outside. \"What about you?\" She asked, trying to keep the door open as he pushed it close. \"I'm already dead,\" he snapped harshly, finally managing to slam the door shut. He locked it, ignoring the sound of them banging on the windows and screaming his name desperately. He blocked the entrances before he began to hack at the walls again. Bodies tumbled out, scarred and preserved, piling on top of each other. Matt looked around him, overwhelmed before he took a deep breath. He saw Jonah in the corner and they stared at each other for a second before an image of flames was inserted into his head. He nodded at Jonah and went to collect every flammable liquid in the house and a box of matches. He drenched the bodies with the liquids, making sure to splash some on the walls and doors. He lit a match, looking at the flame for a moment before he dropped it resolutely onto the dead bodies. They ignited instantly and Matt turned away to break some of the wooden chairs into smaller pieces, tossing them into the growing fire. He groaned as agony spiked through his body. He hurt so much and it was so hot. He dropped to his knees, hands fisted in his hair as he grunted. He pulled his jacket and shirt off in one motion, before continuing to break the furniture. Once he was done with that he took the tin container that held the pictures and opened it, looking through them before tossing them into the fire, he took the smaller tin of eyelashes and dumped those onto the pile of burning corpses. He watched them burn before dropping to his knees again. He bent forward, placing his arms on the ground as his body arched in pain. He screamed and screamed needing to get it all out. A hand on his shoulder had his head snapping up. Jonah was kneeling in front of him. \"Don't worry,\" Matt panted. \"We'll set them free.\" Jonah looked at him worriedly. He pointed to the door. Matt shook his head. \"I'm not leaving you,\" he snapped. Jonah motioned more frantically, pulling on Matt's arm as he tried to lift him. \"No!\" Matt shouted. \"I won't leave you here alone, Jonah. We're supposed to do this, you and me, together. Us two dead boys. I won't leave you.\" Jonah cupped his face gently, staring pleadingly into Matt's eyes. \"P-pl-eas-se,\" Jonah rasped, the only word he managed to speak this whole time. Matt closed his eyes, resting his sweaty forehead against Jonah's burnt one. \"Now what kind of friend would that make me?\" He asked softly, because they had become friends. It was hard not to when you were viewing each other's entire lives through memories. \"A-ali-ive,\" Jonah answered. Matt opened his mouth to respond when they were suddenly surrounded by the ghost of the people who had been used in the ritual. They formed a circle around the two males, Matt trying to avoid contact with them and Jonah hovering protectively. The ghosts raised their hands, reaching out to touch Matt. Matt shouted as their hands landed on him, agony like he'd never felt coursing through his body for what felt like an eternity before it stopped. Matt collapsed the pain too much for him as he lost consciousness. Jonah watched him sadly until a crash made him look away. Matt's mother slammed into the door, forcing it open enough for her to wiggle through. \"Matt!\" She screamed when she saw him, lying motionless on the ground. She ran forward and a beam from the ceiling fell, blocking the door. She wrapped her arms around Matt and tugged him over tp a corner that the fire hadn't yet reached. She began to pray and Jonah watched on invisibly as she ran her fingers through Matt's hair, crying softly. Jonah shuffled closer, hesitantly reaching out and touching Matt's cheek with his fingertips. Suddenly Jonah was in a cemetery. He looked around in surprise, reaching out to touch a headstone. He blinked in surprise at the unmarked hand that was where his should be. He moved his hand and the unblemished hand moved with him. He reached up to touch his face and was excited when he felt no burns. \"What happened?\" He asked aloud and then smiled at being able to talk. \"Jonah?\" Jonah turned at his name and blinked in surprise. \"Matt,\" he smiled at the other male as he made his way over to him. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I don't know,\" Matt said looking around. \"Where is here?\" 'Matt! Breathe, Matt! You can't leave, I can't lose you!' A woman's voice drifted through the cemetery. \"Mom?\" Matt called in confusion as the two boys looked around. Jonah turned back to Matt. \"Matt, I'm dead. If we're both here…\" he hesitated and Matt's eyes widened in realization. \"I died?\" He breathed. \"I don't think you did, but you're close. You aren't as…solid looking as I am,\" Jonah observed. Matt's form flickered at the edges and he nodded. \"You might be able to go back, Matt.\" \"What about you?\" Matt demanded. Jonah smiled sadly. \"I can finally move on, I guess,\" Jonah murmured softly. \"I already told you I won't leave you alone, Jonah,\" Matt sighed. Jonah stared at him for a moment before pulling the other boy into a hug. \"Thank you, Matt. You helped set me and the others free and you showed me what it's like to have a friend. I won't ever forget that, but you're time isn't up yet. You don't have to worry about me, I'll be fine, but you can't just leave your family behind. They still need you,\" Jonah whispered. Matt reached up to hug Jonah back, hands fisting in the back of his shirt. \"I'll miss you,\" he whispered. Jonah smiled. \"I know. I'll watch over you,\" he said softly. Matt nodded against his shoulder. \"I know.\" They pulled apart and Matt stared at Jonah who smiled at him. Matt closed his eyes and could feel himself fading. \"We'll see each other again Matt, I promise!\" Jonah shouted before he was completely gone. Matt's eyes snapped open and he smiled back at the waving spirit. \"I'll hold you to that promise!\" He shouted as the darkness engulfed him. He felt nothing for a moment before his world exploded in pain and noise. He opened his eyes as he gasped for air, his head in his mother's lap as his family knelt all around him. He was yanked into a group hug and he allowed it, still sucking down air as he smiled up at the sky, rain falling onto his face as he spoke. \"Thanks, Jonah,\" he whispered. \"I'll see you on the other side.\" ","Summary":" The Other Side . So this was completely random and typed out in like an hour so it's not good and i"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Listen","Author":"Matilda384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9744817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is completely a one-shot. I wrote it kind of a long time ago, so I'm not too sure how much I like it. Oh well. I hope you do! Disclaimer: I do not own The Haunting in Connecticut. Rosalyn Aickman brushed a dishrag over a plate soaking in soapy water. She thought quietly to herself as she cleaned up the breakfast plates from herself and her husband. She suddenly felt a familiar sharp pain in her chest, which made her cough. She put the plate and dishrag down to cough into her arm. After catching her breath, she wiped her face on her sleeve and went back to cleaning up. It's getting worse, she thought, I wonder if I should go to the doctor again. But we don't have enough money for me to keep going back there. We need the money for more important things-like my baby boy. I'll just have to tough it out. She put the plate down and picked up a fork. Rosalyn scrubbed that too until it was spotless. She loved her family, but also enjoyed spending time alone to think. Being a bright woman, she valued her time and spent it wisely. After a few minutes, little footsteps pattered down the stairs. They ran into the dining room and stopped in the kitchen doorway. \"Mama!\" a small voice called out. Rosalyn turned around. A tiny pale-faced boy stood with his arms open wide for her. She wiped her hands on her apron. \"Jonah, sweetheart.\" she cooed. She lifted him up off of his feet and carried him into the dining room. They sat on a chair. Rosalyn snuggled Jonah in her arms. \"Good morning, darling. How did you sleep last night?\" \"Good, Mama. I didn't wake up at all!\" the little boy answered. \"I'm glad to hear that, baby. Are you hungry? I made your favorite-pancakes.\" \"Mama! Really? Thank you so much, Mama. I love you!\" Rosalyn gave her son one more kiss and then helped him off of her lap. He sat at the dining table hungrily. Rosalyn went into the kitchen and filled a plate with Jonah's favorite breakfast. She drenched the pancakes in gooey maple syrup and butter. Jonah's face lit up when she set the plate before him. \"Mmmm…!\" he exclaimed as he licked his lips. Rosalyn sat down across from him. He picked up his fork and dug into his pancakes. Rosalyn smiled as he ate his breakfast gleefully. Nothing made her happier than to see her little boy so joyful. Just as Jonah was finishing his breakfast, footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs from the basement. Jonah dropped his fork to his plate. He jumped out of his chair. \"Papa!\" he cried. Ramsey entered the dining room and greeted his smiling son. Jonah jumped into his arms. He gave him an excited big hug. \"Jonah,\" Ramsey said as he hugged his son back. \"You'd think I'd been gone for days!\" Rosalyn smiled, but was attacked by another pain and coughing fit. Ramsey immediately put Jonah down and went to his wife's side. After the coughing wouldn't relent, Jonah felt sad for his mother. He attempted to crawl onto her lap to make her feel better. Ramsey pushed him away. \"Not now, Jonah!\" he barked. Rosalyn shook her head as she coughed. She opened her arms to Jonah. He climbed onto her lap and hugged his arms around her neck. Ramsey rubbed her back so she'd be able to breathe easier. Jonah snuggled up quietly in hopes that his company would make her feel better. After several minutes, Rosalyn's cough subsided to only wheezing. She held Jonah in her frail arms and fingered the tips of his hair. Jonah kept his ear pressed against her chest. \"Mama, your chest sounds different.\" he stated. Ramsey gave him a sharp tug on the hair. \"Shut up, Jonah.\" he hissed. Jonah didn't speak. Rosalyn would've scolded her husband for hurting him, but she felt too weak and knew he only did it because he was tense. Rosalyn leaned onto Ramsey's shoulder as he crouched by her chair. She held Jonah close to her. A swift tiredness swept across her. She let out one more cough. Ramsey helped Jonah off of her lap. He picked his wife up and carried her upstairs to their room. Jonah followed close behind, constantly trying to get a glance at his mother. Rosalyn held onto Ramsey's chest. They made it up the stairs and into the bedroom. Ramsey pulled back the blankets on their bed. He laid Rosalyn down gently with her head on a pillow. After tucking her in and smoothing the covers over her, he leaned down and kissed her cheek. Rosalyn tried to smile. \"Now get some rest, darling.\" Ramsey instructed. \"I'll be working downstairs. Jonah will be up in his room playing, right Jonah?\" The little boy nodded. \"Yes Papa,\" he agreed. Ramsey patted his head. He sent Jonah out of the room. After the boy was gone, Ramsey sat down on the bed. \"Do you want to go to the doctor's again?\" he asked softly. Rosalyn shook her head. \"T-They're just going to tell me to wait it out-it's just a cough. And besides, going to the doctor is expensive. We need all the money we have.\" \"But if you need medicine-\" \"We need it for Jonah.\" \"What does he have to do with your sickness?\" \"I don't want to not be able to feed him one night just because I had to go to the doctor.\" \"We'll be fine with the money. Besides, Jonah's just a boy. If he skips breakfast every now and then, we'll be able to afford it.\" \"He's a growing child and he needs to eat something. Plus as he's growing, he'll need better fitting clothes. He's not getting pushed out of the financial equation simply because I have a cough. I'm not going. I'm fine.\" Ramsey sighed. He dropped his head into his hands. \"Just please don't stop living for that boy.\" he murmured. Rosalyn sighed too. \"I know you may not like him all the time. But he's your baby. And he loves you more than anything in the whole world.\" she explained. Ramsey looked at her. Her half-smiling face was drawn and pale. She put her hand over his. \"I love you,\" she whispered. He kissed her forehead. \"I love you too.\" he returned. Ramsey stood up and walked out of the room. He closed the door quietly. As he passed by Jonah's room, he couldn't help but crack open the door a tiny bit to look inside. He saw Jonah kneeling in front of his little bed, hands folded in prayer, head bent down. Ramsey stuck his head in to listen to the soft murmuring. \"Please make her better, God. I love her so much. Please don't take her away. Papa will be so sad. Sometimes I think he doesn't like me. Sometimes I think that she's the only thing that makes him happy. If all he has left is me, then…then he'll be sad forever. Just please keep her here…for all of us.\" Jonah said quietly. His voice sounded choked-like he was crying. Ramsey opened the door and cleared his throat. Jonah jumped a little, and whirled around. \"Papa!\" he cried. He stood up and wiped his face on his sleeve. \"I-I…I-I was just-\" \"It's all right, Jonah.\" Ramsey cut off. He went in and sat on Jonah's bed. Jonah crawled up and tried to squirm onto his lap. Ramsey held him there, tucked into his chest, quietly sniffling. Jonah blinked his eyes and took a deep breath. Ramsey stroked his hair gently. \"Jonah,\" he said quietly. \"It's not that I don't love you. Sometimes raising a child can just be…difficult. And I'm worried about your mother. When I snap, it's not necessarily your fault. Do you understand what I'm trying to-\" \"I love you too, Papa.\" Jonah cut in. Ramsey breathed a sigh of relief. At least he understood. Jonah sat on his father's lap for a few more minutes of silence. Then he decided to speak. \"Papa, I think Mama should go to the doctor's office.\" he said. Ramsey sighed. \"It's expensive, Jonah. We can't afford it.\" \"But what if something happens to her?\" \"Nothing will, Jonah. Just leave the matter to adults.\" Jonah went back to playing in his room and Ramsey worked in the basement. For several hours, everyone stayed apart. But Jonah would occasionally peek into his mother's bedroom throughout the day, just so that his anxiety would be relieved temporarily. Once, he told his mother the same thing-that she should see a doctor. She tried to smile, and offered a simple explanation. \"We can't go to the doctor and have dinner every night, sweetie. This is just a cough. It'll go away by itself.\" \"But what if something happens to you?\" he asked back. \"I'll tell you what-if it gets really really bad, then I'll go to the doctor. But right now…I'm just okay, honey. Don't worry about me.\" \"But I do worry about you.\" \"You don't have to. You're just a child.\" Late that night, after everyone had gone to bed, Rosalyn heard the door creak open softly. She opened her eyes and felt that Ramsey was sleeping soundly beside her. Just as quickly as the door opened, it shut. She coughed a few times, then sat up and looked around in the darkness. A soft pattering sound rang through the master bedroom. She reached in fear for Ramsey. Just as she was about to shake him awake, she felt something touch her knee. She gasped. A pair of big blue eyes gleamed in the moonlight. Rosalyn put a hand over her heart. \"Jonah,\" she whispered. \"You scared me, honey.\" \"I'm sorry, Mama.\" Jonah answered. He looked down for a moment. \"Mama? Can I sleep here tonight?\" he asked. Rosalyn nodded. She made room for her son to climb onto the mattress. He snuggled in close to her. After only a few moments of silence, she asked, \"Are you afraid of something?\" He stayed still, then nodded slightly. She asked what he was afraid of. His response shocked her. \"I'm just so afraid that you're going to die.\" It's strange how children can sense some things that adults can't. Jonah, only seven years old, could tell that something wasn't right with his mother's cough. Only a few weeks after that night, Rosalyn died of pneumonia in the hospital. Jonah attended her funeral with Ramsey. During the ceremony, he asked his father why it happened so soon. Still grieving and feeling irrepressible anger and fear, Ramsey told Jonah that it was because of him. She would've gone to the hospital sooner if she didn't have to worry about caring for him. Something died within Jonah that day. He knew that his mother was the only one that would probably ever love him. She was gone. His only hope was Ramsey; and only a few days after she'd died, Ramsey told him that it was he who killed his princess. Yes, it's funny how children can sense things that adults can't. So why aren't they listened to? Well, that's because they're only children. ","Summary":" This is completely a one-shot. I wrote it kind of a long time ago, so I'm not too sure how much I l"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Capsize","Author":"hugginkissin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13093148","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Courting a Ghost It's been two months now. Aster are small, delicate flowers, perfectly round with starbursts of yellow in the center. The petals are the sweetest blue hue. The flowers are wrapped in clear plastic and a purple ribbon, the rough mesh kind with silky edges. I rub the ribbon on the pads of my fingers, scraping the rough fabric together. How would he feel about them? Jonah has a knack for misconstruing everything, and I could practically hear the bell tone of his voice: \"Matthew, flowers are for courting women.\" Well, dumbass, I'm trying to court you. I'm standing in our driveway, the bouquet clenched in my awkward fist, groceries at my feet. I watch, noticing the flicker of the curtains upstairs. For a split second, I feel his gaze sear my skin, rearrange my bones, and read my mind. I don't think I'll ever stop shaking. He at least has the decency to wait till I am inside and settled before I hear him on the stairs. Oh he's here, everyday, and I pray to God he never goes away. My back is to him when he enters the kitchen, my eyes fixed on the smooth white tile of the floor. I can feel him rather than hear him, an elephant entering the room. I have a theory that whenever he enters a room, a cloud passes in front of the sun. It's the only explanation I have for subtle shift in air pressure, of the shifting of light from a bright afternoon to a smooth, cold pureness. There's a tense moment of nothing that passes between us. Slow motion then, of his toes encroaching upon my line of vision. Smooth, they interrupt the lines in the kitchen floor, brush slightly against the worn rubber of my converse. As if against my will, my eyes follow up the smooth joint of his ankle, the curve of his calf, up and up to meet his liquid gaze. We stare at each other for a moment like that, and the tiniest of creases takes up on his brow. His eyes always seem so deep with emotion; currently, he looks worried. \"Matthew?\" Good lord, It's still so fucking surreal to hear his voice out loud, instead of only ever in my head. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm good.\" I reply. \"I got some food that I hope you'll like. Lots of fruit, as requested, and I invested in some hot tea, since you don't really like coffee...I also got you some candy, Charleston Chews. They caught my eye, the box said they were popular in the 1920s, and, well, I know you didn't get candy often when you were alive...\" Great, I'm eating my manners again, prattling on to fill this silence that always seems to stretch between us. Will living together again ever go back to the way things were before, instead of these tense, tortuous moments of normalcy? As my awkward attempts to connect fill the air, he steps away from me, his scorching blue eyes surveying the food littering the counter. There, in the middle of it all, are the asters, hiding timidly between the milk and eggs. He pauses, and I watch his long, knobby fingers reach out, brushing the velvety petals. For the briefest moment, an expression I've never seen before crosses his face. The shadow living in his irises seem to flee, the muscles in his face relaxing as the left corner of his mouth twitches up, a delicate half-moon of a smile. I realize I'm holding my breath when he suddenly turns to look at me, the smile melting away into an unreadable expression. Once again, his gaze slips inside me, sounding my bones, testing my muscles, strumming my tendons. My eyes meet his, and reflected in them I see my own scarred face. I think I can smell ozone. With the smallest of shrugs, Jonah turns away, opening the cupboard over the sink for a vase. Brushing past me, vase in hand, I feel as if his shoulder lingers on mine just a few more seconds than necessary. He pauses at the base of the stairs, staring up them at nothing. Or, at least, nothing I can see. \"I asked for flour, Matt...not...flowers.\" I'm speechless, one of my hands lazily coming up to point at the sack of flour on the counter. He doesn't notice the gesture, his gaze now resting on the bouquet in his hands. He's rubbing the petals between his fingers. Then, something akin to a whisper: \"They're beautiful.\" Later, I will find the vase of them on the windowsill of the room with the birds, Jonah's room, in which a bed he never uses takes up one corner. He slept in his own bed, once, the night after the ritual. Since then, he has made a nest of the couch in the basement. He's afraid I'll die in my sleep one night. Old habits die hard. Why is it, then, that he won't talk to me? It's been nine weeks. I went to the store early, because we ran out of coffee. He stands five feet six in sweatpants and a pullover bearing the name of my high school basketball team. Displaying finesse and skill I wasn't aware he had, he flips two pancakes at once in a large skillet. I start unloading groceries, a glance into the dining room revealing our round little table set with silverware, plates, empty coffee mugs. \"Could you put on coffee?\" His voice is always so quiet, requiring the utmost attention to hear. I nod, busying myself with the coffeemaker. His side presses into mine as he steps closer to look at the groceries. I feel him holding his breath, the thrum of his heartbeat faster than usual against my ribs. The top of his head brushes my jaw. \"No flowers, this time?\" He's pulling away. He's piling pristine pancakes on a plate, and the furrow on his brow is back, his eyes shadowed. After breakfast, I develop a rhythm of punching the shower wall, making sure my knuckles are evenly bruised. It's been nine weeks and three days. His lips part almost imperceptibly, his jaw slackening. His eyes are clear, icy pools again as he cups the bloom in his hand. I turn away, stuffing boxes of cereal into a cupboard, watching him from the corner of my eye. He brings both hands up, the soft sphere of blue hydrangea nearly engulfing his palms. I watch the curve of his neck bend, the topmost knob of his spine peeking out from a too-big black tshirt. He brings his lips to the bloom, feeling the texture of its petals before burying his snub nose in them. The asters are somehow still alive, and there seem to be more of them. The hydrangea live in a mason jar next to them, and are labelled \"more\" in cramped magic marker. It's been three months. It's a mammoth of a plant, with broad verdant leaves speckled with pale green, about two feet tall. The pot that it's in is lovely, a yellow-glazed, chipped clay that the previous owner made herself. I bought the beautiful plant from an estate sale, the owner having passed away at the rather young age of sixty-three. Her daughter seemed happy that it was going to a good home, as the plant had been well-cared for for a few years. Jonah has fallen in love with it on sight. One foot on the door jam, he cranes his neck to see as far out of the front door as he can, arms crossed huffily at being unable to help me lug this heavy-ass plant to the porch. I make it all the way to the steps before heavily setting it down, staggering slightly. Jonah jerks forward, and I flinch as he plants one foot squarely on the porch. Half in and half out of the house, blotchy color flushes up his neck and into his face. \"Jonah, back the fuck up. You're playing a dangerous game, and I'm not re-animating your ghost again.\" His glare punches holes into my chest. I scoot the pot the rest of the way to the front door, and the two of us somehow manhandled the plant into the house and up the stairs into the nursery. What was once the \"room with the birds\" is now \"the room with the plants,\" and every single thing I've brought him is not only alive, but growing. The windowsill is a massive mound of aster, the floor covered in hydrangea. We scoot the huge houseplant into a corner, and I know in a matter of weeks, it'll inhabit the whole wall. Jonah folds his legs underneath him, sitting indian style in front of it. He holds one of the large leaves in his hand, and they're virtually the same size. He gaze is fixed on the plant, though his irises are glazed. \"I'm going to name it Shannon,\" He whispers. I get chills from my head to my feet. \"And she can visit the plant as much as she likes.\" I nod, slowly coming to sit on the floor next to Jonah. The owner's name had been Shannon. \"And Matt,\" he starts, turning to look at me, his eyes still staring into a mist I can't see. \"Thank you...I love it all, so much. I'm surrounded by living things. I can heal them, grow them, care for them...\" His eyes finally focus, and he is staring into my eyes. My fingers feel numb. I shrug awkwardly and smile, leaning closer to him Unbidden, I mumble: \"I'd do anything for you, you know. It's a miracle you're sitting here.\" The crease in his brow is back, and I wonder what I've said wrong. I go to turn away again, feeling slightly nauseous for upsetting him, when he leans forward, his knee almost roughly pushing into my thigh as he scoots closer. One of his hands is resting on my shoulder, and I feel the heat of his breath on my cheek. I turn and stare at him. He ducks his head, and smiles. \"It's a miracle you're sitting here, too.\" And we sit there for hours amidst Jonah's nursery, shoulders and thighs touching. At some point, I take his hand, and he lets me. I can never stop bringing him flowers.[Chapter 2] Polaroid It's been five years. Snap, whirr. I flinch, pinching the bridge of my nose in exasperation. Jonah pretends not to notice, casually pulling the picture from the camera and flapping it in the air to expose it. When it takes longer than his patience can hold out, he purses his lips to blow on it. He smiles as my annoyed image finally comes into focus. I am captured in the square frame, my head bent low, a pen in hand as I grade papers. The expression on my face is one of focus; the steam from my coffee makes the bottom right corner appear foggy. He turns to walk away, and I catch his hand in mine. His thumb immediately goes to work drawing frantic circles on my skin. \"Yes, Matthew?\" His voice is still so quiet, a whisper on a windy day. Slowly but surely, he is flinching less when I reach for him. \"Why do you take pictures of me so often? Do you take pictures of anything else?\" The circling on my skin speeds up. He looks down, his nose and ears turning red. \"I don't know, Matt. I take pictures of my plants, and of the cat...\" I let it slide that he didn't address my first question. \"Do you ever take pictures of yourself?\" He looks at me as if I've grown a third eye. He shakes his head \"no\". In one fluid motion, I pull him into my lap, taking the camera from him. He's as red as a fucking Christmas tree now, shifting in my lap until he's comfortable. Once he's settled, I take the camera and turn it backwards. \"Say cheese...\" Snap, whirrr. It's been five years and three months. He's amassed an insane amount of polaroids. He keeps them in cardboard box, and he keeps that box in a produce crate. The produce crate is stashed under the bed in the nursery, and he doesn't know that I know it's there. I stare at the box at least once a week, weighing the pros and cons of invading his privacy to take a peek into his world. I had never guessed him to be a photographer, but now, I wonder, who took the pictures of the dead with their relatives? I think it would be insensitive to ask him. It's been five years, three months, and three days. Jonah is asleep in our bed in the basement. I am on my knees, surrounding by polaroids littering the floor. There has to be hundreds. I've started crying and I can't seem to stop. It's been a good long while since I've craved the feeling of Jonah possessing me, of him shoving my soul aside to fill my entire being with his, but now, I need it. There's no way I'll be able to keep this a secret from him. I'm sitting in my favorite chair, a book in my lap. Our cat, Casper, is walking all over the pages, nuzzling my face with his. He's knocked my glasses askew. I'm smiling. The scars on my face seem translucent in the light. Casper, his cat lips pulled up into a grimace as he gnaws on the leaf of a plant. His whiskers are yellow with pollen. A bloody red sunset through the blinds of our kitchen window. Another through the blinds of a window; my truck in the driveway with me in the driver's seat, younger than I am now, smoking a cigarette with my head leaned back, eyes closed. My face smashed into a pillow, my mouth open and my nose disfigured, no doubt snoring up a storm. Like the faintest of shadows, you can see Jonah curled up behind me, arm extended to take the picture. Me through a gap in the shower curtain, almost blurred beyond recognition by fog, my body long, lean, and scarred. Me on my birthday. Me on our anniversary. Me, me, me. Me between Wendy and Mary, my arm around each of them. Wendy, a woman with her long black hair and full hips, and Mary well on her way to becoming one. The last picture ever taken of Reverend Popescu; his wheelchair parked on our porch, his skin stretched tight over the bones of his face. His amber eyes are alive with happiness. His arm is uplifted, and in the bottom of the frame you can see his hand holding tight to Jonah's, clenched on his knobby knees. A picture of Jonah's hand half in and out of the wall, entirely translucent. Me. Me again. The cake he baked for me on my thirtieth birthday. Snap, whiirrrr!! The polaroids drop from my hands, scattering like flyers on a windy day. I turn, wiping my tear-streaked face on my sleeve, fumbling to take off my glasses and stuff them into the collar of my shirt. Jonah stands in the doorway, expression unreadable, camera in hand. He's still immaculate as the day we revived his spirit, forever frozen at seventeen, wearing one of my t-shirts and nothing else. He takes several timid steps into the room, and crouches on my level-- Snap, whirrrr. He captures my face in all its sadness, and he leans forward to kiss me, flapping the polaroid in the space next to my head. Kissing him will never not feel like licking a live wire. Our lips part for a moment and he gasps, a string of saliva connecting us. His lips move against mine as he speaks. \"I take pictures of you because I love you, and one day, neither of us will be around to look at them.\" I'm at a loss for words. He shushes me as I start to cry again, his pointy little fingers brushing the tears from my face. He sits next to me, resting his head on my shoulder. He turns the camera around. Snap, whirrrr ","Summary":" Courting a Ghost It's been two months now. Aster are small, delicate flowers, perfectly round with "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"The two dead rising","Author":"Sherot","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9362706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 It was early October and the leaves were starting to get colorful but ancient, falling off the trees onto the cold bare ground. This was always my favorite time of year listening to the wind whistle through the withering trees and the aroma of the cool crisp air surrounding my corpse of a body. It always remind me of a better time, a time before my world started withering away into nothing but habitual doings with no real drive but to make my mother happy. Don't get me wrong, I was not always like this, I use to be much more vibrant and joyous. I use to be the epitome of joyfulness and happiness if you can believe that. I guess it all went down-hill three summers ago when my father passed. My father was the type of man who was not easily disturbed or upset, well at least that is how he presented himself. I was always daddy's little girl. He my mother and I would go to the park in our little run down mess of a town called Sand Valley on random days and just be happy. Our little town was very out of the way of the world so the outside world was just a blur to those of us who lived here which was not a bad thing although it got boring always seeing the same people day in and day out. Our favorite thing to do was go under the old willow tree in the far corner of the park and just talk, tell stories, and make jokes. My father was always poking fun at my mother and despite the seemingly grumpy comments she responded with you could see the twinkle of love and joy in her eyes as he said them with a touch of a smile creeping at the corner of her pristine lips. Three summers ago was when the measles epidemic spread all over Connecticut. This was as far as I knew but it could of spread far past though I am unsure due to the fact that we got little information about the outside world. My father was sick for a few grueling weeks until he left us. His condition was so bad that the only cure was death. I remember being so mad at him for getting sick that on the last day I ran to that willow tree and just cried. I could not handle the pain; I could not even bare to look at him in the state he was in any longer. When I got back to the house my mother was sobbing over his fresh corpse and I was just frozen. My entire being went numb for a few moments and then all the anger I had towards his sickness was directed towards myself and the fact that I was not there in his last moments. The feeling of regret and anguish consumed me and that's when the spiral started without any inkling that things could ever get better. Although my mother and I were spared from this plague that took him from us, our lives were forever changed. My mother swore that she would never remarry and I swore to do all in my power to make this as easy on her as possible. After my father's death we lost a great amount of our income and we were barely getting by. At this point we had no choice but to find a home to work for that would give us room and board which was not something I was happy about although I would have never guessed the happenings that occurred in the very house that we came to live in. The dwelling was called the Aickman house. My name is Willow Gift and there will be two dead rising tonight.[Chapter 2] As I was packing up my stuff at our old dank one room apartment I found some of my father's old cloths. At the top of pile was his dark red button down shirt and his favorite tie with the heart at the top that I made when I was 6. They were musty and stiff in my hand from being stored away poorly for so long but they still gave off a feeling of happiness, as if he was still there radiating his love through them. My mother was just on the other side of the room packing up the few things that she had when I called her over. I told her what I had found and she got up right away taking long strides close the space between us quickly and sat down next to me. My mother then reached over putting her hand on both my hand and his cloths when It happened. Flash backs from the past started to hit me, images of my father running through my head. Us under the tree, him pushing me on the swing laughing gaily while my mother read one of her books but then I started seeing things that were not part of my past. Images of my father on his death bed with my mother by his side in his last minutes. It was as if I was there just watching over my mother's shoulder but yet that could not be since I was not home at the time of his passing. It felt so real, my breathing increased practically gasping for air and my heart felt like it was going to explode out of my chest. To make matters worse I felt like I was going to be sick. The world was spinning beneath me and the images were consuming me. After what felt like forever, I was on the floor in my mother's arms as she was calling my name and telling me to wake up with tears in her eyes. It felt like I was coming out of a deep uncomfortable sleep. Still dazed and unaware of what had happened I shot up in panic almost hit my head into my mother's which made me even more dizzy so I propped myself up against the near wall and just looked down at myself. I seemed to be slightly covered in what seemed like drool but it was definitely not drool. Either way it was really disgusting. After a moment of total silence with my mother's painful gaze digging into me she asked \"What just happened Willow?\" with some relief washing over her as she saw that I was ok, I choked out \"I don't know\" I stuttered, \"Maybe all the dust and rot in this place is finally getting to me, it is good we are getting out of here.\" I joke, trying to further calm her nerves. She gave me a look of caution as she got back up to finish her packing. I could not stop thinking about everything that I saw, things I could not have even known. I did not know what to do with myself and all the feelings of worry, pain, love, and confusion that were washing over me. After a few moments of reorganizing my thoughts I got up and pondered the idea of hiding my father's cloths under the old floor bored for safe keeping. There was a little safe place under the floor that I made while my mother was serving her late sentence at her awful job at the clothing factor. I had nothing to do since all my school work had been completed so I constructed a small safe place for the few nice things that we had and it served its purpose. Now it will hold the loving memory of my father since we haven't the ability to take it with us. It allowed for me to have a keep sake that way it would always be there if I even wanted to come back to it. As my mother was packing up the very last of her belongings I wrapped up my father's cloths in a worn piece of satin cloth that use to be a scarf and I gently placed it safely inside its new residence and put the half rotten piece of floor panel back in its place. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 It was early October and the leaves were starting to get colorful but ancient, falling of"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"A Haunting in Connecticut","Author":"bandits pesty uncle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8596406","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One Matt: \"Just wait here a second, Matt. I'll be right back,\" My mom said softly with a smile in her voice. She continued to rub my back for a few moments longer while I kept my head firmly secure between my knees; attempting and failing to stop the room from spinning. \"Okay, Mom,\" was all I was able to choke out. I hated this part of…everything. It was mostly the way they looked at me—my mom, the nurses, the patients—like I was dead already. That's what they thought of me. I sat up once my mom's hand stopped moving on my back. I rubbed my temples and opened my eyes slowly to watch her walk away. I let my eyes drift around the nearly empty waiting room and I couldn't help but think: there used to be a lot more people here. I had a pretty good guess what happened to them. Either they did or got better, no real in between. I heard the doors open just outside the waiting room. I tried to ignore it and not let my mind ponder who it might be but I felt this wave of anxiety flood through me. I noticed the other patients reaction too. They either gripped their arm rests or eagerly sat up to attention. I was somewhere in the middle. And there she was. She walked into the room with nothing but confidence. A large shimmering halo of blonde hair surrounding her face. She was stunning, wounded, healthy. With each step she took further in, the sea green colors faded and were replaced by the echo of shoes on the linoleum. She didn't belong here and I tried desperately to shut my mouth and look away. She had a face that belonged in a magazine and a walk that belonged on a runway. She's out of my league, I thought as I managed to pull my gaze to the muted tv screen. Something about world news and politics. She wouldn't look at me. That was another thing the Cancer killed—any chance I had with girls. Without my consent my face turned in her direction. Her eyes fell on me and I had that reflexive instinct to throw up…but in a good way, if there ever could be. Her cheeks took on some color as she looked down at her old converses. I tried not to look at her as she took the seat my mom left open. I failed and only succeeded in openly gawking at her. She smiled , looking away then back again. Was she really looking at me? She seemed to be bouncing her gaze from me to the open seat next to her but the next time her eyes came back she didn't look away. She was still blushing but I could see a hint of fear on her face. She must have known I was a dead man. \"Hi…,\" she greeted. \"My name's Cassandra.\" I smiled a smile that had not been smiled since I found out about the Cancer. I returned her greeting, \"Hey…I'm Matt.\" I looked into her eyes and was amazingly surprised by the color. Her right eye was a deep green that was the same color as the hoody I was wearing. But her left…Her left was a similar shade of green but much, much lighter—like the pigment in that eye was dying first. I licked my lips before blurting out, \"I'm sorry to ask but…what are you doing here?\" I instantly regretted asking but I had to know. This hospital was for patients that suffered from advanced stages of Cancer. If she had it, she was just diagnosed. \"Well…I,\" she let the 'I' drag on as she looked up, reliving something, \"was a bit closer to death than I wanted to be last night.\" \"Yeah…I know what you mean,\" I said, trying not to think of last night. Seven times. We had to stop seven times because I couldn't keep my lunch down…or my dying cells, \"It sucks.\" \"You have no idea,\" she whispered to no one in particular. She looked at me again, smiling, \"So, where are you from? I-I haven't seen you around.\" \"I don't live around here. I have to drive like..four hours to come,\" I answered, thinking of all the sad times I caught my mom praying when she thought I was asleep. \"That sounds like a lot of driving,\" she said with distaste. \"It kind of is, \" I sighed, looking around the waiting room to see if my mom would come save me. I was so bad at this. This was a shit conversation and it was all my fault. I will officially die alone. \"Who drives you?\" She asked, bringing my attention back to her. \"My mom, \"I answered, not exactly sure if I wanted her rushed or stalled anymore. \"She's lucky, \"Cassandra said quickly to my surprise. Cursed was more like it. \"What?\" I asked. To be sure I heard her right. \"Yeah, \" she said, blushing and thinking as she spoke, \"She gets to spend the whole day with you, talking nonstop. I think that's lucky.\" I tried not to let my jaw hang open too wide but I was shocked. I was dead—I had to be. How could SHE be flirting with ME? \"Well, I have to go,\" I looked to the door as she started to get up with a frown. A doctor was now leaving the room so I guessed that was the one that signaled her. I regretted not participating more in the conversation. This was way too good to be true. \"Um…,\"she said, making me look up to her. \"Do you have a cell phone?\" \"Uh…Uh…,\" it took me a minute to relax the racing of my heart and get mind straight. I licked my lips and spat out, \"You know I have cancer right?\" \"Oh…\"she paused. Then her mouth cracked into this smirk that was way too cute to aimed at me, \"Congratulations…I still want your number.\" \"Okay, \" I let the word drift out of my mouth as easily as my mouth lifted into a half smile. I took out my cell phone, neglecting the fact that it was the one that was only used for emergencies. And we exchanged digits. \"Maybe on one of your long trips you can text me or something, \"she was blushing and had this look that made me think she thought I would say 'no.' \"Okay…\"was all I could manage to slur as she walked out of the room. No way. As Cassandra disappeared my mom came into view, \"Matt…come on.\" I got out as soon as she beckoned. I saw the doctor that I thought was Cassandra's but she was no where to be found. I stopped and looked to my mom, \"I'll meet you in the car.\" \"Okay,\" she smiled her trusting smile and I waited til she was out of sight before I made my move. \"Excuse me, sir, but who was that girl in the waiting room?\" I asked. \"Who?\" he asked, confused. \"Um…the blonde I was talking to?\" I tried to clarify. \"I have no idea. Today was the first time I ever saw her. I thought she was your guest,\"he answered, making what little I knew about her tinged with uncertainty. \"Oh…\"was all I could say as I walked away, \"Thank you.\" Who was this mystery girl? Cassandra: \"Frick, Frick, Frick!\" I yelled, slamming my hand against the steering wheel of my 1964 Volkswagon 21-Window Van. With each contact my palm made I tried to get the image of the last thing I had seen out. It was a little glimpse of the future, what awaited the poor guy that just walked into the Cancer hospital of Connecticut. He had cancer! He didn't deserve the darkness, the flames, the things, the fire. This must have been it. This must have been what woke me up this morning and dragged me to this place. This guy, I had to help him; I had to stop this from coming true. I took in as deep of a breath as I could. I felt like I was seconds from plunging into ice cold oblivion. Someone was timing how long I could stay under this time. I got out of the van, not bothering to lock the door behind me. No one wanted this piece of old school beauty. It had been in my family way too long to matter to anyone but us. My feet came to a stop just outside the automatic doors. I could feel the negative energy rolling off the building in waves, repelling me from entering. It was almost painful to walk through the doors. Almost impossible to step into the waiting room. I let my eyes drift over the faces until I found the one. Another glimpse shot through me. A glance into his future like a preview to next weeks episode. Burning, decaying, horror. All that good stuff. When the images past I caught his eyes and couldn't help but flinch my gaze away. It couldn't be him; it can't be him. Please God, not him. I forced myself to catch his eye again as I waled toward the empty seat beside him. I was completely disgusted with myself. Was I really blushing? I never ever blush! Then again, I never ever get the attention of someone like him unless I'm getting rid of some ghosties. But normally I would never be able to get someone like him to look at me…someone so handsome, so tragically misplaced…OH MY GOODNESS I LIKED HIM! I sat down and tried to open my mouth to talk but it went numb. I looked away, hoping he didn't catch that. What was wrong with me?! I looked back at him to double check it was him, hoping beyond hope it wasn't him—it was. He looked at me as if I had six heads or six clearly visible zits, which ever was worse. He was waiting for me to do something. Either to speak or to leave, and I really didn't want to go. So, I smiled and said, \"Hi…my name's Cassandra.\" He smiled this cute little shy smile and said, \"Hey…I'm Matt.\" I was about to say something when I got stuck. I got stuck on this weird beating of my heart as he looked into my eyes and I looked into his. The deeper I gazed the darker they became. Although I knew his eyes were beautiful, they were a tangle of dark shadow that dragged me in, like I was drifting into some part of his inner workings. And in some far off part—miles and nukes down the tunnel and coming closer—I could see bodies moving over each other in some golden array of candle light and flesh. I could se- \"I'm sorry to ask but…\"I was pulled back into my body by the sound of Matt's voice. I had to blink fast to adjust my eyes to the light of the waiting room again. What had happened?\"What are you doing here?\" \"Well…I,\" I wondered how I should phrase the exact reason I came. I couldn't exactly tell him the truth. That after the seance last night trying to contact my mother and the ectoplasmic good of flying vomit that left my mouth and nostrils I was bent of changing my life and this was the new start God was directing me to. I couldn't exactly say that. So I settled on,\"was a bit closer to death than I wanted to be last night.\" I bit my lip as he said,\"Yeah, I know what you mean,\" scared the stuff from last night would pour out of my mouth again. I could still kinda taste it, \"It sucks.\" \"You have no idea,\" I whispered, dragging my tongue over my lips to ease up the flow of words. I looked back at him, hating that the conversation sort of felt over. I didn't know how to keep it going so I spat out, \"So, where are you from? I-I haven't seen you around?\" What did I know? I never see anyone around, \"I don't live around here. I have to drive like…four hours to come.\" He did this frown that wasn't so much of a frown as much as it was a mating call. \"That sounds like a lot of driving,\" I said, imagining him revealing himself of the side of the road. \"It kind of is,\" he sighed, looking around the room. I kicked myself internally for being so horrible at conversations. He must be bored out of his mind. But I couldn't just let him go. So I asked suddenly,\" Who drives you?\" \"My mom,\" he answered in this slow motion way. His lips hugging and parting as his face turned back in my direction. 'My mom' has never looked so good. \"She's lucky,\" tumbled out of my mouth before I could catch it. Why was I such a spazz?! What was it about him that made the years of…pain, suffering, and..abnormality just vanish? \"What?\" he asked, obviously thinking I was a tard or something.. \"Yeah,\" I said with my face a million shades of pink and purple. Alright Cass, make it a good one, \"She gets to spend the whole day with you, talking nonstop…I think that's lucky.\" He looked at me like I was the bad kind of special. I was so painfully horrible at this! Shoot! I saw a doctor come in and look at me. I could instantly feel his confusion and his wanting me out. He looked like one of those know-it-all doctors but felt like a baby medium. I had to get out before he started asking questions. So when he got out of the room I said, \"Well, I have to go.\" I started to stand up with a frown. I could see the flash of the future in my memory but I put Matt in all the blank spaces. He was so hot, I couldn't just let him walk into that unprotected. I turned to him while he looked down,\"Um…Do you have a cell phone?\" \"Uh…Uh…,\"buttercups. I should have known that was too much. I should have seen the signs. I should have kno-,\"You know I have cancer right?\" \"Oh…\"I blinked. Was that it? I could have laughed! Did he not feel hot because of his illness? Was that why he was so distant? \"Congratulations…I still want your number.\" \"Okay,\" he said, his mouth unfolding into a half smile that made my eyes drift up the half arch of lips and skin. We exchanged numbers and I couldn't stop myself from blushing. And in my insecure way I said, \"Maybe on one of your long trips you can text me or something.\" \"Okay,\" was all he said and I took my leave. I walked past the doctor in time to hear what was surely Matt's mom say, \"Matt…come on.\" I rushed out of the hospital, feeling like I was bursting from a black bag. I got into my big beautiful van and took in a deep breath of vanilla, cinnamon, and brown sugar. I calmed myself; mediums were no good when they were nervous. I put the van in 'D' and drove out of the parking lot. I cheesed it to one of many safe clearings where I could get some rest. After all that I was super tired and something told me peaceful sleep was numbered.[Chapter 2] chapter two Matt: Should I? I shouldn't I? Shouldn't I? If only I had some sunflowers and a lot of time. I could spend the whole day plucking petals instead of sitting in the back of the car, trying not to notice what ever was in my stomach climbing up my throat. \"So…\" my mom said, making me look up at her. She was peeking at me through the rear-view mirror. \"You look a bit happier than usual today.\" \"Yeah…I'm feeling…\" I looked back at my phone screen, pressing a miscellaneous button to make Cassandra's number come back to life. My eyes drifted over the many letters that made up her name that reflected the many parts that made her life. I wanted to know those parts, I wanted to know that girl. The one that liked a cancer kid like me. \"Feeling…?\" mom asked, making me realize I had yet to finish my sentence. I blushed a little as I looked at her in the mirror, \"Optimistic.\" She kept a laugh hidden in her smile. She had this all-knowing look as she asked, \"It wouldn't have anything to do with that cute blonde who's number you've been staring at for the past half mile, would it?\" \"What?!\" I asked too loud, scoffing to play it off. The sudden use of my diaphragm made a spasm in my lower body. It started lifting inside me, feeling like little bubbles that would escape into a burp. But it was never a burp. I was never that lucky. I knew this Cassandra induced high wouldn't last long. \"Just text her!\" My mom yelled encouragingly. I lowered my face to hide the blush and the face I made as I tried to swallow down the bubbles or the bile. I never once thought we would be having this conversation after leaving the hospital. It made me…hopeful again. \"Come on, Matt. Just do it! It's obvious she likes you.\" I shook my head, \"I still don't know what you're talking about.\" \"Haven't we been through enough with each other?\" she asked, making me feel guilty. I huffed to let her know she won, \"What's her name?\" \"Cassandra,\" I let her name out like I let out my vomit—unwillingly. \"Like the oracle in Greek Mythology,\" she noted. I nodded as I looked out the window, knowing she would see me. I looked at all the passing monotony and felt an increasing sense of doom. She wouldn't want this. She wouldn't want these trips. \"She's beautiful…you know…she's not out of your league.\" \"Okay mom, \"I said in the teen tone I hadn't used in a while. \"Maybe we should stop the conversation here…\" \"And further down the road…if you want to,\" I could see her planning how to say the next words, \"express your love fear each other…I hope you know to use protection.\" \"That's enough mom!\" I groaned, feeling not up for the conversation as the bubbles began to lift, \"I don't have 'further down the road'…okay?\" \"No. Not okay, Matt,\" she used her scary Mom tone. The one that made the teen in me shake a bit. \"This isn't going to beat you. You are going to make it, Matty. You're going to survive.\" \"Yeah mom, \"I said because I knew I had to..but her words fell on deaf ears. I didn't believe it anymore. Not believing didn't stop me from fighting…it just stopped me from being comforted. I looked down at my phone and made the dark screen vanish by pressing the center key. My eyes rolled over her name and number and I wished I had taken a picture. Just to prove she was real and really…into me. Suddenly a bubble made it too far up and I couldn't hold it back anymore,\" Mom…pull over…Now!\" Before I could squeeze out the 'Now!' she was parked along the shoulder of the highway. I ran out into the tall grass and dropped my hands onto my knees. I opened my mouth and it felt like everything that was in me just tumbled out of my mouth. I hated this part. I hated the fact my mother had to sit and watch me throw up. It made me feel worse, helpless, weak. \"Matt…are you okay, honey?\" She asked. I stood up, sure I was finished with this episode until something else began to slide up. I hardly ate today. I brought my hand to my mouth while the other waved her away, hoping she wouldn't look, \"I'm fine! Don't look! I'm-\" I wiped my mouth only to allow another pile of throw up escape. I was disgusted with myself and I couldn't help imagine Cassandra watching me do this. I leaned forward to put my hands back on my knees. Why would someone like her want to deal with this? I let out a dry heave to be sure that was it. I let out a deep breath and walked back to the car. When I got in I threw myself into the backseat, shutting the door behind me. I felt so weak and empty but this…this was a cake walk. This was a good day. I looked around for my phone just to see Cassandra's name one more time but noticed something, \"Mom…where's my phone?\" \"Oh…I was just looking for the time…I think I sent a message or something…\"she said as she handed the phone back to me, beginning to drive again with a satisfied smirk,\"You know I'm technologically illiterate.\" I grabbed the phone hungrily and looked in the outbox, \"Mom!\" She sent Cassandra a blank page. \"You act like I did it on purpose!\" she shrugged, trying to hide a grin. I looked at her through the rear-view mirror,\"Okay…so maybe I did…Well hurry up and say something!\" I looked back at the screen and opened up a new message to her. I felt like throwing up but I wasn't sure if it was in a good way or a bad way yet. I wasn't sure what to send so I just texted: Hey In thirty seconds I got a reply: Miss me already? My face exploded into a huge smile. It was so sudden I didn't have time to hide before my mom saw me threw the mirror,\"Did it work?\" I looked up to her smiling face with a blush,\"What do you think?\" Cassandra: Laying on the shag carpet in the back of my van wasn't enough. Although it felt like plush and clouds, I still couldn't drift to sleep with my thoughts on tour. I had been thinking about the van itself to distract my mind from what I knew I really wanted to fantasize about. I wasn't ready yet to let it escalate in that direction. But even sturdy mechanics, false bottoms, and shag carpets couldn't keep things innocent for very long. Matt. The name brought the face and for once I was able to picture him without recoiling from the unavoidable future. I wanted to talk to him. To put the voice with the face as I let my minds eye trace the features of it with my invisible finger trailing down from his forehead and over the bridge of his nose. The pad of my index finger sending tiny waves of tingles as I pressed it to his lips telling him to \"Shhh…\" No. I couldn't think about that. I had to plan, prepare, prevail. First: I had to think about his gentle state. He was sick…he was-I couldn't think it. This meant he was sensitive. Unlike mediums, the people in his…condition…were constantly being tampered with and pushed around by any spirit that was strong and smart enough to realize they couldn't fight back. At any second Matt could be possessed by anything from a dead bird to a demon. I had to take that into account. Second: I had to assess the relationship between him and his family. If they were neglectful my job would be easy, but if they were a good family—caring, nurturing, wonderful— I could do nothing. Well…that was an exaggeration. I could do close to nothing. I would have to constantly take into account what they were thinking, what they were being exposed to, how much they could actually take. Normal people were just so …prissy. And third: I really liked Matt. I couldn't help myself but get excited when I thought about him! When I looked at my cell phone and saw his name there, when I thought about him giving it to me, when I remembered him smiling. I couldn't help but let my mind roam. Him. Me. Us. I could imagine myself guiding him backward into the van. I could imagine myself dragging him in and shutting the door behind us. I could imagine his smile as he held onto me and I teased him with my kisses. I could almost imagine what he was packin- Stop! I couldn't do that. I couldn't think about that. I had to be serious. But I couldn't be serious. I had never been in a relationship. I had never been kissed. I had never done so many things that I never once thought twice about. That was, of course, until I met him. He was handsome, he was cute, he was…insecure, and sick, and doomed. Damn Matt, I thought to myself as I looked at my phone. Why didn't he text me? I wanted to call him myself but he was with his mom…I hoped that our conversations would be private. I hoped he would want to keep me locked inside of him like I wanted to keep him. I hoped our conversations would be things so secret we could never repeat them twice. Well…they had to be. I mean, at one point I HAD to tell him. I had to tell him about what I was, what I saw, and what that meant. At one point he had to find out the truth. And he had to leave me. But why did that have to be now? Suddenly my phone went off and I rushed to look at my phone with excitement…but it was only a blank page…What did that mean. A new messaged arrived from saying simply: Hey. God did that make my heart go wild. I looked back over the messages and felt an intense sense of love and hope and good nature and the second nervousness and uneasiness. I realized his mother must have seen him looking at my number and while he was away, probably releaving himself, she sent the blank message making him have to send something. Man, did I love her already. I replied quickly: Miss me already? Although I was new to this thing I still had some idea of how I should act. While I looked over his \"Hey\" I smiled and blushed wildly, realizing vaguely: He kind of did. ","Summary":" Chapter One Matt: \"Just wait here a second, Matt. I'll be right back,\" My mom said softly with a "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Sidewalks","Author":"Aitri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6854091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note – I just can't leave this fandom alone, can I? Suppose I should tell you how this story was born. A few weeks ago I was in Kansas City, staring at the beautiful urban photo opportunities from inside the car. Something about the littered streets and graffiti-stained buildings inspired me so as soon as I got back home I was on the computer, writing. I'm too in love with the characters from HIC to give the story to another fandom, so I decided to try my luck with an AU. This will be very AU, so be warned. But I did my best to keep the personalities of the characters as intact as possible. I will try my hardest to update as quickly as possible, just know that school and my job keep me busy. Hope you enjoy and never be too shy to drop a review. :) Sidewalks Chapter One Shutterfield Mercy House March 18th, 1987 Matthew Campbell despised mornings. Brown hair askew and gray eyes sullen he sat perched upon the front porch of his home, one leg drawn close to his chest while the other hung limply from the wood railing. The early light painted the neighborhood with pastel colors that cast a pleasing tone over the rundown houses, settling an illusion that downtown Bridgeport was actually a favorable place to be. Matt had lived here his entire life, born into a low-income family and raised in the frugal lifestyle without complaint. He was accustomed to the cheap life and there were never any thoughts on his mind that it would ever change. The house he currently reposed against was his own, well, at least half of it. Two stories with muted white paint that curled up in peeling strips from the outside walls, it wasn't a spectacular piece of architecture, but it was home. The first floor belonged to his own family, but the second was the home of the Jennings. The Campbells rarely had issues with the fellow family but there was always a harsh tension that hung thick in the air when Mr. and Mrs. Jennings could be heard arguing loudly above. Those were the times when Wendy and Mary would come downstairs to visit. It had taken a few months for Matt to warm up to the girls, his only positive outlook on them being that maybe his younger brother Billy wouldn't bother him as much now that he had a new friend. But after three years of numerous nights spent with Wendy and Mary Matt eventually considered them friends and then finally acknowledged them as siblings, an instinctive protectiveness dwelling between all of them. Twenty till eight. Matt's jaw clicked as he yawned, the bones in his legs popping loudly as he stretched them. He hated mornings, but he couldn't ignore this one. He swung his legs from the banister and padded down the concrete steps leading to the street, taking a deep breath of the frigid morning air before setting off down the sidewalk. Hands in his pockets and head bowed he trudged on in silence, gray eyes focused on his shoes. This was the route he walked each Saturday. Every intricate detail was memorized from the smell of the bushes to the spider web of cracks in the pavement. Despite the hum of occasional cars passing by there were few sounds to distract. Maybe that was one good thing about morning. It was quiet. At home, Matt had precious little time to just relax and ponder over things that didn't matter. On the fifteen-minute walk to Shutterfield he could let his mind wander, become ignorant to reality and pretend that there was no world to worry about. No responsibility. No other person but himself. Ten minutes… Fifteen. \"Campbell!\" Time was up. Matt pulled his head up slowly, squinting past the morning sun to the silhouette calling to him from across the street. He slipped a hand from his hoodie pocket and shaded his eyes, letting the figure's features become clear as he walked closer. It was a man, two heads taller than himself with a blunt face accented by wrinkles around his mouth and eyes. In his left hand he loosely gripped a smoking cigarette, bringing to his lips as soon as Matt came near. The man, known as Keith, inhaled the toxic mix and a deep chuckle rumbled from his chest as his dark brown eyes roved over the young Campbell. \"Every Saturday at nine. You're quite consistent.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Reluctant but ready.\" Another petulant laugh slipped from his mouth. \"Shit-load of work today, so wake up. Allison has your assignments inside.\" Matt lifted his eyes to the building they were standing outside of; a reputable brick monument decorated with graffiti and dirt that cast a hefty shadow across the street. The back door was a pitiful thing, a flimsy and splintered board of wood hanging from crooked hinges. But it did its job. Above it hung a small wooden sign from a rusted nail, three words painted onto it with care. Shutterfield Mercy House \"Go on.\" Keith wrapped his fingers around the handle of the door and with some difficulty thrust it open, ushering Matt through the threshold. Once inside, the familiar scent of vomit and hand sanitizer assaulted the teenager's senses but after being in the shelter weekly he had become used the stench so his sense of smell quickly adjusted. He crossed through the kitchen, narrowly avoiding the bustling workers as they struggled to maintain some level of order. Allison could be seen by one of the serving stations but before Matt could get near a pair of thin arms wrapped themselves around his shoulders and pulled him back. The sudden weight of a body behind him upset his balance and he barely just managed to grab onto a counter before he could be brought to the ground, coughing when the arms slipped up to his neck before releasing. \"Thank God you're here! There's so much to do and half the volunteers haven't even shown up yet. You can't imagine how much vomit and piss there is in the main hall.\" The low scratchy tone was easily recognizable. \"Nice to see you too, Jamie.\" Matt spun on his heel to face the girl. She looked back at him with a toothy grin, hands stuffed into the pockets of her oversized jeans and feet shuffling awkwardly on the tile floor. Her messy blonde hair was pulled back into a bun to fully reveal her dull hazel eyes and shallow cheeks spattered with freckles that extended across her upturned nose. \"Allison assigned you with me. We have to shoo out the hangover's from St. Patty's Day and clean up their mess.\" \"That's nice.\" Matt responded as two buckets were shoved into his hands; one filled with water and the other with rags. Jamie shouldered a mop and walked alongside him into the main hall, chatting amiably. \"You should've been here last night. I swear we've never had so many people. All the cots were filled and half of the people kept falling out of them,\" she laughed, \"they were so juiced!\" The mop was brought down from her shoulder and she motioned for Matt to set down the bucket filled with water. He complied and took a rag from the second bucket, dousing it in the liquid before going to work off a spot of vomit on one of the cots. There were sixty cots total in the shelter, organized neatly in three rows of twenty. The second section of the main hall consisted of the dining tables and benches; four of them already halfway filled with the morning usuals. \"Ugh, grody.\" Jamie scrubbed furiously at a urine stain on the tile, her face twisted upwards in whether concentration or repulsion Matt couldn't tell. He scratched absent-mindedly at an itch on the back of his neck and yawned, moving onto the next cot with lazy steps. He heard Jamie laugh behind him and turned. \"What?\" \"You awake yet, spangler? You're lookin' a little tired there,\" she leaned on the mop, one hand placed meticulously on her hip while her eyes roved over his form, \"and skinny too. Getting ready for a pageant?\" \"… … Sure.\" Matt's response produced another laugh from Jamie. A breath slipped past his lips and he turned to resume wiping down the cots with furious scrubbing. The buzz of conversations eventually put him at ease and he was able to adjust to a calm routine of cleaning and ignore Jamie's sly comments. She stopped altogether upon realizing that he wasn't listening. Some of the people in the dining hall would cast a glance towards the volunteers, only a few actually smiling at Matt. He was relatively new and even though most of the members warmed up to fresh volunteers easily there were others who were still wary. He got used to that. \"Can I help you, sir?\" \"We're fine, thank you.\" A smooth tone, manipulative, new, and strangely unsettling. Matt snuck a furtive glance towards Jamie, watching as she struggled to stand responsibly under the frame of an impressive figure. It was man that stood before her, well dressed with an air of superiority that he easily boasted across the room. He stood rigidly straight as if there was an iron bar welded into his spine. A pair of spectacles perched on the tip of his nose flashed the florescent light from above, making it near impossible to make out where his gaze rested. Matt had never seen him before but the presence he brought to the room made the teenager shiver. \"Well-\" Jamie swallowed before continuing, \"The kitchen is open so if you guys are hungry help yourselves. If you're hoping to volunteer see, uh, Allison. She's over there.\" The man thanked Jamie and trudged past, patting her shoulder as he crossed. She blanched at the touch. Once the man was out of earshot she skidded over to Matt. \"I think I just shit myself.\" She muttered. \"I turned around and he was just standing there, lookin' at me like he was ready to snuff me. Did you see his eyes?\" \"No.\" \"Dead, man, like a scarecrow's. And that kid!\" \"There was a kid with him?\" Matt turned to look but before he could spot the stranger Jamie grabbed onto his shoulder and spun him back to her, shaking her head furiously. \"Just ignore it… That man has serious power. I don't know over what, but he seems legit.\" She released her grip on his shoulder and exhaled, gripping the mop with shaky hands. \"Jus' keep working.\" Matt made as if to respond but his mouth was dry and only a breath escaped. He nodded, licked his lips, and scooped another rag from the bucket. Jamie smiled at him approvingly (a fake smile, but he accepted it nonetheless) and turned to leave. \"Jamie,\" his voice called out scratchily before she could get too far. \"Yeah?\" \"What did he look like? … The kid?\" A few moments before the response: \"Young. Dark hair… Pale… He had the bluest eyes I've ever seen.\"[Chapter 2] Author's Note – Don't hate the player hate the game. Not really, you can hate me if you want but at least the second chapter is finally here. Enjoy. Sorry for the late, late, late, late update. Sidewalks Chapter Two Mint Chocolate Chip March 18th, 1987 Was he shaking? Hand extended in front of him he could see the tremors running through the flesh like worms underneath the skin. His fingers twitched and tensed as if they had minds of their own, despite his desperate attempts to keep his motions in check. Why did his arms feel so heavy? He looked down to see his legs behaving in a similar way, and it was becoming increasingly difficult to remain standing. He needed out, just a few minutes outside. Some fresh air, that's all he needed. This place was smothering him. What they were going to do here would not be forgotten easily. It was windy outside, but Mary always claimed that a breeze made a story more dramatic. The gusts shook the foliage above and cast dancing patterns on top of Mary's brown head as she played in the grass. The small girl lay amongst numerous toys on the lawn, two dolls gripped in her hands that she pranced about happily, expressing a pretend adventure of her own making. She spoke loudly for the toys and sometimes even sang, using twigs and grass as props. Blue eyes focused intensely on the scenes that played out before she hardly acknowledged the world around. From the front porch steps of the house Wendy watched in silence. The teen sat with her legs crossed and a weathered novel gripped tightly in her right hand; chin resting gently in the palm of her left. It was her unspoken duty to supervise Mary on Saturday's and she took up the responsibility without complaint, whether it was at the park or on the front lawn. It was their time to get away from their argumentative parents and find solitude in one another. If her little sister was content playing by herself today Wendy could finish the book she had been working on for the past week. Her dark brown eyes settled onto the words of the page and she resumed reading. \"Wendy,\" small blue orbs peering over the tip of her novel, fingers curling over her hand. \"I'm bored.\" Guess the reading would have to wait. Wendy folded the corner of her page and set the book down. She glanced down to see Mary rubbing the ears of the stuffed tiger underneath her arm, staring up hopefully. \"Well, is there something you want to go do?\" The girl squinted and pondered over her options. After a few beats she smiled and raised her head. \"Can we go get ice cream?\" The oldest Jennings delved a slender hand into her pocket and fingered the folded bills that lay there, trying to recall the amount of money she had without stealing a glance. Four dollars. \"… Sure,\" she stood up, \"but only single scoops, okay?\" Mary squealed in delight and took a hold of her sister's hand, ready to usher her off the porch steps. \"Hang on.\" Wendy tugged her arm from the grip. \"We can go get ice cream but I have to stop by Shutterfield for a few minutes.\" She turned to slip her bare feet into a pair of sandals when Mary's hand closed around her arm once more. \"Shutterfield? Why?\" \"What's with that tone? I thought you liked Shutterfield?\" Wendy had volunteered at Shutterfield numerous times before Matt began his weekly rounds. She brought Mary along with her on a few occasions and hadn't seen any signs of negativity towards the place. Then again, she wasn't the best at reading people. She looked down to see her sister's face screwed up as she pondered over what to say. \"It's weird. The people there are strange and it upsets my stomach.\" \"Only for a few minutes, Mary.\" The oldest Jennings attempted to convince. \"We'll get ice cream and then I'll just stop by. Okay? You can hang out with Allison.\" \"Can we just not go?\" \"Come on, Mary.\" Said with frustration. A stubborn pause before: \"Alright, alright.\" Mary held up her hands in defeat before taking a hold of Wendy's arm and walking forward, her other arm keeping a tight grip on the stuffed tiger. The eldest kissed the top of her little sister's head gently and smiled at the ' bleck ' sound Mary made. It was seven minutes to the ice cream shop and fifteen to Shutterfield. By five minute the siblings were chatting amiably as if there had been no dispute only moments earlier. It was always difficult for either of them to hold a grudge against the other. Especially on Saturdays. \"Fudge chocolate or sweet strawberry?\" \"Mint chocolate chip.\" \"Alright.\" Wendy pointed at the gallon of ice cream as notice for the attendant, laughing quietly to herself. \"That's quite a change.\" She was handed two cones and passed one to her sister before paying. \"Fair warning, it tastes like toothpaste.\" The only response was a tongue pointed in her direction. \"Let's go.\" They stepped out of the small sweetshop and back onto the sidewalks, both too entranced with the quickly melting ice cream to engage in any conversation as they walked. The race to catch rivulets of melting chocolate was somewhat entertaining until it made their hands sticky. By the time they reached Shutterfield all that was left of the treats were the soggy bottoms of the waffle shells. As they neared Mary would glance up anxiously, her fingers fidgeting with the hem of her floral shirt and the tiger underneath her arm. The building was still the same; lurid graffiti decorating the usually bleak bricks and wads of gum compressed so far into the cracks of the structure they were probably helping to hold the building up anyway. A loud noise drew Mary's attention away from the monument and over to the back door where a figure had just burst through and now stood hunched over the pavement, retching onto the asphalt with a sickening wet cough. Wendy wrapped a protective arm around her sister, watching the figure warily as he resumed to empty his stomach. He was skinny and the same height as Matt, but it was the shock of dark hair and bright blue eyes that set him apart. After a few more heaves he wiped his mouth and let out a shaky breath, glancing up to the two girls watching him from a few yards away. His pale skin flushed almost instantly. Wendy stared straight back at him, trying to distinguish him from all the other faces she had seen at Shutterfield. He must have been new, because she couldn't put her finger on a name. \"I'm so sorry.\" The boy stammered quickly, brushing back his hair with a hand and attempting to straighten his shirt. Wendy never diverted her gaze, keeping her grip on Mary tight. \"'Excuse us.\" She stepped forward with a fake authority and the boy stepped to the side quickly. Something about him put her on edge, creating a pit in her stomach that twisted into coils and braids. The back door was wedged shut from being opened and closed so furiously and it took a few good yanks for Wendy to open it. She pulled Mary in front of her and ushered her into the building, casting one last glance into the boy's electric eyes before shutting the door. \"Told you we shouldn't have come.\" \"Oh, hush.\" Wendy pushed her sister playfully but Mary didn't react, choosing instead to fold her arms and keep her eyes focused on the ground as they walked. Allison stood by one of the serving stations, loading trays with food. Her lips were pulled back in a smile, making her eyes squint and even more wrinkles appear on her already aged face. If anyone could cheer up Mary it was Allison. \"Hello, Wendy!\" Allison called out from over the loud bustle of the shelter. \"I see you've brought Mary along too! I haven't seen either of you in quite some time.\" She paused to load a few more trays and push them out onto the counter before stepping out and embracing both Wendy and Mary one after the other. \"Hi, Allison. I came here to get the clothes I left in the back.\" \"Of course. Your stuff is in Matt's locker, so you're going to have to find him to get it out.\" \"Okay. Can you watch Mary while I go find him? I've been dragging her around all day.\" Allison nodded and took Mary's hand to lead her back over to the serving station. After a few jokes and laughs she had Mary smiling and helping just as Wendy had expected. The older sister sighed before turning her gaze over to the dining hall, eyes scanning for her cousin. It wasn't difficult to spot him. Matt was sitting at one of the long tables with Jamie at his side, both entranced by a game of cards set out before them and two regulars across the table. Jamie was laughing and being boisterous as usual while Matt remained quiet, playing the game in a thoughtful silence as was customary for his personality. Wendy had met Jamie her first day volunteering at Shutterfield. At first she had found the girl abrasive but after a few weeks she warmed to her eccentric tendencies and eventually considered her a friend. Matt's first day the girl had clung to him like a stain on a shirt and ever since then the two were always seen together on Saturdays, whether Matt wanted to have it that way or not. He showed a certain disregard towards Jamie, something Wendy had noted ever since his first day. She brushed the observation aside and made her way over to the table, sliding onto the bench next to Matt. \"Basra?\" \"Always.\" Jamie answered for him. \"I need the key to your locker.\" \"You could at least buy me dinner first.\" He retorted smartly. \"My clothes are in there, asshole.\" Wendy punched Matt's arm, surprised when he flinched at the relatively small contact. \"Sorry.\" \"Just a bit sore. Don't apologize.\" He laid out the last three cards in his hand before reaching into his pocket. \"Here.\" A key was procured from his pocket and thrown in front of her. She took the object with muttered thanks, stood up from the bench, and trudged through the thinning crowd towards the back. Her eyes moved from person to person until they fell upon the boy she had seen outside. It was subconscious, attempting to find him in the crowd. He stood straight, blue eyes staring straight back at her. Although a tad startled, she continued to walk, bringing her gaze to the floor only to glance up again and again to that stare. An older man stood behind him with a hand on his shoulder, his face unreadable but strangely unsettling. He was looking at her too. The new ones were always the strangest. A chill breathed at the bottom of Wendy's spine and tickled at the back of her neck by the time she reached the backroom. She opened and closed the door as quickly as she could manage without looking awkward, finally exhaling once she reached Matt's locker. Her hands shook slightly as she inserted the key and they continued to shake as she emptied the clothes into a plastic bag. Her thoughts drifted back to those two faces. There had been such genuine concern shown by the boy with blue eyes, but the older man standing behind had no emotion in his dark, seemingly dead gaze. Such a steep difference bothered her. A hollow clack brought Wendy's attention to the ground where an empty bottle of Ibuprofen rolled to tap against the bench behind her. She hesitated momentarily before bending down to retrieve it. As she moved to place it back into the locker she noted three more bottles stuffed between the T-shirts. Upon further inspection it was discovered that two were Advil, (one nearly empty) and the last was another Ibuprofen. The bottles were stuffed back into the locker before it was closed with slowly steadying hands. Wendy snatched up her bag of clothes and walked resolutely towards the door. \"Grab Mary, then go home. That's it.\" She steeled herself and pulled quickly on the handle, pushing back any reluctance to see those on the other side of the door. Her eyes stayed focused on her feet as she stepped into the main hall and made her way back over to where Matt was sitting. Sliding onto the bench she placed the key in front of him before gently tugging on his shirt so that he leaned over for her to speak into his hear. It was something he had learned to do after years of their passing secrets. \"Can I talk to you later? It's important.\" \"Yeah. Tonight.\" He said before pulling back. Jamie leaned in closer with an inquisitive look and the conversation ended there. Wendy smiled at her and stood, patting Matt on the shoulder. See you two later.\" She smiled, tossing the bag of clothes over her shoulder before setting off to find where Allison and Mary had disappeared off to. She found them still at the serving station, playing their favorite game now that the morning rush had died down. \"Platypus. \"Autumn.\" \"A dress.\" \"Grass!\" It was a ridiculous game they had introduced several months ago. The idea was to continue spouting nonsensical words that didn't relate in any way to the word that the other person had said. Once Wendy's presence was made known they slowed the pace of the game before stopping completely after a few quick and clever words. \"Thank you for watching her, Allison.\" Wendy said, grabbing onto Mary's shoulder as the younger girl came to stand in front of her sister. \"It's nothing. I love visiting with her.\" She paused, looking at the siblings thoughtfully. \"When do you think you two will be back?\" \"Oh, I don't know.\" Wendy opened her mouth to continue but her gaze shifted and met with the emotionless countenance of the older man she had seen earlier. He had his hand on the shoulder of the young boy with blue eyes, imitating the way Wendy kept Mary close. The boy watched her with genuine concern in his features. He nervously stole a glance at the older man behind him before looking back at her, mouthing four words towards Wendy she could hardly distinguish. She looked back at Allison, smiling apologetically for the lapse in her attention. \"… Probably not for a while.\" Allison nodded understandingly. She hugged each of the sisters goodbye before leading them towards the back door. Wendy said thank you once more before stepping out of the building, an inexplicable relief washing over her as the door closed behind. She let go of Mary's shoulders and the two trudged down the sidewalks back towards home. Mary, relieved as well to be out of Shutterfield, chatted amiably as they walked but Wendy wasn't listening. She rubbed her hands together nervously, pondering over those four words mouthed at her from across the room and hoping that maybe she had just deciphered them wrong. \"... Wendy?\" \"Yes, Mary?\" \"Don't let me get that toothpaste ice-cream ever again.\" \"Told you.\" ","Summary":" Author's Note – I just can't leave this fandom alone, can I? Suppose I should tell you how this sto"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"12:9 - Matt Campell Fanfiction","Author":"stay.beachy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12323880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" One fine day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight. Back to back they faced each other, drew their swords and shot each other.\" Some might call these anonymous words \"scripture,\" while others will fight that it is \"nonsense\". I was one of the few to read it as a subliminal message and told my boyfriend about it, knowing he would be able to disembowel the jumbled meaning. Who knew that one day these insensible strings of words would have so much depth to our lives? How could one predict the sudden twenty-four seven cliff-hanger they call cancer? They don't have scripture or boot camps or kids shows that could possibly prepare you for the incredibly agonizing fall from life or have to sit by and watch, with everything to prevent the tragic landing out of grasp. Matty Is My Lifeline. I would murder for him, die for him, anything. He doesn't know the extent I would go for him or for anything he needed. If he wanted the inner core of the Earth, I would stride through Hell and personally rip it from the depths of the world. He could ask me to quit everything in New York and move to Tibet, as long as I got to be with him. I would give him my soul if it meant that he could get better. I would give up the Gift in exchange for Matt. He is the only reason I live today. He is the one to push me forward and propel me to my limits. I'm Jewish so, I don't believe in the Son, but if me believing would have fixed Matty, I would have been the most devout believer. Romans 12:9 is the only line I've read that means something to my life by simply stating, \"Love must be sincere. Hate what is evil; cling to what is good.\" Matty says it's my Bible verse, something that appeals to my life and the only \"Jesus worshipping part of me.\" He's the only one that really accepted what was happening with me when I bluntly told him. Living in 1987 gave us limited options for what we could do. Matty was one of the dead boys. He was trying to fight, but the other boy had a bigger hand in this round and was winning. I thought then that the dead boy was the damn sickness. Boy, was I wrong. The long nights of disgusting battles ripping him to shreds took it's toll on the Campbell family. At first, he never wanted me to see him when he was really bad. That lasted about a year, then gave into my bickering. Matt was the leading man in our year. Everyone loved him because he was such a good guy and so great to be around. He was one of the star athletes at our school and no one would challenge him otherwise. I remember going to every one of his games and thinking, \"how could I be this lucky?\" He was so healthy and strong and loved then. Hodgkin's lymphoma is the cancer of the immune system. As it spreads, attacking lymphatic system, it threatens and spikes at the body's ability to fight infections and battle certain diseases. Symptoms include fatigue, fever, chills, loss of appetite and increased sensitivity to the effects of alcohol. We found out late. Sarah thought he had the flu and it was too expensive at the time to run tests. She finally was able to get him help when his ancestors began to pull at him from the other side. Anyone that tells Sarah she was wrong for waiting so long is inconsiderate, abhorrent, vacuous, and had never met her. She's the most selfless person I know. She would go to the depths of the Earth for her kids and do anything for their safety. I would follow that woman into battle without a second of thought. The Campbell's are mainly devout Catholics. I love to hear how highly they cherish faith and hold God on a pedestal of his own. I'm not saying I don't feel the same about the big man in the sky, but I have my doubts. Like, how could he plague this family of pure saints with such a poor fate for their eldest son. I knew he was real because, how could the other side be so riddled with the judgement of passing without him? All I can think of when they are screaming at each other about what step to take next and when the Earth will crumble underneath Matt, taking him forever, is the love is sincere and we should hate was is evil, like the deafening force pulling him away, and cling to what time we have left - the good. They all want to help and push him up, away from the yanking grip of death, and all they're doing is exhausting the boy and his immune system. Sarah's rosary is terrifyingly worn and if you look close enough, it's like the prayers are cracking through the small beads. The first time I witnessed her lose a bead was Matt's first MRI. We came home early from a baseball game because he passed out on the field. That was also a day that Sarah gave me a rosary. She said that even if I wasn't catholic, it would help protect me and those I prayed for. I couldn't help but feel oddly towards God. He was ripping Matt from this family and had the guts to give me the Gift. He had the guts to send reapers knocking at the doorstep and sending me to this family, that I love as my own, to watch as they tried taking him.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 I sat patiently on my bed attempting to read. The phone hadn't rung and I was fidgety. Since the summer rolled around, I found myself going crazy with boredom and worry. At least at school, I had distractions to keep me from thinking about what he was going through and the ache I felt when I was away from him. I wasn't there to, as Matt put it, \"keep away the demons\". Also, it kept me from the realization of how pathetic I am. Now this is the point. You fancy me mad. Madmen know nothing. But you should have seen me. You should have seen how wisely I proceeded -with what caution -with what foresight -with what dissimulation I went to work! But school was overrated. People can turn on you in an instant because of what you believe in or those you hung out with. They pretend to be your friend but murder the hope that anyone is real. They take all faith in humanity and crush it between their red, nail polished fingertips and flash their gnashing white bullets behind their tightened pink lips. I needed to know how Matt was doing. Not being with him leaves me scatter brained at moments. I don't know if I should start a new hobby when he's away or finish the others I attempted once upon a time. I kept quite still and said nothing. For a whole hour I did not move a muscle, and in the meantime, I did not hear him lie down. He was still sitting up in the bed listening; -just as I have done, night after night, hearkening to the death watches in the wall. I seemed to have left all my friends behind once Matt was diagnosed. He wanted me out of the dangers that came in luggage behind the Spades. My brother always said that people will become your weaknesses and tear you down. If you're alone, none can hold something against you and no one can make you feel emotions you don't want to feel. I love the feeling that friends gave me before everything happened. I loved having the Spades at my side and going to parties, but I would give it up a million times over to be with Matt. It was open -wide, wide open -and I grew furious as I gazed upon it. I saw it with perfect distinctness -all a dull blue, with a hideous veil over it that chilled the very marrow in my bones; but I could see nothing else of the old man's face or person: for I had directed the ray as if by instinct, precisely upon the damned spot. The phone finally rang. I picked it up with no hesitation. Matt laughed when I answered so quickly, \"Hey gorgeous, miss me?\" \"More than you know. How was the office today?\" I asked, twirling the cord around my finger. He was in thought, killing my suspense, \"It was fine. Sarah is going mad, saying that I'm too far away from the hospital and that the drive is going to kill me.\" I grinned on the other line. \"So, you're a contender for the treatment?!\" \"Yeah, I got the part!\" I chuckled at his joke. \"You wanna come over? It's been around six hours since I've seen you last and it's driving me crazy…\" I blushed. It's been three years and his little comments like this still excited me. We parted the phone call and I changed quickly, scraping on a little makeup. I grabbed my bag and quietly descended the long staircase. I held my breath as I spotted my father asleep in his oversized Lazy Boy chair. I opened the door with more precision than a snake could muster. I got to the Campbell's house while the sun began to set. They no longer had me knock, but I still felt odd walking into their house, uninvited. Stepping through the threshold, I was greeted by a cluster of \"hellos\" and \"how's it going?\" Matt followed Wendy out of her room and winked as Sarah asked me about dinner and if a certain sauce tasted correct. She was discussing the fact that she had gotten my grandmother to wire her the recipe and she wanted to make sure it was right because the last time she had it was at my brother, Boone's birthday two years ago. As I looked up at Matt every so often, there was a presence behind him. The same one that I had been battling with for most of his life. The Red Woman was Matt's haunter. She terrified the hell out of me, in all honesty, and I was pretty sure she knew about it too. Her eyes were like glowing pits when she was angry but soft and curious when I didn't intrude or push her away. Her hair stood was pinned back into a tight bun. Matt and I called her the Red Woman because she always wore red. I thought she was a reaper when I first saw her. Matt had turned thirteen and she latched onto him but never drew energy from him. We both battled over Matt's protection. She was one of the distant kind of haunters. She was stay behind him or in another part of the room and would whisper. Matt can sometimes feel her presence, he'll get a cold chill or something and look behind his back, but he has never seen her. \"She puts brown sugar in it, but never tells anyone about it,\" I whispered, snapping out of my trance. \"Try that.\" She nodded and began to speak to Wendy about Peter. Matt grabbed my hand and we strode away from the group, up to his room. He plopped down on his bed and I followed suit as he wrapped his arms around me and buried his face in my hair. \"I missed you,\" he mumbled against my neck. \"How was your day? You know what I've been up to.\" I sighed. \"Boring and banal.\" He chuckled in response. \"I brought the book.\" \"Good, read it to me,\" his tone of voice was mellow and tiresome. I knew it had to have been from his round of tests yesterday. Getting confirmation to begin this experimental treatment in Connecticut was taking more out of him than chemo had. The Red Woman stood outside the door, but I granted her no entrance into the room. It was my time to look after him, and she knew it too. I flipped through the book, looking for the small dog-eared page he had marked last time. \"Weren't we on like chapter seven?\" He hummed in response. I cleared my throat and began reading as his gripped tightened around me. \" He put the inside of his right wrist against his forehead and pulled it away with a wince, the way you pull your hand off a hot stove. Burning up, all right, and full of tubes. Two small clear plastic ones were coming out of his nose. Another one snaked out from under the hospital sheet to a bottle on the floor, and he surely knew where the other end of that one was connected. Two bottles hung suspended from a rack beside the bed, a tube coming from each one and then joining to make a Y that ended by going into his arm just' below the elbow. An IV feed…\" As I read, we slowly moved about the room. I sat against the wall and he laid his head in my lap at one point. During another bracket of time, he stretched across the width of the bed and I used his stomach as a pillow. His hand ran through my hair, sending chills down my body as he listened closely to me. His other was laced around my fingers as his thumb rubbed against the back of my hand. \" The bed was a single, but there were two pillows on it. He could smell frying bacon. He sat up, looked out the windows at another gray New York day, and his first thought was that they had done something horrible to Berkeley overnight: turned it dirty and sooty, had aged it. Then last night began coming back and he realized he was looking at Fordham, not Berkeley. He was in a second-floor flat on Tremont Avenue, not far from the Concourse, and his mother was going to wonder where he had been last night. Had he called her, given her any kind of excuse, no matter how thin? He swung his legs out of bed and found-\" \"Grayce,\" he stopped me. \"Will you tell me about prom night?\" I furrowed my brows and put the book down. \"What do you mean?\" I questioned, looking over to him, but he continued to stare at the ceiling of small glowing stars ready to come to life when he shut off the table lamp. \"I remember that night differently and, we've started doing this like, you know, like,\" he took a breath like he was trying to choose his words carefully. \"Like, we tell our sides of the memory and it kinda makes a whole, and I wanna talk about your prom night. I feel bad you left the dance…\" He sighed. \"Don't beat yourself up.\" I moved to lie next to him and he turned his head to me. \"So, where do you want me to start?\" He thought for a moment, squinting at the ceiling. \"When he asked you.\" \"Well, okay. It was at one of the tutoring sessions that I had with Elton and he just all of the sudden asked me. So, I told him that I was hanging out with you but he told me that he had cleared it with you first.\" \"Yeah, I'm not sure how he got my number, but I remember that…\" \"Yeah, but I didn't know of that so after I asked you, you seemed so excited for me to go, even though I didn't want to - like at all.\" I turned my head to face him and swallowed. The corners of his mouth turned up slightly. \"And I told him yes, bought a dress, and he picked me up at seven.\" He turned to me again with a look on his face that I had only seen a few times before. It was like a mixture of knowing and disappointment with a swirl of a child's face when the adult got to their favorite part of the story. \"And the drive there was super awkward and we put one foot in the door and Elton looked at me and said, \" Let's go.\" It didn't matter how much I protested and how poorly I felt, but we got back in the car and he drove us to the hospital.\" Matt rolled his eyes with a small smile. \"So, here I am, haggling with the receptionist - who's first day was that day - trying to go see you with Elton's help. Then this other nurse comes out and it was Nurse Jamey and he was like \" These kids are with me\". Then there's the montage, like in the movies, of me walking through the halls in a prom dress with Elton tagging along. And you were in the middle of breaking sessions with this guy in his thirties, I think his name was David, and the look on your face was priceless.\" We both began to laugh at the memory. He wrapped an arm around my shoulders and I snuggled into his side. \"You laughed at me and shook hands with Elton and then Sarah was taking pictures of us. And you had the corsage pinned on your hoodie. And we spent the rest of the chemo night together watching Robot Chicken reruns.\" He was still holding back laughs from before. \"I felt so bad for stealing Elton's date and you missing prom night,\" he continued. \"Seriously, though, Elton had the whole dance. He went back and hooked up with like half our graduating class. He had the time of his life,\" I reasoned. \"and so did I.\" He leaned closer to me and kissed my lips shortly. \"Are you staying for dinner?\" He asked, breaking the moment of silence between us. I looked at my wrist watch and frowned. \"I don't know. I need to get home before Frank wakes up.\" His head fell back against the bed in a distraught manner. \"Frank can kiss my ass.\" I laughed at this. \"Oh, so that's what he's been busy with these past few years?\" I joked. He covered my mouth with a chuckle. \"You're awful,\" he shot with a grin, removing his hand. \"You started it.\" \"DINNER'S READY!\" Sarah called from the bottom of the stairs. Matt leaned up on one of his arms, rolling over me slightly to yell a response to his mom. He looked down and kissed me, briefly again. I brushed his hair out of his face as he looked down at me with a smile. \"I'm in love with you.\" I snickered, letting out a small, \"Are you now?\" \"NO BABIES, MATT!\" Billy yelled this time, sending us both into a laughing fit. We walked down the heavy steps and I was immediately badgered by the family to stay. \"We have important news and you need to stay.\" Sarah looked down at her watch as she spoke. \"Hasn't Frank already left for work?\" \"No, he has the eight shift. What's the news?\" Mary shoved me into the dinner line before I got an answer. After we were all seated and eating with loud conversations coming from all corners of the table, Sarah shared a look with Peter and they set down their utensils. Everyone was silent as they looked at the couple perplexedly. The only remaining sounds were the awkward breaths coming from Billy as he tried to breath louder than Mary. \"So, yesterday, Matt found out he could get treatment in Connecticut. Peter and I have been talking and,\" she held her breath slightly like we were on a game show, waiting for our prize. \"we're moving to Connecticut.\" Peter smiled slightly, I could sense he wasn't so keen on the idea. Wendy and the kids seemed pretty excited but I felt as if the air had been knocked out of my lungs. \"It's not forever, just until Matt… gets done with his treatment,\" Peter added. Matt moved his hand to rest above my knee, knowing what was going on in my mind. He's Leaving. Matt tensed next to me and we shared a look. The rest of dinner was buzzing with the kind of house everyone wanted to live in, but Matt and I were silent. I found that I began to force feed myself because I had lost my appetite. My stomach was on edge and would flip every other minute. I was embarrassed thinking that Matt and I would be together forever. Or the fact that I had to figure out what I wanted to do with my life after they left. What if they loved Connecticut and chose to stay? Would I get back in touch with the Spades? Who would I talk about my sightings too? I helped Sarah with the dishes after dinner. My mind was lost in thought and despite me being rude for not talking, I couldn't keep a train of thought running in one direction for more than a few minutes. I began drying dishes as she washed them. \"You didn't really think we forgot about you right?\" Sarah spoke first, not looking up at me but smiling down at the soapy water. I furrowed my brows at her. What was she getting at? \"You've known Matt since elementary school and you guys have been dating for a long time. I mean, really, you even wear the promise ring. I didn't want to say anything in front of everyone, but Peter and I have been talking to Frank and Boone, and, since you help so much with the kids and Matt, we've gotten permission to take you with us.\" My mouth gaped slightly in shock, waiting for her to laugh like she was joking. This was a scene straight out of an awful romance movie. \"Plus, I need you to come house hunting with me so I don't get something crazy haunted or whatever.\" \"Hmm?\" It was like I was in a phase of confusion. What just happened? \"You're moving to Connecticut with us if you would like we would love to have you.\" She smiled at me this time. \"I don't want to impose. I already know how much you have to-\" \"Stop it. You're coming with us.\" I went home that night with a smile on my face. With Matt's crappy mixtape in the air, I felt a sense of relief. Matt was getting help and it seemed like Sarah was at ease. Plus, I didn't have to be away from Matt until school started back up again. I stepped through the threshold and threw my keys on the table next to the door. Frank stepped out from behind the wall of the kitchen with a sandwich in his hand and nodded his head slightly at me. He was already in his dark blue jumpsuit that was unbuttoned, revealing his white t-shirt. \"I figured you would have been gone by now?\" I said, taking a seat at the buffet, looking into the kitchen. \"Nah, I got a call from the Campell's earlier that I wanted to talk to you about and you left before I could say anything.\" \"But I was here all day?\" \"Don't undermine me, child,\" he barked jokingly. \"Now, I think it's chill that you're gonna go live with your boyfriend and his family for a couple months, I mean, like aren't you guys already married?\" \"Don't be a dick.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Well, usually a chick gets your initials tattooed after you're married…\" His sentences lifted at the end like he was making a point. He rose an eyebrow at me and turn his back to continue flipping whatever was on the stove. \"Are you making fun of me?\" \"Don't interrupt.\" I shut my mouth and shot him a glare. \"But, if your mom comes around looking for you, I legally have to tell her where you are. And she might not be that happy about it. Who knows where Boone is, so he might come looking for you also. I'm just saying, be careful and watch your back. If you're in Connecticut, I can't do that for you.\" I now was able to see that he was making a grilled cheese, sending me back to when I was six, sitting on the same barstool and leaning over the counter watching him make my favorite food at the time. He didn't look as old as he does now, but not much else has changed. He was barely in his mid-twenties then. I felt an odd knot twist in my stomach. He reached into the fridge and pulled out a tomato. \"I'll keep the banshee off your back if you call me when you have a freaky sighting,\" he reconned. He set a plate in front of me and leaned on the counter. \"I'm not hungry,\" I mumbled, pushing the plate towards him. He pushed it back. \"Yeah you are.\" He sighed as I bit into it. He was right. I could barely eat at the Campell's. \"I'm gonna miss you, kiddo.\" He frowned slightly. His dark hair hung over his forehead slightly. \"So, you still can't find Boone?\" I roughly changed the topic, not wanting to break down in front of a man I respected so highly. \"Uh no. Last time I talked to him, he was in Jersey.\" He sat in the living room and began lacing up his heavy boots, so I turned in my chair to face him. \"That Red Woman still climbing up Matt's tree?\" \"I noticed there was something off about her today… Like she was making different facial expressions and I don't know. She just seemed weird..\" Frank furrowed his brows.[Chapter 3] Sarah and I dropped Matt off at chemo and began the treacherous house-hunt again. It had been a little over a week since it was decided that everyone was moving. Sarah and I had already looked at eight different houses before this trip and they just didn't seem like they fit the family. Sarah was growing desperate. We pulled up to a drive with a man hammering a sign in at the end. Sarah opened the door and caught the man's attention. \"I don't wanna waste your time, but how much are you asking?\" She sounded tired and determined. \"I'll give you the first month free if I don't have to hammer in the rest of this sign.\" We pulled up closer to the house after he agreed to let us check it out. When I set foot on the ground, something radiated from me. There were short flashes of a boy and man fighting in the yard and then groups of people entering the house. But they were short flashes like someone was changing the channel on a television. I felt a cloud of pain wavering near me. The man led us inside and I struggled to touch the walls or banisters. He was talking about the house and Sarah told me to go look around, but in reality she wanted me to do a reading. I trailed my hand along the stair railing and could no longer hear Sarah and the man. I became surrounded by a tint of warm coloring like I was stepping into an old movie. Classical music swarmed above me, coming from a room down the hall of the upper level. As I made my way there, I now heard the singing accompanying the delicate symphony. I recognized it as Mozart's Serenade No. 9 from when we had to take music appreciation class in the ninth grade. The walls were a yellow hue in the room and on one section, a tree and birds were painted. The furniture was mainly white and all matched accordingly. In one corner, four bird cages were strategically placed next to a window. The sunlight poured between the bars of the cages, catching the light on the feathers of white, black, and blue birds. \"Magpies are loyal birds, you know.\" I was startled by the voice again. My eyes shot to a vanity, white like the bed frame and dresser. A woman sat powdering her face as she looked into the oversized mirror. Her hair was braided and wrapped around her head. Her dress was a layered garment of all types of lace and embroidery. \"There's an old wive's tale about them pecking out the eyes of their leader's enemy to gain trust.\" My breathing became more rigid and I found myself almost suffocating in her presence. I leaned against the opened door of the room, my eyes glued to her, gasping for air. My throat burned and I felt my lungs aching to burst. She turned to me with a smile, that's when I noticed the large cut across her throat. I slumped onto the ground as she faded away as if someone swiped their hand through thick, acrylic paint that wasn't yet dry. A boy stormed into the room as I regained my head. He began riffling through a nightstand. The room was now a stormy tint and the tree of birds was slightly faded. He was definitely Matt's age and dressed in tattered looking clothes. His bright green eyes scanned the room, landing on me. I felt a pain in my chest again and an overwhelming amount of fear pulsing through my veins. The smell of burning flesh filled my nostrils and he narrowed his eyes at me in unease. With a flash, he was gone. I was alone in the room, still sitting on the hardwood floor against the paint chipped entrance. I stood up, brushing myself off and collecting my emotions before continuing to explore. I traveled down the steps again and felt the pull towards the basement. A strong stench of formaldehyde and ash circulated in the air. I was startled by the odd part of the room that was sectioned off by wooden frames and large glass windows. I felt whispering around me, begging me to stay away. I stopped in the middle of the room, rubbing my sweater-covered arms to generate heat against the escalating draft. The walls began to stretch and show signs of struggling on the other end as if something was trapped beneath the wallpaper. I looked to my feet that were being surrounded by a warm, red liquid swelling in from every direction. The metallic smell of blood seemed to struggle against the chemical stench of formaldehyde. I felt sick and on a deserted island with the water being blood. The room around me grew darker and flames protruded from the base of the wall, climbing to the ceiling. I did not scream, I had learned not to do so. But the feeling of fear trampled my insides again as the room went to flames. The eerie sense of it all was that everything was silent. There was no screaming, ripping, popping, nothing, but dead silence. Until Serenade No. 9 fled the room slowly. \"Grey?\" It was like someone had turned on the lights and broken me out of hell when Sarah's voice echoed off the walls. I was just in the middle of the basement. Everything was how it had been. After responding to her, I glanced at the doors once more before wandering back up the steps. Sarah thanked the man and we climbed into the car. \"So, how was it?\" She asked, tapping her thumbs against the steering wheel. \"You can't buy that house…\" I mumbled, thinking about Billy and Mary, even Matt. She furrowed her brows slightly at me and I bit the inside of my cheek. \"Why not? It's our price, it's absolutely gorgeous, it's close to the hospital… The only issue is that it's… It was…\" \"A funeral home?\" I questioned, remembering the doors and formaldehyde smell. Usually, when there are people behind the wallpaper, it symbolizes that they were trapped there. \"Yeah.\" She sighed and leaned her head back. \"How bad is it?\" \"Let's just say, it wasn't a place where happy things occurred… I think there was a fire actually or maybe it was a downfall of some kind, I'm not very good at deciphering what happens. And how old did the guy say the house was?\" I would have to be home earlier than I had planned so I could catch Frank. He would know what was happening. Sarah thought for a moment. She looked indecisive. \"Uh, I think he said late eighteen-hundreds?\" Her lips pursed into a tight line. \"What do you think it would be like if we did live there?\" \"We'd have to get used to entities tampering with our lives. I'm advising you to not get that house. It's too dangerous.\" I felt like we were being watched as this decision was being dissolved in Sarah's head. I was tempted to whisper. She nodded. \"You're right. It was too good to be true anyway. Peter wouldn't settle for it.\" She let out a tired laugh. Frank sat calmly as I told him everything I had witnessed. I wouldn't have bothered looking for a reasoning, but Sarah was considering renting it and I would be lying if I didn't say there was something compelling about the house. I knew that none of them were guarded enough to withstand what would happen in that house. \"Fire and blood can mean many things. Like, it could be demonic, there could have actually been a fire, maybe there was some kind of downfall like with the family that lived there before. It can mean a lot of things. I think that if she does end up getting the house, you should do some more research on it.\" I sighed and ran a hand through my hair, destroying some of the curls on one side. \"But there are kids and Matt. They are so susceptible to possession or worse. I don't want them to be at risk in their own homes and I don't want something bad happening to them,\" my voice shook with worry as I spoke. \"They have enough to worry about.\" \"Sarah still has tons of options to shoot down, I think you're stressing for nothing.\" He was running a comb through his hair and gelling down the sides. I ran my finger along the embroidery on his duvet cover, thinking of the strange woman in the house. \"Yeah, I guess you're right,\" I responded quietly. \"How's the treatment going?\" \"Um, pretty good. It's a lot different than the chemo, but he's not nauseous anymore and he won't lose his hair again. He's got this really bad like body aches. And it's terrible because there's really nothing you can do for him. Plus, the radiation is killing his skin. It looks like he's got a sunburn on his shoulders and down his neck…\" I frowned slightly. \"That's too bad. Guess you can't hang all over him anymore?\" Frank joked, an attempt to lighten my damp mood. \"We manage,\" I answered with a small smirk, earning a light chuckle from him. I sat beside Sarah in the waiting room. We were splitting a pack of Snowballs from the vending machine down the hall and then discussing how much we had regretted doing so. I had begun flipping through a children's book while she looked at the house listing ads in the newspaper. \"I'm going to see how things happen in Connecticut, like once we get settled and everything, but I'm going to work on getting a job,\" Sarah mumbled to me. \"That's great!\" \"I just thought that since Wendy has the kids, and you have Matt, maybe I could find something part time so I could still help around the house, but a few extra bucks wouldn't hurt.\" She shrugged while circling something on the paper. Our conversation was cut short when a nurse brought Matt out in a wheelchair. I helped him into the car as Sarah stayed behind to talk to one of the doctors. I got into the seat next to him. He was so quiet and partly wincing at every breath wracking through his body. \"Hey, how are you feeling?\" I asked, pushing his hair off his forehead. He turned to me with bigger eyes and a frown. \"I've been better…\" he mumbled, biting his lip with a small chuckle and shooting his head forward with a wince. I sat closer to him and he instantly leaned on me as I wrapped an arm around his back. He clung onto my knee with one hand. \"I'm so sorry, Matty,\" I whispered into his hair. I couldn't see him that well anymore because of the darkness outside once Sarah pulled away. The drive was pitiful and rocky, shaking Matt around when he needed to be still. He clutched my sweater and grunted every once in awhile as the car bounced around. Sarah made eye contact with me in the rearview mirror. \"The doctor said you would have some body aches…\" Matt leaned back against me with a laugh. \"So, the doctor walks into the room and the patient says, 'Well?' The doctor answers, 'Well, you have cancer, and Alzheimer's.' The patient lets out a sigh of relief, 'Ahh, at least I don't have cancer',\" Matt snickered to himself and I rolled my eyes with a smile. \"You're terrible.\" A tear fell from Matt's eye as he was shaken again, holding on to me for dear life, it seemed. \"That's it,\" Sarah grumbled, turning the car around. We pulled up to the large house that used to occupy as the funeral home of the town. My stomach ached getting out of the car, but I couldn't argue or even think against it. Matt needed rest and if this was how it had to happen, I wasn't complaining. Sarah and the man walked in front of Matt and I up the steps. She was thanking him because of how late it was and how short notice this all came about. He graciously gave us a mattress and a few sleeping bags. Matt gingerly laid on the bed, pulling me next to him and wrapping his arms around my shoulders and torso. I laughed slightly. \"I have to help your mom,\" I reasoned, pulling away from him, only to result in Matt pulling me closer. \"She's fine. I need you to help me,\" he stated promptly. I laughed and rolled my eyes. We both stared at the TV, not really caring what was on. As Matt leaned forward and shut it off, I noticed a figure standing in the doorway, blocking the light from the other room. I rolled over to face Matt, wrapping my arm around his waist, looking at the figure, then onto Matt's face. The way his eyelashes casted shadows on his cheeks from the other light made him look so much younger. The glow gave the aura that he was healthier. His soft snoring made me want to laugh. He could always fall asleep so easily and it made him seem almost innocent. \"I love you,\" I whispered to him so faintly, I myself could barely hear above the settling house, but the love is sincere. ","Summary":" \" One fine day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight. Back to back they faced "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Memory","Author":"sydney100757","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7344751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hello readers this is my first HiC story and my first horror story much less so go easy on me please. And please only constructive criticism no flaming. Oh it's also my first story from third person point of view so if I use he she him her too much I will get better at it. So onto the story….. Chapter 1 into the bowl 1987 \"Your name is Hazel Dove?\" \"No my name is the creepy old hag who lives down the rode from the freshly burnt down house you're trying to get a story on.\" sarcasm dripped of every word Hazel said \"and my surname is pronounced dove like diving but different \" the eighty-six year old said almost bored looking out the door way past the reporter. The burnt down house still smoldered which was odd considering it was noon and the fire started about two this morning. The reporter recoiled a little at her words but being the professional workaholic female reporter she was the microphone held its place by Hazel's mouth wanting to get the story. \"Did you see the house burn down?\" the reporter asked as if it was the biggest question in the world that would solve hunger, drought, and maybe even world peace. Hazel just stared out the window at the used to be house, but the reporter was persistent in her work and moved the microphone closer. Hazel leaned against the door frame as her legs felt a little weak. Her gray hair was half pulled back in a ponytail as the back half fell straight down just past her shoulder blades. She looked like a witch. Her scratchy old voice didn't help in the matter. The children on the street even avoided her house because she almost never came out of it, and she looked scary to them. They always thought she was in there cooking the children that came close enough for her to grab. \"I saw the smoke, but I didn't feel like joining the rest of the street in watching a fire.\" Hazel sighed not wanting to deal with the reporter \"Please leave me alone and get your story from someone else\" Hazel slammed the door in her face and locked it in hopes they would leave her and her solitude alone. Hazel sighed and turned not wanting to look at the smoke or reporters from random news stations. Everything was in place and things needed to be done quickly. She went into the heart of her little home and grabbed a plastic bag from the linen closet. In the bag was another bag. Hazel opened it with slightly shaky hands. Out came an old thin black and red checkered blanket and a silver pocket watch. Hazel took them both. Hazel walked to her back door and out into her back lawn. The grass was over grown since she almost never went out in the woods that lay directly behind the house. The last time Hazel Dove had set foot in the backyard was when she was sixteen, but that was a long time ago. A time when things were bleak although there was always hope, but that hoped died with the boy who had the sky in his eyes. Hazels hope was no more and all she wanted was for god to take her. Hazel started into the woods on a mission that could not be failed. After walking for a while she came up to the bleeding heart bush that marked the start of the bowl, and picked a strand of the flowers in bloom. She walked up to the steep slope. Hazel sat and slid down knowing if s tried to slide down on her feet she would fall and break a hip. She stood as she reached the bottom. The large pond sat in the middle of the bowl it was deep and the water was clear and clean. Hazel put the blanket down right next to the water. The woods were silent like there was a storm about to come. Even the trees didn't make a sound as the wind moved the leafs on the branches. Hazel sat on the old thin blanket and pulled out the silver pocket watch with a dead tree embedded on its cover. She opened it gently. The watch still worked Hazel made sure it worked. She would often take it in to get it repaired or cleaned. The watch was now set on the left side of the blanket, And the string of bleeding hearts were on the right side. Hazel leaned over to look in the pond. Her reflection stared back at her old and frail. Weak fingers came up to poke the surface of the clear water. The ripples distorted her image and spread out over the pond making the old woman feel dread. 1926 A younger much prettier Hazel Dove walked down the plain white school hallway fallowing a young woman around the age of twenty-five. Miss. Anderson was a new teacher and Hazel a new student. So the teacher took pity on the girl who came to a new school in the middle of a school year much less in the middle of a school day. She felt bad that the girl seemed timid and shy and walked around the school half of the class day because she was too scared to ask a teacher where her class was. They stopped in front of classroom 123. Hazel just stood there quietly in her white dress every once in a while she would fidget with the white bow tying her light brown shoulder length hair in a ponytail. Mrs. Anderson opened the door for the young girl and almost jumped as she saw a young boy about the age of fourteen getting hit in the back with a cane. The boy got sent back to his seat by the ever so strict Mrs. White. \"Mr. Johnson have your homework done for tomorrow or it will be fifty hits instead of twenty.\" Mrs. White said firmly. The class had kids ranging from fourteen to eighteen. \"Mrs. White this it Hazel Dove. She is new to the school and town.\" Miss. Anderson said and smiled sweetly. Mrs. White was anything but sweet. She was a fifty year old with short white curly hair and a slightly cubby build. She eyed hazel up and down as Miss. Anderson left. \"Go sit by Jonah over there\" Mrs. White pointed to the boy in the middle of the classroom with black hair \"and don't you dare say you don't want to sit next to the crazy kid who talks to dead people\" she said firmly. Hazel just realized that there was a ring of empty desks around him. She sat in the one to his right. Hazel looked at the boy named Jonah. He was now a light shade of pink from being embarrassed at the teachers last comment. Hazel spent the rest of the class period listening to the teachers lecture and fiddling with her pencil. After class she walked home hoping to explore around the house a bit. Her parents were born rich but liked to work and be slightly cheep. So they only had a small one level white house to live in. It was a bit too cramped for Hazel but she never complained. Her parents were always busy at work and rarely came home sometimes they would even sleep at the candy shop they owned in the spare room waiting for candy to get done cooking. Hazel walked around the house to get to the woods behind her new house. She walked into them for a while. Some of the trees already were turning orange and red. A small bush marked the start of a steep slope. Hazel crouched by the edge of the slope and slid down on her feet. She walked around the large pond at the bottom of the slope looking into the water. She could see pan fish swimming around in the clear water. Hazel turned on her feet. She screamed and recoiled as the other person jumped back startled and fell into the water.[Chapter 2] AN: sorry it's been so long I was waiting for the 1920's chapter in history class. I think this chapter is shorter then the last one, but I wanted to get it out. I also tried to give first person POV a try at the end. Chapter 2: Awkward Hazel ran up to the edge the pond to see who had fallen in. She jumped back as a boy's upper body popped out of the water making a large splash. His dark brown hair fell in front of his face covering his eyes as he coughed. Hazel noticed that it was the boy from her class. She couldn't remember what had said his name was. It just wouldn't come up in Hazel's brain. Joseph? No maybe it was Joe? She looked at the boy whom was now rising from the water. Defiantly not a Joe and not a one syllable name. Jonahthan? No but it was closer. Then she had it. \"Jo-Jonah are you ok?\" Hazel's voice shook from her natural shyness when it came to people. Jonah stepped out of the pond as Hazel noticed how the bottom sloped gently into the middle where it evened out into chest high water. \"I'm fine.\" he said a little awkwardly. Hazel thought Jonahs voice sounded like a kicked puppy dog. A cold wind blew while trees shook making the leaves crackled around them. Hazel had just become aware of how cold it was outside as her lose ponytail shifted from her back to her shoulder as Jonah shivered. \"Do you want to come back to my house to get dry and eat supper with me? My parents aren't home and always make me too much to eat alone.\" That was probably the most Hazel had ever said to someone who wasn't her parents. There was a short pause as Hazel's nervousness rose. What if he didn't like her or thought she was a freak. \"I wouldn't want to impose\" Jonah said with a sound of surprise. \"You wouldn't be imposing, I invited you after all\" Hazel smiled. \"Then I would like to join you for dinner\", Jonah gave a slight smile and showed her an easy way to get up the steep hill by putting her feet in front of small trees leading up it, and holding a group of vines that had grown around each other and wove in between the trees. Once Hazel and Jonah got into the house she told him to wait at the door while she ran off to find a towel. Hazel rummaged through the hallway closet moving the black and red checkered blanket her mom bought out of the way and grabbed the darkest towel she could find pushing the blanket back. \"Dry off with this\" Hazel tossed him the towel. Jonah attempted to dry off his hair as well as his clothes. This was an attempt in vain as his clothes were still damp and uncomfortable. \"I should go home and change. Is it ok if I come back in thirty minutes?\" Jonah said quietly. \"That sounds good. Dinner should be done at that point anyway\" Hazel smiled. Jonah turned and walked out of the house and went down the road until he crossed the street to his yard. Hazel watched him so she could figure out where he lived. The trees outside blew in a cold autumn wind. Halloween was just a week away, but it already felt like November. Hazel went into the kitchen to check the stew. She got a fork and took a bite, it was perfect. The beef was tender and full of flavors from the potatoes, carrots, and celery her mom had thrown in this morning. Hazel was bored so she dusted for the next fifteen minutes trying to pass time. After that she set her family's four person square oak table with two bowls, two forks, and she cut four slices of bread feeling happy that she wouldn't be dining alone. She put the bread on a plate. Hazel jumped as her doorbell rang. She turned on the radio as she passed it. The volume was on low but the news could be heard through out the living room. She smiled and let Jonah in. He had on a new pair of pants as well as an under shirt and new jacket. \"I hope im not being a bother to you\" Jonah paused about to add something to his sentence but thought better of it. Hazel giggled. \"I was about to say the say that. Dinners done so we could eat now or talk in the living room for awhile\" Hazel said trying not to do something wrong. Jonah could pick up on Hazel's nervousness, but he was pondering why she was nervous. His thought process lead to she did not like me or maybe she found out why the rest of the class hated me. Jonah had learned to exspect the worst. His stepfather made sure of it. \" Food sounds good\" Jonah had gotten quieter so he wouldn't offend her by being too bold. Hazel however thought she had done something wrong. Dear reader let me tell you something. This awkward pair your reading about will soon become very important to each other, and after their quiet dinner one question asked by Hazel to brake the silence would change their fate forever. \"Would you like your palm read?\"[Chapter 3] AN: its been a while and i have no excuse. I will try to update more often, but it's not really fun to force yourself to write if you don't feel like writing. I notice that in the first chapter i made Jonah have black hair and in the second one i said dark brown. It's mostly because i watched the movie again in between those chapters. I'm sorry if the grammar is bad or spelling i try my best and i'm writing on notepad and some times it will make the format or words i don't write for a while you can pm me and it will actually get me really happy and want to write more. Also for this to be a bit easier i'm going to reply to some reviews in the of it... ZeldaNut1: You can read palms without being clairvoyant you just have to know what the lines mean. you um.. it.. it's not that...um *tries to not give it away in the AN* Just read and you will find you aren't far off. Chapter 3:Taffy and snooping Jonah hesitantly put out his hand palm up. Hazel pushed the bowls out of the way and took Jonah's hand lightly. She frowned slightly. You re going to have a short life because your life line ends at the base of your thumb. This cross in the middle of your palm means your good hearted. This line by your index finger means you re generally quiet, Hazel paused and smiled your general palm shape is water. It means you re very artistic, once again she paused you have a gift of some sort that you were born with. She thought for a moment. I m going to assume you re a medium. Jonah looked up at her. How did you know that? he asked surprised. Um, Hazel scratched the back of her head and smiled awkwardly Mrs. White said something about you talking to dead people, and like I said you have a gift of some sort. Jonah tilted his head a little with a confused look on his face. Your little finger is crooked meaning you have a natural born gift she explained in more detail. Jonah looked at her hand for comparison, but something was odd. Is your crooked too? Jonah looked up at her. Hazel withdrew her hands carefully and quickly putting them on her lap under the table. She felt uncomfortable and didn t know what to tell him. Um ya, Hazel gave a heavy sigh I just don t know what it is yet. The awkwardness in the room could have been cut with a knife. I m a horrible host. It s ok. I am too. said Jonah softly. He never understood how to act around boys because his father died when he was a baby, but his mother always had woman coming over. Jonah knew how to act around them. Women never liked to be belittled or spoken to in a way that made them inferior. This made Jonah soft spoken and gentle. So soft spoken and gentle it was easy to overpower with yelling, or force if you re Ramsey Aickman. Well at least I fed you. Yeah it was good thanks I, Jonah paused as he saw the lights go on in his house and took out a small silver pocket watch with a tree carved on it I better go,my step father just got home to Hazel he sounded sad maybe a little scared, but she didn t feel it was her place to ask what was wrong. She walked him to the door and smiled. I ll see you at school tomorrow. Yeah he smiled and left. She closed the door in thought wondering if he thought she was weird. Then she remembered what she was going to ask. She opened the door and Jonah had only gotten part way to the street. Hey! he turned and looked at her a bit confused what were you doing by the pond? Jonah scratched his head thinking. I was looking for my sketchbook I ll keep an eye out for it Hazel waved goodbye. Jonah turned and waved as well. Hazel turned on her heel and went to clean the kitchen. She spoke quietly to herself maybe moving here wasn t the worse choice.\" Hazel has had some weird dreams but this one was odd. There was a small white dove eating small seeds off the sidewalk. It was joined by a nightingale. They ate there for a while chirping back and forth. After the meal they preened each other; fixing feathers and cleaning, but that wasn t the weird part. In the tree above them a raven sat, and it had cloudy white eyes. As the raven cawed Hazel woke up. The trip to school wasn t too bad because it was only three blocks away. The candy shop was only two blocks away. Since there was an hour left until school started Hazel figured visiting her parents would be nice. It was a small square building stuffed between two slightly bigger buildings with small alleys on each side. The brown wooden words candy shop on top of it. Hazel took the side alley to the back alley behind the building. She knocked in a six pattern rhythm. Her mother opened the door holding a large mixing bowl. Mary Dove was probably one of the most fashionably dressed adults in town. Mary wore a black dress that went just below the knee, white pumps, and a pair of white gloves that were currently tucked into the thick strap of her dress so she could cook. Her slightly wavy black hair fell to her mid cheek. Hey sweetie, are you on your way to school? Mary said in a light soprano voice come in I ll give you some taffy Thanks mom Your fathers in the study on your left Mary went back to mixing a clear substance in the bowl. The study was a small rectangular room off the kitchen. It held a queen size bed and a wooden desk up against the right wall. A green lamp gave off dim light in the dark windowless room. Her father sat at the desk reading the newspaper. Hazel walked up behind him reading the paper over his shoulder. She narrowed her eyes and pointed to the boy in the picture on the page. I met that boy yesterday, Hazel smiled he s really nice and ate dinner with me I m glad you found a friend. Did he tell you he was a medium; it s what this article is about I read his palm, but I don t think he likes to talk about it. People avoid him in class. she kissed his temple and walked into the store mom threw her two pieces of taffy as she walked out of the store and flipped the stores sign to open. Hazel got to class ten minutes before everyone else. The other students slowly filed in. Class started with math, and transitioned into science. Hazel did not like science. The teacher spent the whole hour talking about how God created the earth, and evolution was a theory the Devil made. She was rather sick of it being shoved down her throat. She already knew that God made the parents went to church every Sunday. told the class that a reading project with partners was going to replace history and last the whole school year, but before any more information was given it was lunch kids flowed out of the classrooms like salmon jumping up a stream. Hazel stood and walked out slowly seeing no reason to rush out. Students were given one hour to eat and most went home to eat, and Hazel did just ate a ham and cheese sandwich and a lonely orange that sat on the table. After that she had roughly thirty minutes so looking for Jonah's sketchbook seemed like a good idea. After fifteen minutes Hazel found a brown book with a leather strap. The book held fairly good drawings. Most were in pencil, but a few were charcoal drawings. They were pictures of people. She could tell a few were ghosts by how transparent they signature at the bottom was a J intertwined with an A. It looked like the right book to got to blank pages as she walked up the hill and skimmed through them. There was a gruesome drawing on the back page. Near the bottom of the page there was a middle aged women laying on the floor in a puddle of her own blood due to a bullet wound in her forehead. If that wasn't disturbing enough a child could be seen behind the women, but only its legs because the upper body went off soon as she got to the top of the hill a light voice made her flinch. \"It's not polite to look through peoples things\" ","Summary":" AN: Hello readers this is my first HiC story and my first horror story much less so go easy on me p"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Welcome to Lennox House","Author":"Aria DiLaurentis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10944426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I tried to escape and I failed. I did manage to get to someone else, but I lost three of my friends in the process. Now, I sat in the room, waiting for it to happen. I was prepared for it to happen. However before it did, I heard screaming. It was a man, Blue Jones, the owner and murderer to be exact. He was being dragged away by the cops. I couldn't help but wonder what was going to happen. I looked at the doctor, who seemed to be talking to Madam Gorski. I couldn't hear what they were talking about. The place that I was in was like no other. Never once had I seen a mental ward that was also a brothel. Yes, they dressed us in clothing that was little more than underwear and let us dance. I liked to imagine myself in other places while I was doing it. It wasn't so bad. If I got to keep my brain, I wouldn't mind the life. I didn't really know any of the other girls, but I could probably learn their names. I just knew that I would be in a room by myself. Yes, it was a reminder of what happened, but it was my fault to begin with. \"Babydoll!\" Madam Gorski called me. \"It's time for dance rehearsal.\" \"What?\" I asked. \"What about…?\" \"Your operation has been canceled and with Blue out of the picture, we can go back to running things.\" She explained. It looked like I wasn't getting out. I changed out of my hospital gown and my dance outfit. I supposed being the best dancer in the club wasn't that bad. I couldn't help but wonder how something like this was legal, but if the mayor knew about it, and frequented, he probably didn't want it shut down. I found out that there were more female clients than I thought there was. I don't know how she knew that I preferred women. I had only had a bit of a crush on Rocket and she died before we could actually do anything. Since Sweet Pea's escape, I found that my fantasy world seemed to be disappearing. Perhaps my mission all along was to get Sweet Pea out and to take her place. The months passed and I became the go-to girl for anyone with secret lesbian fantasies. One of such women was the mayor's wife. I supposed that made sense since he was a frequent patron himself. Their entire marriage was just for show. I wouldn't be surprised if I found that it was just so he could win the election because everyone knows married politicians have a better chance of winning. I found out that some of the girls actually did get out, but since I had no family that I could trust, I was staying put. It was basically my home. I didn't want to leave because there wasn't much point. Other than Sweet Pea, I didn't have anyone who cared about me and I had no idea where she was. As for my real name, it really wasn't important. I was Babydoll, the girl that everyone wanted. Maybe someday I would be someone else, but for now, I was content with where my life was. So the first chapter was in the Babydoll's POV, but the rest of the story will be in the main character's. She'll arrive in the next chapter. What will happen when she meets Babydoll? Will she be able to convince her to leave. Please don't forget to review. ","Summary":" I tried to escape and I failed. I did manage to get to someone else, but I lost three of my friends"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"The Ending","Author":"Lindy Whatshername","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12361554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sucker Punch Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or the movie, only the plot. Blue was mesmerized by Babydoll, as always. Her spunk, her fire, made him want her even more. He never could take his eyes off her when she was in the same room. He still couldn't when he gripped his gun, shooting Amber. He couldn't care less about Blondie who was cowering before him. He smirked,\"I don't like snitches.\" He pulled the trigger. Blondie had screamed, the final sound to emit from her mouth. He watched Babydoll closely, never taking his eyes off her, watching her face. He wanted to see if she would break. He had always liked a challenge. He saw horror, disgust, loathing, shock-all these and somewhere in between but not despair. \"Guess I have to try harder,\" He thought to himself, a satisfying thought really,\"This is going to be fun.\" Babydoll watched her two other friends get killed. No. No. NO! First her sister, then Rocket, then Amber, then Blondie. They can't have...They couldn't...They CAN'T die ! She clutched her knife, grip strong as steel, only one goal etched in her mind. She knew this as Blue tried desperately to claim her as his own. As he comes ever the closer, she could see his every feature, from the short dark hair to those glittering eyes. She hated him. There was no other word for the emotion she felt right now. She felt it, a dark pit drawing her in. She fell. Her arm flew through the air, stabbing him in the neck. She wanted to laugh when she saw his contorted expression of disbelief. Some red droplets splattered across the table. She couldn't care less as she struggled from underneath him. A low moan could be heard from across the room, where silence had fallen. Her heart sped up. Amber? Blondie? Were they alive? Blondie let out a low moan. Ouch. Her head hurt. No, the back of her head. Slowly, she propped herself up. Her hand was in something sticky. Somebody rushed over to her, footsteps sounding unnaturally loud. She cowered. \"Blondie, it's me, Babydoll,\" The familiar voice said. She opened her eyes gingerly, snapping down immediately to see whatever substance her hand was in. Blood. She wanted to retch. She forced down a choked sob as she looked back up to meet Babydoll's eyes,\"I'm so sorry!\" She then broke eye contact, staring at the limp body of Amber. She heard Babydoll rushing about the dressing room but she was frozen. As Babydoll applied pressure on the back of her head, she let sobs rack her body. Amber heard someone crying. Then Babydoll's soothing voice,\"I forgive you. Amber would too. You were very lucky. The bullet just grazed the back of your head.\" Then, as an afterthought, Babydoll spoke more to herself than Blondie,\"I guess I have more power than I thought. Capturing his attention...He couldn't even shoot straight...\" Amber forced her eyes to open. She first saw the red liquid surrounding her head. Amber said in a croaked voice,\"Actually I do forgive you.\" \"Amber!\" Blondie was never the most affectionate of people but right now, she hugged Amber so tight, she thought her ribs would crack. \"Amber!\" Babydoll smiled,\"Come on. Can you get up? We're getting out of here.\" Amber's eyes travelled to the body on the counter. She asked in a awed voice,\"Blue is dead?\" \"Yeah,\"Babydoll felt a sense of pride when she uttered the single word. A smile continued to grace her face as she grabbed more bandages. When she patched up those two,\"Let's go now.\" Sweet Pea was banging against the door. She screamed,\"Let me out! Let me out!\" She overheard the Cook saying as he walked past her prison. He muttered to someone,\"That girl was nothing but trouble. Too bad though, I didn't kill her. And Blue forbade me from killing her.\" She needed to see Rocket. Her little sister was alive! \"Please! Someone!\" Sweet Pea screamed until she was hoarse. Suddenly, she heard soft shuffling, unlike the confident thump the guards had when they walked. The sound of a click in the lock. Her breath hitched in her throat. The door swung open. Blue eyes and platinum blonde hair greeted her. Sweet Pea's eyes became huge. She said in a half-whisper,\"Babydoll! Rocket is alive!\" \"What, no love for us?\" Blondie grinned from behind. Sweet Pea was a mix between anger at Blondie's betrayal and relief that she was alive. She gave in to the relief. With a roll of her eyes, she grumbled,\"Missed you too.\" Babydoll nodded, leading them to their dorms. Rocket lay on her bed, her eyes glazed over. The stab wound hurt bad but it didn't puncture her lung or whatever so she was fine. She heard gunshots and she hated to think what had gone on while she wasn't there. \"They're probably dead,\" She let that thought sink in, as the tears sunk into her pillow. She flipped on her side when she heard someone fiddling with the doorknob. Babydoll. Her platinum blonde friend was there. Her big sis, Blondie and Amber were all there. She leapt out of the bed, not caring about the twinges of pain the stitches were still giving her. In no time, she was already wrapping her arms around her best friend. She whispered,\"Baby...\" \"I'm here,\"Babydoll interrupted briskly,\"We need to go now.\" Babydoll was frantic inside, but she was keeping a cool demeanor on the exterior. All the girls were fine so it was a relief. But one thing kept reverberating in her head. \"The fifth thing, what was it?\" The thought plagued her as the lighter burned, providing the distraction. The key was jammed in the lock. An immense rush of thankfulness came over her as the gate yielded to the key. They all dashed out of the building, screeching to a halt when a car pulled into the car park. The High Roller. Babydoll turned to look at her friends, all crouched behind the stairs. Then she realized something,\"The fifth thing-it's me.\" \"Sweet Pea,\"Babydoll addressed the blonde who looked surprised,\"Take care of them okay?\" \"No, wait!\" Blondie protested, immediately trying to get up. Amber clamped a hand over her best friend's mouth, pulling her back down. Blondie hissed angrily after Amber removed the hand,\"I revealed our plan to Blue. I should be sacrificed.\" Babydoll realized with a pang that Blondie blamed herself more than the others did. Blondie had been furious with herself ever since she told Blue and Madam Gorski. She was the tough one of the group but she succumbed to the fear so easily. \"Nothing comes without a price,\" Babydoll reminded herself as she stepped out of her hiding spot. The four girls she treated like sisters now. They should survive. The High Roller looked almost kindly as he stepped out of the car. While Babydoll used her powers of dancing once more, she wasn't dragged into the land of fantasy again. Instead, she watched her friends from the corner of her eye, disappearing into the distance. The High Roller promised her things. He would set her free. Madam Gorski also agreed to set her free. She packed her little belongings, getting ready to leave the brothel once and for all. We all have our own guardian angels. But they are not here to fight our battles for us. All things come with a price, especially battles. Guardian angels are not here to pay the price for us, we must do it ourselves. We must fight our battles ourselves, no matter the price. Now fight. ","Summary":" Sucker Punch Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or the movie, only the plot. Blue was m"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Cirice","Author":"Vicious Cerberus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11828055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This will probably just be a one shot but it could turn into more. Well if you haven't i by now this is a song by the band called Ghost they're a Swedish heavy metal band check them out if you haven't already. Vicious Cerberus Cirice Rocket the fiery short haired redhead from the Lennox house started out fragile but soon learned you had to fend for yourself in this chapel of insanity. She started down the hallway headed toward the kitchen as she got closer she could hear the loud opera music blaring from the small radio in the kitchen. She was wearing a blue strapless t shirt, a matching skirt and plastic sandals they made everyone wear, no laceus you know in case of attempted suicide or to use for strangulation the usual. The smell of onions and cooking potatoes filled her nostrils as she stood at the doorway of the cook's kitchen, she scanned the two blades that were attached to his waist. One of them was a large kukri shaped blade while the other was a more simple kitchen knife triangular in shape. Rocket felt her eyes start to water from the cook dicing up onions with his kitchen knife, god she hated the smell of onions but she really didn't have a choice in the matter and over time she had become more used to it, but it still reeked to her. The cook was dressed in his usual greasy sweat stained white t shirt and chef's hat with brown pants. It disgusted her how much the man looked like a pig, her, Amber, Sweet Pea, Blondie, and Baby Doll all cracked jokes about him in the wee midnight hours before Rocket crawled into bed with Baby Doll. After Rocket officially gave Baby Doll the tour of the place when they came to the bedroom Baby Doll had asked her if she would be her girlfriend, she sure moved fast Rocket had thought but she quickly got very close to her with her kindness and humor. Even in this church of insanity Rocket and Baby Doll proved there could be a stable caring relationship, even if the two were pretty much as crazy as they come. Once the cook noticed the redhead he told her to drag him over a ten pound bag of poatatoes as he set on his stool chopping the eye watering bulb of onion and dumping it into a giant cooking pot. She struggled with the bag, after all her pixie frame wasn't built for heavy labor but she managed. \"Take that box of dark chocolate and sort them onto the shelves,\" the pig ordered so she picked up a cardboard box filled with smaller rectangular boxes which held the sweet treat. While the cook sat eating his sandwich and listening to his operatic music around the corner she carefully ripped open one of the rectangular boxes and was about to slide it into her shirt when a hand grabbed her wrist. \"What the hell do you think you're doing?\" The cook asked as she slapped him in the face he shoved her to the floor and held both of her hands above her head with one arm and he tried to unzip his pants with the other. \"Help! Ahhhhhh!\" Rocket screamed as loud as she could luckily Baby Doll was walking down the hall and heard her screams over the blaring opera. She ran up behind the cook and grabbed the kukri knife from his belt and held it tight to his throat. \"Let her go pig!\" Baby Doll screamed at him, he didn't listen so Rocket slid her arm free and grabbed the kitchen knife, The two both stuck their blades into his neck at the same time and blood sprayed everywhere, on their faces on their clothes before the cook fell to the side and a puddle of blood poured out of him, it was as if they had doused an altar with a sacrificial lamb. Lovestruck they both were they looked at each other for what seemed like minutes before they closed the space between them and filled each other's lips with the speckles of crimson that were upon them. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Well let me know what ya think hope it wasn't too bad review peoples, review. ","Summary":" This will probably just be a one shot but it could turn into more. Well if you haven't i by now thi"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Sin la gracia del fénix","Author":"Karen Hikari","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11118323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Un amigo me pidió que escribiera una historia acerca de Amber, así que aquí está. Sé que Blue primero le dispara a Amber, pero lo olvidé al momento de escribir esto, y no me di cuenta sino hasta que volví a ver la película, meses después de escribir esto, y decidí dejarlo como estaba para agregar drama. ;) Sin la gracia del fénix Lo vio venir. Tan pronto como Blue entró en la habitación se dio cuenta cómo terminaría todo. Ni siquiera se inmutó; sólo esperó, como tan bien sabía hacer. Pero no le daría la satisfacción de verla suplicar por su vida. Eso nunca. Mientras la bala, certera, entraba en su cuerpo, ella se fue, de una manera distinta a la de Baby Doll, pero se fue de todas formas. Se abandonó a los recuerdos. Evocó su infancia; que no había sido la más feliz, pero que sin duda había sido la mejor época de su vida. Cuando niña su familia había adoptado a un gato. Animal precioso, de ojos verdes y un cuerpo negro azabache. Su nombre había sido Amai Doku, dulce veneno, primeramente porque el animal era encantador, pero en cuanto a la parte del veneno... bueno, se debía a que cuando había encontrado al gato, habían tratado de envenenarlo, y parecía más muerto que vivo, pero, gracias a los cuidados de Rose, su madre, y a los suyos propios, habían conseguido salvarle la vida. Pasó por los momentos en los que había sido feliz, hasta que, finalmente, llegó al momento en el que Rose, le había pedido que huyera. A diferencia de Sweet Pea y de Rocket, ella no había escapado de su casa, su misma madre le había pedido que se fuera, debido a las circunstancias; lo recordaba: –Emma –le había dicho su madre, de una manera que dejaba ver cuán grande era su desesperación a una joven muchacha, no mayor de quince años, que la miraba con miedo y duda–, tienen que irse. Sophie y tú. Llévatela, con cualquier mentira, con lo que sea. Llévala al parque, que juegue, como siempre quiere hacer, distráela. Y cuando sea hora de volver, dile que nunca lo harán –lo recordaba tan bien, aún podía ver los ojos de su madre, suplicándole. –Pero mamá... ¿de qué… de qué hablas? –Hija, deben ser libres, ustedes deben ser libres, ¿qué no lo ves? Hasta ahora él no les ha hecho daño porque se desquita conmigo, pero yo no aguantaré mucho más, y ustedes no pueden quedarse. Deben irse. Por un momento había sabido qué decir. Por un momento no había entendido lo que le decía. Pero después lo entendió: váyanse, yo me quedaré y cubriré su huida. La ida de irse y dejarlo todo atrás era acertada, y quizás deberían haberla puesto en práctica hacía años, pero las tres. Sophie, su madre y ella. Las tres juntas. –Mamá, si tú no vienes yo no… –¿No irás a ningún lado? –la había cortado Rose, su voz rozando el límite de la desesperación- Mi vida, ¿no lo entiendes? Él es mi parca, cuando él diga que muera yo dejaré de respirar, y ya no falta mucho, pero yo no tengo por qué arrastrarlas a Sophie y a ti conmigo. Cuando yo muera, él irá por ustedes, ni siquiera quiero imaginar qué hará. Si ustedes no se van ya, morirán, igual que yo, pero si se quedan y algo les pasa, yo estaré muerta en vida. –Mamá, si te quedas Jean va a matarte, tienes que… –Emma, ¿no comprendes? Yo ya estoy muerta, desde que me casé con ese maldito, pero ustedes aún pueden ser libres. Emma, vete, lleva a tu hermana, estarán solas un tiempo, pero después encontraran su lugar, serán libres. Todo es mejor que quedarse aquí, hija –eso no era cierto, pero ella no lo había sabido hasta después de que su nombre cambiara a Amber, no hasta que había perdido lo único realmente suyo: su familia–. Emma, saca a tu hermana de aquí, que no vuelva ver esto, hija, por favor. Aquí ya no queda nada. Si tienes que olvidarme, olvídame, pero vete, te lo suplico, vete y no mires atrás, ¿de acuerdo? No había querido hacerlo, lo recordaba, ella no había querido, dejar a su madre sola… pero… Rose lucía tan desolada… casi como si todo lo que la mantenía en pie fuera el darle una oportunidad a sus hijas y tal vez… tal vez fuera cierto. Sabía que un velo de lágrimas había cubierto sus ojos, lo mismo que los de su madre, pero no las dejó salir. Recordaba haber asentido, mirando a los ojos a su madre, su rostro una expresión de muda resignación y quizás… quizás, valor, una mirada retadora adornando sus ojos. –¡Sophie! –gritó, mientras rompía el contacto visual con su madre y le daba la espalda. Al poco rato apareció una niña, vestida pobremente, lo mismo que ella misma y que su madre, de cabello castaño claro y unos grandes ojos cafés, que miraban alternativamente a Rose y a su hermana. Ideó una mentira rápida, que su madre secundó inmediatamente– Nena, ¿puedes acompañarme al mercado? –después de un rápido asentimiento de la niña había extendido su mano izquierda en su dirección, y con un profundo suspiro que mezclaba dolor, resignación y esperanza, había vuelto a levantar la vista a su madre una última vez, a la par que cerraba su mano derecha hasta convertirla en un puño, encajándose las uñas en la palma, en un esfuerzo por distraer a su mente del hecho de que nunca volvería a ver a su madre. –Nos vemos, mamá –se había despedido, quedamente, fingiendo jovialidad, antes de salir de la casa con Sophie aferrada a su mano, y con tanta rapidez, que no escuchó los sollozos que su madre trataba de ahogar, ni como la despedía con un \"Mi niña, mi valiente, perdóname, por favor…\" Tan pronto cruzaron la primera esquina, su hermana recuperó la alegría que la distinguía siempre que se distanciaban de Jean. A veces, Emma se preguntaba qué habría sido de ellas si hubieran vivido de forma distinta; nunca podía hacerlo por mucho, pues siempre la acometía un deseo irrefrenable de llorar, pues sabía que tanto ella como Sophie habrían sido mucho más felices, aunque pobres, alejadas de Jean. –¡Emma, Emma! –le gritó Sophie, sacándola de sus cavilaciones- ¿Ya viste? ¡El olmo vuelve a tener hojas! –le había dicho, entusiasmada como ella sola mientras apuntaba al árbol. –Si, Sophie –recordaba haberle respondido, forzando una sonrisa que, sin embargo, no fue falsa durante mucho—. El invierno ya acabó, dentro de poco será primavera. ¿Quieres acercarte más? –le preguntó, aunque sabía la respuesta de sobra. Ése árbol constituía uno de los cuentos favoritos de Sophie. Su madre contaba que dentro de ese viejo olmo se alojaba una hada que se encargaba de cambiar las estaciones en todo Londres; no sorprendía, pues, que Sophie gustara el imponente árbol. Después de asentir enérgicamente Sophie la arrastró hasta el árbol, risueña. Por un momento esperó que esa hada realmente existiera y le pidió, poniendo en tal empresa toda su fe, que Sophie y ella consiguieran sobrevivir, y encontrar una mejor vida. El día, su primer día en las calles, transcurrió en niñerías semejantes, tan era así que, Amber, tan solo dos años después las había olvidado irremediablemente. Sin embargo, siempre había recordado esa primera noche fuera de casa. Alrededor de las siete, mientras cruzaban un parque, junto al área infantil, Sophie había empezado a extrañarse de que no volvieran, y le había llamado la atención acerca de que ni siquiera se habían acercado al mercado. –No, importa, no te preocupes –le había respondido la joven, evitando cruzar miradas con la pequeña. –Si volvemos así, mamá nos regañará –apuntó Sophie. –No lo hará –había contestado ella, casi de inmediato. –Pero pensé que nos había pedido que… Emma suspiró, había llegado el momento de decirle a su hermana lo que sucedía realmente. Detuvo su andar y se puso en cuclillas, para encarar a su hermana, que casi inmediatamente se le puso a la par, con una mirada de preocupación en su rostro, expresión que debía ir a juego con la seria que seguramente llevaba ella. –Sophie –empezó, insegura –, mamá no nos pidió eso. Nos pidió que nos fuéramos. Jean cada vez es más violento y más peligroso; quería protegernos. No volveremos a casa, ¿entiendes? La mirada de absoluto terror le había dado toda la respuesta que necesitaba: no, no entendía nada de lo que pasaba. Mentira, Sophie era una niña lista, lo entendía todo, perfectamente, quizás demasiado. Inmediato a su anterior declaración vio que los ojos de su hermana se llenaban de lágrimas. –Esto es lo que mamá quiere, si nos hubiéramos quedado habrían sucedido cosas horribles, Sophie, por eso mamá quiso que escapáramos ¿de acuerdo? Las dos, juntas. Tranquila, todo… todo estará bien… lo prometo –calló, sabiendo que si seguía hablando sin sentidos ella misma caería en una crisis, y era lo último que debía hacer si lo que quería era calmar a la niña, por el contrario, sabiendo también que no había nada que pudiera decir para que todo pareciera mejor decidió recurrir a las acciones, extendió sus brazos y atrajo a la niña, que no se había movido ni siquiera un poco, quizás debido al shock, a su cuerpo, lentamente, tratando de no asustarla aun más. Tan pronto la tuvo entre sus brazos el cuerpo de su hermana comenzó a temblar violentamente, consecuencia de las gruesas lágrimas que caían por sus mejillas y la obligaban a sollozar con fuerza. Pero lo peor pasó pronto, poco después Sophie estuvo dormida y Emma, abrazando a la niña mientras se mecía sobre un columpio del pequeño parque pudo, al fin, estar sola para pensar qué era lo que debería hacer. Recurrir a la policía, o a cualquier institución de ayuda había quedado descartado en redondo: las enviarían a un orfanato y las separarían. Eso no iba a pasar, ella lo impediría. Lo único que podía pensar era vivir en la calle. Sería muy difícil, quizás demasiado con una niña menor de diez años, habría demasiados peligros, lo sabía, pero, ¿qué podía ser peor que vivir siempre con miedo de que un día tu padre llegara más borracho que de costumbre y golpeara a su mujer hasta matarla frente a los ojos de sus propias hijas?, ¿o que consiguiera un arma y la usara en contra de la gente que lo mantenía, como el maldito que era? Había muchas cosas peores, muchas, pero no las conocía en ese momento, no lo sabría hasta haber cambiado su nombre, hasta haberlo perdido todo, no hasta que Emma hubiera muerto y de sus cenizas, sin la gracia del fénix, surgiera Amber. Pero en ese momento, había dudado que un borracho callejero, o cualquiera de los obstáculos que una calle oscura podía presentarle, le diera miedo en lo más mínimo. Podría soportarlo. Quizás realmente estarían bien. Ese día había caído rendida recostada sobre un juego infantil, y el día siguiente, que se presentó lluvioso, no trajo mejores perspectivas. Las primeras semanas habían sido las peores. Sophie, la que lo pasó peor entre ellas dos. La niña dejó de hablarle, se volvió imperturbable a todo lo que sucediera a su alrededor, bueno o malo, a ella simplemente no le importaba. Emma esperaba; con paciencia y sin quejarse nunca, ella había esperado; porque sabía que era lo único que podía hacer, esperar y desear que las cosas mejoraran. Con el tiempo, Sophie volvió a sonreír; con el tiempo, Sophie volvió a confiar en ella; con el tiempo, las calles, dejaron de ser imponentes para convertirse en el monótono paisaje de todos los días. Se habían concentrado en una rutina monótona y gris: durante la mañana mendigaban algo de dinero en una plaza concurrida o en algún parque, a las doce de la mañana aproximadamente, se acercaban a algún vendedor y después de mucho regatear, conseguían algo de comer; cerca de las seis de la tarde repetían la rutina, asegurándose de guardar algo de comida para desayunar al día siguiente. Cada medio mes cambiaban de parque, evitando así problemas con pandillas o con la policía. Emmaline había sido perfectamente consciente, desde el inicio, de que la alimentación que llevaban no sólo era pobre y miserable, sino también insuficiente. Pero si de algo había estado orgullosa siempre fue de que nunca habían robado un céntimo. Durante el tiempo que vivió en la calle, por más difícil que se había tornado la situación nunca había enseñado a su hermana a robar. Nunca. Con el tiempo, ya ni siquiera extrañaba la casa que había dejado atrás. Había pasado casi un año desde que dejaran su casa, arriesgándose a una vida en las calles y, durante ese tiempo se dirigieron de tal forma, que nunca tuvieron problema alguno. Ahora sabía que no había sido más que cuestión de suerte, pero por ese entonces había creído que realmente lograrían sobrevivir, con la vida que llevaban, hasta encontrar algo mejor. Grave error. Se acercaba el invierno, y aunque Emmaline estaba consciente de que su situación empeoraría de allí en adelante, nunca se dio cuenta de las verdaderas consecuencias que tendría esa estación, no hasta que había sido demasiado tarde. Había empezado como un simple resfrío. Repentinamente Sophie se halló estornudando frecuentemente e hirviendo en fiebre. Emma intentó todo lo que pudo para curarla, pero sus conocimientos medicinales eran pocos y sus recursos aún menos, así que no pudo sino mantenerse a su lado. Sin embargo, siempre confió en que tan pronto llegara la primavera la niña se restablecería, a la par que los árboles que recobraban sus hojas. Pero no lo hizo. La mañana del dieciséis de enero se había despertado para encontrarse con que su hermana, su querida hermana, única persona que reconocía su existencia, y única cosa sobre le tierra a la que amaba, había muerto durante la noche. De frío, de hambre, de sed, de inanición, de desnutrición, de falta de atención... quizás de todas ellas. Cuando recibía la bala de Blue era consciente de que no se había perdonado, aunque tampoco había podido hacer mucho, y todo lo que había podido hacer, lo había intentado. Después de eso, era incapaz de recordar mucho. Sabía que no se había separado del cadáver durante probablemente tres días, y que lo había hecho porque un hombre la había obligado, había llorado hasta que las lágrimas habían dejado de salir, y aún después se había encontrado incapaz de moverse o hacer nada. No había comido durante un tiempo, pues no había buscado forma de proporcionarse alimento alguno. Había vagado por las calles hasta que una fuerte nevada la había obligado a refugiarse bajo el techo de lona de una tienda de ropa. Hecha un ovillo se había quedado dormida en la esquina del escaparate. Sabía que la habían despertado voces masculinas, pero estaba tan debilitada que apenas había podido abrir los ojos un momento antes de volver a quedarse dormida. Habían sido tres hombres, dos de ellos borrachos, el tercero hablando de algo, pero sólo podía recordar algunas palabras inconexas. \"Llevarla... Hospital... Instituto... Mental... Lennox... Vender... Dinero\" En ese momento la plática había carecido de sentido, pero poco después la había comprendido a la perfección. Después recordaba estar sentada en una silla muy incómoda, mientras al menos tres voces, tal vez cuatro, discutían sobre algo que parecían cifras, pero se había desmayado casi al instante. El precio por el que Blue la había comprado, ahora sabía. Lo siguiente que recordaba era estar tendida en una cama blanca, las sábanas limpias, que olían a lavanda; su cabello se desparramaba sobre la almohada, limpio y cepillado, como hacía meses que no lo veía, su ropa rasgada y sucia cambiada por un camisón gris. Había despertado en una habitación fría, pero agradable. En el centro se encontraba la cama y a los costados, pegados a las paredes, varios utensilios que parecían de uso médico. La enfermería, le habían informado después. Nunca supo decir si horas o días después, apareció la enfermera, mujer gorda y vieja que sin embargo, era buena en lo que hacía. Un mes después se encontraba repuesta, según le había dicho Johanna, la enfermera. Lo cierto era que no se sentía muy bien, o con ganas siquiera de salir del cubículo al que había estado confinada desde su llegada, pero nadie iba a detenerse a preguntar lo que mejor le parecía, como había aprendido al lado de su antiguo conocido, el tiempo. La habían dirigido a la oficina de Blue, que le había sonreído con ese aire de amabilidad falsa con el que se vanagloriaba y que a ella, ya desde entonces, mientras se encontraba débil y cansada, le había parecido repugnante. Él había cambiado su nombre. Era por él que se había convertido en Amber, pero todo le era tan indiferente entonces, que no había intentado conservar su verdadero nombre, su verdadera identidad. Esa noche la habían puesto en el cuarto que compartiría en adelante con Rocket, Sweet Pea y Blondie. Al día siguiente ya estaba trabajando en su coreografía, en compañía de Madame Gorski. Una semana después había bailado por primera vez frente al público. No conocía nada más asqueroso que el trabajo que la obligaban a hacer, pero no tenía opción. Finalmente, había terminado por ser el juguete del Mayor. Pero el tiempo había llegado, y con su ayuda hasta su denigrante trabajo se había acabado por convertir en una simple rutina, que sobrellevaba en conjunto con las demás chicas, que si no podían ser calificadas de amigas suyas, eran lo más cercano a ello que había tenido en años. Había pasado casi un año desde su llegada a Lennox y la normalidad que su trabajo proporcionaba había conseguido que se perdiera el aire de sufrimiento y se instalara uno que, si bien no era jovialidad, al menos parecía confianza. Pero todo eso había cambiado el día que Baby Doll llegó. Esa niña no sólo era especial, sino que era alguien. Estaba viva, aún cuando estaba encerrada allí, había llegado diciendo que iba a irse. Que escaparía. Amber había sido la primera en unirse a su descabellado plan. Afuera nadie la esperaba, pues estaba casi segura de que su madre ya había muerto, lo mismo que Sophie, y esperaba que su padre ya estuviera pudriéndose en el infierno. Así pues, ¿qué podía perder? Nada. ¿Y qué podía ganar? Todo. Libertad, su vida de vuelta. Pelearía con todas sus fuerzas por ser libre una vez más. Lo había hecho. Había peleado con todo lo que tenía. Una vez más había perdido, pero no estaba sorprendida. La bala se adentró en su cuerpo y ella decidió usar sus últimas fuerzas en llevarse al rostro una sonrisa. \"Deseo que alguien llore mi muerte\" pidió, mientras sus últimos segundos en el mundo de los vivos se escapaban \", como lo hice cuando Sophie murió, como todas lo hicimos cuando el cocinero mató a Rocket.\" \"Y, sin embargo... mi destino no me entristece porque... al final... al final... seré libre. No de la manera en que Baby Doll y las chicas habían planeado pero... libre al fin... libre de todas formas.\" \"Nunca más veré a Blue, no tendré que bailar o hacer nada contra mi voluntad... nunca más.\" \"Tal vez, si tengo suerte, podré reunirme con mi familia... Mamá, Sophie...\" las llamó, convencida de que se le concedería el deseo de ser feliz después de haber soportado tanto sufrimiento. \"Esta vez... esta vez lo conseguiremos... Las tres... Juntas.\" ","Summary":" Un amigo me pidió que escribiera una historia acerca de Amber, así que aquí está. Sé que Blue prime"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Una vez fui un ángel","Author":"Seth Roan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12181458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Una vez fui un ángel .Dedicado a Ludmila H . Así que no importa si ahora no puedo comer sola, si he olvidado la mitad del abecedario y necesito los dedos para contar. Una vez fui un ángel, ¿sabe, doctora Gorski? Claro que sabe…usted es la única que sabe. Acá, por lo menos. Una vez fui un ángel. Pensé que era la protagonista de la historia pero yo era una cosa, un ingrediente, un arma. Y por eso no amé nunca a nadie, salvo a esas amigas mías, algunas que ahora están tan dañadas como yo o muertas. Pero no tiene importancia. Éramos como páginas de un libro, como tinta, una cubierta del cuento de alguien más, de la que logró irse. Así que yo sí que fui útil. Capaz que no para mi hermana, pobrecita. Pero pienso que incluso en un mundo gris como este en el que nos tocó vivir, se puede encontrar algo de luz pura. Y yo fui eso un rato para alguien, aunque ahora use pañales y haya que ponerme camisa de fuerza, llenarme las venas de sedantes y los oídos de promesas de una mejora que sé que solo vendrá cuando deje de respirar. Yo fui eso. Ella se ahogaba y yo la saqué, le di mis últimas fuerzas, mi aliento, mi oportunidad de protagonismo. ¿Por qué? Y…porque aunque yo hubiera salido, ¿había algo afuera para mi? No. Dos tumbas a las cuales llevar flores, un padrastro que no hubiera dejado de buscarme hasta que uno de los dos muriera. ¿Y para qué matarlo? ¿Por mi? Eso era como salir a cenar sola, no, yo no mato por mi, para no compartir nada. Hubiera matado por mi hermana pero ella ya no está en este mundo, así que morí por mi amiga. Morí en vida, ya lo sé. Ahora solamente tengo estos sentimientos, esta voz dentro de mí que apenas suena como mía y de la que no me despego aunque tampoco pueda transmitirla para aliviarme. Yo era un ángel, así que vuelvo a ver una y otra vez esas preciosas imágenes del recuerdo. Porque fui un ángel, fui una heroína, fui esencial, no solo otra chica loca y triste, con o sin dinero heredado para que lo maneje un desnaturalizado como mi padrastro. Así que valió la pena. Y ahora a esperar a volver al cielo del que caí, doctora. ","Summary":" Una vez fui un ángel .Dedicado a Ludmila H . Así que no importa si ahora no puedo comer sola, si he"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Suckerpunch: Vengeance (Part 1)","Author":"evilvalerincia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10804889","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been maybe a month since I saw my sister. How I wish she knew I was still here. I was only dead for a few minutes. Long enough for them to haul her away to some crazy house on the outside of town. Lennox house was the most notorious, or popular I should say. Because nothing really is as it seems on the outside. My name Is Alice. I'm almost 13. I am pale with dark red lips like burgundy and raven black hair, curled down to my waist. My long lashes hide my golden brown eyes as I walk along the side of the road. My dark clothes are the only thing hiding me from what monsters that lurk in the dark. At very least, the human ones. My pajamas are ripped, muddy, and torn. The Light blue shirt was dyed red at the torso with my blood. I'm so hungry and weak I'm ready to topple over into the field. I haven't eaten in over two days. I limp towards the nearby town that gives off that gloom and doom vibe. Everywhere is dark and empty by this time. I think it's almost two in the morning now. I walk by the thrift store and try to see inside. Its dark, but I make out a clothes rack near the back. I need to get cleaned up, and some new clothes. I look around the building and find and a few old pipes and boards of rotten wood. I grab the pipe, rust scraping my hand as I walk to the front window. I can only hope there is no alarm. I lift the pipe over my head and strike the glass. It cracks but doesn't break. Again and again I use the last of my strength to bust open the glass. With sharp clatters the shards fall to the floor. I breathe out a sigh of relief as I step through the door, careful not to step on the glass. I limp to the back where the clothes are. I'm all out of energy and just too tired to care what I wear anymore. I grab a black tank top with some old red converse sneakers and some grey sweatpants. I went to the bathroom in the back and stood in my pants and bloody tank top over the sink. I cleaned up a bit, enough for some comfort I wrapped my torso in bandages I found in a first aid kit under the sink. I walked out into the alley and looked for a place to get some shut eye for the night. I saw some room behind some trashcans and a pile of old boxes. I found some fire blankets and an old rugged pillow in the storage closet. As I was walking past the clothes racks again I considered grabbing a change of clothes. After all I was going to be all over the place in the morning again. I grabbed a duffel bag and pulled in a worn leather jacket with a thin grey hoodie jacket and a flannel shirt along with some holed up skinny jeans and tan army boots. There was a glass counter with some pocket knives showing off under the night lights. I busted out the front side and took the two largest ones or at least the ones that seem the best equipped. I zip up the bag and crawl into the alleyway. Building a fort of boxes around me, I crawl into a corner wrapped in my blanket and pillow and pass into a tiring dream. I'm on my knees beside my parents' bed, my eyes blurred with tears as my sister stands beside me shaking my shoulders. \"No!\" I hear indistinctly in the background. Everything was blurred and my ears weren't working right. I can feel my heart shuddering into grief, breaking. Emily Wraps me in her arms, her curls enveloping me into her tight embrace. She's trying to hold me together as I watch as the coroners take our mother away. Gone without a hint. Our stepfather watches from the corner, coldness on his face as they carry the black bag out of the room. Everything changes, fast forward. I am in the closet, screaming for my sister Emily and cowering behind the clothes. I bury my head in my knees and try to be as small as possible. Why? Why is this happening? I hear the door break, my only protection gone. Our stepfather stands there with the knife. He lets his bottle of whiskey drop to the floor as he comes towards me. I back into the corner kicking my feet towards him but getting nothing but air. He pulls me halfway off the floor as I scream at him. As I try to turn away I feel something, a stab in my stomach. Repeatedly three times. The letter opener stuck in my torso drips with blood as I fall to the floor. I stare at his feet as he turns to get my sister. I hear a gunshot. I don't know where the bullet goes. My last words quietly beg for her. \"Emily.\" I say as tears stream down my face. I close my eyes and fade into the blackness. The last movements I feel are of arms shaking me. And then I Suffocate. I wake up screaming, kicking at air. My stomach is throbbing, burning even. I crawl out from the boxes and fall on my side. I cough wildly and my chest heaves for air intake. I try to control my mind but it keeps flashing with my personal nightmares. I struggle to my knees and crawl towards my bag. My gasps slow and I finally struggle to my feet. I throw my bag over my shoulder and stumble out of the alleyway. The store owner must be aware by now because I hear wailing sirens not far away. I Need food and water badly. I can feel myself deteriorate by the minute. There's a grocery store not far. I hope I can swipe some food and water. I Walk a few blocks to the grocers and stay in the tree lining as the cop cars pass by. I cross the lot and walk into the door. I walk around a bit and add a few bottles of water and juice to my duffle bag. I grab a few energy bars and head to the back. There is a bathroom in there that's really old. I lock myself in and cram down the energy bars and chug half a bottle of water down. Whatever's left I throw in my bag. I quietly slip out of the bathroom and walk around to the front counter. I buy a pack of gum with some money I found in my jacket pocket. I nonchalantly walk out of the store, giving the whole \"I'm so innocent\" look all the way out of the parking lot. I walk along the road leading out of town with my hood up and my head down. I… I try so hard to figure out what happened that night. I think my sister grabbed our stepfather's gun and tried to protect me. But she didn't know she was too late. He had already stabbed me and I was already dying. The last thing I felt was arms around me, shaking me. And then I died. I don't know what happened. Why did things happen like this? There was no reasoning. Next thing I knew I woke up in a black body bag half buried in a field. I don't know where my sister is or if she's even alive. I have to get to her. I have to save her. God only knows what they've done to her by now. It's been about a month since the whole situation. Silent tears roll down my cheeks and onto my jacket. My mind blurs with pain and confusion. I can't deal with my thoughts anymore. I slide off the road and into a ditch. \"I just need five minutes, only five minutes and then I'll be ok,\" my mind whispers. I sit and wrap my Hands around my legs and jut back and forth. Over and over again I rock myself to let my mind fade even more, to go numb. I cry and start to feel child like again. I sit there for only a minute before a bus pulls up and parks onto the road in front of me. I look up and quickly wipe away any evidence of sadness or weakness. That's the only moment of grief I can get before the door opens and a woman steps out. She looks about 17. She takes no hesitance and walks to me, her dress ruffling as she does. She bends down and grabs my waist and slowly helps me to my feet. I look at her slowly. Her hair is a strawberry blond. She has green eyes and her skin glints slightly, her hair winding a she stands straight. She holds a worried look on her face as she speaks. \"You're Alice, Baby dolls sister.\" She says it as a statement not a question. She must know Emily by her play name. I said nothing and stared at her. She smiled and led me towards the bus. I stopped. I can't trust anyone, so why should I trust them? The bus driver looked strangely familiar. Like I'd known him since I was small. He just smiled and winked at me and said \"welcome, little Alice. We have a long way to go kiddo.\" \"It's ok Alice,\" The woman said, \"I knew your sister, baby doll. We were friends. She got me out. I can tell you more once we're on the road.\" I looked, wide eyed at her, but I didn't say a word as I stepped up into the bus. I went quickly to the back, next to the emergency exit, just in case I had to make a quick escape. The woman sat in the seat across from me. \"She looked at me and said \"You have your sister's eyes\". That mentioning alone made my eyes swim. How angry I am at myself for letting it all get to me so easily. I have to be like my sister, I HAVE to be strong. I looked at the woman with a solid glare. \"Relax. It will be fine. You can call me Sweet pea. I have a lot to explain before you will understand. What you think happened to your sister is probably a lie. Let me tell you now and hold questions for the end.\" And I listened to what wild incantation awaited me. \"My little sister and I, her name was Rocket, Arrived at Lennox House about 5 months before baby doll got there. Rocket had run away. She hated our parents, and their harshness so she just left. As a responsibility bound big sister, of course I followed. She needed me and I couldn't leave her. I caught up and I tried to convince her to go home. By then we had walked for hours and were far from the safety of our house. We noticed a Black car following a few feet behind us. We tried to run down an alley but it was a dead end. The men dragged us out of the alley and threw us into the back of the car. Something was held to our faces for five minutes until we fell unconscious. I think it was chloroform but I'm not sure. Anyhow, we were dragged into that awful prison. Madam Gorski helped us as much as possible to get used to the place. We practiced routines for shows and had chores to do. I tried to be the strong one and protect rocket the best I could. I couldn't possibly tell you why we were there. I can't ruin you're innocence. Baby doll was beautiful and she knew too much of what your father had done. Do you know why she was put there Alice?\" I searched for a moment. \"I'm not entirely sure. She tried to protect me, like you did with rocket.\" She held a look of pain and regret as she spoke, \"Your father-\"\"STEP Father.\" I corrected. \"Your Stepfather, Killed your mother to get your inheritance. He got angry when he found out that it was all left to you and your sister. He was going to kill you in that closet. He locked your sister in her room and turned to you. She climbed out of a WINDOW three stories tall to try to save you.\" I couldn't hold on any longer. Nonresistant tears rolled freely down my cheeks. \"I'm sorry but I thought you should know. She came through the front door and got the gun. She came behind him and fired. It busted a light bulb and went through a heater. She thought she killed you because you passed out and you were bleeding. You died, Alice.\" \"I know… but she didn't shoot me. HE stabbed me!\" \"But that's what she believes and she hates herself for it. Your stepfather put her in there. Everyone believes that she went insane and murdered you. So she's in there now…and I don't know what state she's in. She had a gift, strange enough, when she arrived. When we were doing routines, she was made to dance or she would not be of any use to Blue. The owner of the underground club that was alcohol, guns, gambling, you name it. When she danced… Everyone watched. It took us to another world, I swear it did. She was gifted, and so she became the star of the show. She made friends with rocket quickly. The rest of us, Amber, Blondie, Me, And Rocket… well we came in a bit later. We tried to escape. We needed a map, fire, a key, a knife, and a sacrifice. We made a plan. Anyone who we needed something from, would watch her dance and we would simply take the thing that we needed when they weren't looking. We were almost done when my sister….\" She stopped and winced. She sniffed a bit as her eyes pooled. \"She was killed trying to help us. Blondie, she broke down and when Blue found out what we were doing for certain… look, it doesn't matter. But the sacrifice was your sister. She sacrificed herself so I could get out. I don't know what happened to her, or if she's even still alive. All she ever wanted was you and her freedom. We need to save her, Alice, if she can still be saved. I listened as we travelled towards the asylum. The driver and sweet pea were in deep conversation for a while as I feigned sleep and listened in: \"You have to be careful kiddo, you can't save her, and you can only save her spirit. It's already done.\" \"I can't just leave her there, and her sister needs her. Maybe she can come back. Remember, you know.\" \"You can only do so much sweet pea. You must protect and guide Alice, just like I guided her sister. Baby doll wanted her freedom, so I gave her escape into an unfathomable paradise. You must do what is best for Alice.\" \"I get that, but without us, she will just keep searching alone. Don't you see her love for her when we mention her name? I don't want her to spend the entirety of her childhood searching for what is already gone.\" \"Ultimately it must be left to you to guide her, I can't stay much longer anyways. I have done my job here, in this world. I have led a warrior to their freedom and relieved the world of some corruption and destruction of innocence. You proceed me. May you learn from all that I have told you and use it to the best of your abilities to chase the demons from this place…\" I heard nothing after that. I don't know what to say, or what to think. 'Was she really gone? What did they mean? Can I save her? Can I get her back? Am I too late for it all? What did they do to her?' my mind ached and my memory throbbed as memories pulsed through my head, leaving invisible, but excruciating wounds as I passed into a dream of horrors. \"We're almost there. Get ready.\" She looked at me from halfway out the door as we were travelling up the hill to Lennox House. I opened the back door and crouched, waiting. These clothes weren't my first choice, but they would help us fit in. She wore a grey nurse's outfit and I wore an old blue dress, similar to the uniforms patients were required to wear. My eyes are dark and wild, due to lack of rest. I feel I'll blend in well here. The bus slowed down a bit and I heard a faint thud as sweet pea jumped off. I too took no time hopping off the back. I landed on the balls of my feet. Sweet pea caught me by the waist as I stumbled forward trying to catch myself. \"Be careful. And try to act out of it ok? Act like you belong and we shouldn't have a problem getting around. Don't talk to any of them, just look for your sister, ok?\" I nodded quickly and turned, rushing towards the entrance. I can't wait to see her again finally. \"Slow down!\" she hissed from behind me, \"Let me walk you in, and act distant and resistant, got it?\" I stopped and let her grab my arms and lead me towards the entrance. I struggled slightly, like I didn't want to go, but it's hard to lie when all you have is in there. 'I have to be convincing.' I think to myself. \"Wait hang on a sec.\" I shook my arms free and took my hair out of the ponytail. I let it fling down in front of my face. I ruffled it a bit and set a mad tone to myself. \"Ok, I'm good I think.\" I let her re-grip me on my upper arms. I started breathing heavily and made helpless sounding groans as we walked through the door. There was an older looking nurse sitting behind the counter. Sweet Pea walked forward, dragging me behind her. I resisted a little bit. My upper arm started to hurt from her grip, but I said nothing and let the pain influence my acting. \"Excuse me,\" she said politely but with some annoyance,\" I need a room for this one. She's acting out more than usual,\" she than leaned forward with an intuitive tone. \"She's new here anyways. Brand new.\" The nurse looked at me with a passive glare. She pointed to the left. \"Room number 73 is empty. Go ahead. Oh wait,\" We both froze, worried sick. \"You need to come back and do paperwork on her miss… miss…?\" \"Susan Harper,\" Sweet pea responded quickly. \"I'm new also, got hired last week. The boss loves me.\" She said with a wink and a grin. \"And will do. I'll be back in a moment.\" She turned and walked down the left corridor, dragging me with her. We went through a set of gates, and then another a few feet down. Room 73 was open as per instructed. Inside was just a bed with padded walls and a dresser. I sat on the bed as sweet pea tucked a few things into the dresser. \"This was my room when I was new.\" she said. \"I remember screaming for hours in here trying to get out.\" Just then a man walked in. He was in a grey suit with a purple tie and ruffled dark hair. His eyes were green and he was tall and generally handsome. He looked at me and smiled warmly. \"So this is the new girl huh? She doesn't seem to be acting up.\" He looked at sweet pea in question. \"I seemed to have calmed her down sir…\" She replied shyly. She Smiled slightly and looked at me. Her eyes were scared though. He looked me over again \"she'll do nicely for the downstairs group. Take her down to the theatre.\" Immediately an orderly forced me out of the room. Panicked, I tried to get them to let me go. I thrashed against their hold. Sweet pea stepped in front of us. \"That's alright I can take her down… if that's ok of course. Sir?\" She looked at him with an innocent look. \"Of course, miss Harper.\" Sweet pea led me down through endless stairwells and endless locked gates, with a crowd of orderly's following close, led by the man. 'How did she ever get out of here?' I wondered silently as my charade of insanity marched on just as I did. Finally, we arrived at a corridor and the final locked gate. The gate buzzed open and we were rushed down the dingy hall as lights flickered and buzzed above our heads. We entered a large, dramatically lit theatre with a polished stage and velvety red curtains. On that stage was a few girls and a woman dressed in dark clothing, giving instructions. I was paraded through the room, with all eyes on me instantly. I didn't like it, it was terribly uncomfortable, being seen like this after hiding from prying eyes for so long. I twisted under sweet pea's grasp. Her eyes darted at me once and she tightened her grip. The room was soon cloaked with a veil of silence, with the exception of my roaring heartbeat. The man walked ahead of us and motioned to the woman leading the stage. He put a hand on my back and urged me forward. \"Alice that is DR. Vera Gorski. She is the lead dance instructor here. She does this polish therapy thing, it's quite entertaining, listening to them talk about their little issues as if any of that should matter anymore.\" He whispers to us. That makes me angry, though I'm not sure why. \"Oh I never told you my name, Miss Alice. My name Is Kyle Jones. I took over after my younger brother got into a fix.\" Just then Dr. Gorski caught sight of us and hurried down the steps of the stage. \"Welcome, little one. I cannot wait to get to know you.\" She smiled and brushed my hair lightly. I shrunk into sweet pea. She had such a thick polish accent it was hard to tell what she was saying. Sweet pea sat me down next to the stage. \"I will be right back, Ok? I'm just going to get your papers filled. Don't leave or even get up, alright? And don't go near Blue's brother. He just screams 'corrupted'.\" I jerked my head quickly and she hurried off back through the gate. I watched the girls on the stage for a while. They are all so sad, they all seem so hopeless. I was babbling in my head when DR. Gorski came and sat beside me.\" Little Alice,\" she started. I stared at the table and said nothing, my fear keeping me from making a sound. 'What if I slipped up and she found out? What if I got my story wrong? What if I don't have a good story?' My thoughts of \"what\" and \"what if\" rambled in my head as she spoke. \"I would like you to come to my office later, maybe we talk? I love to know all of my girls, and we have never had a girl so young here. Your story must be intriguing, yes? I must get back to practice, but don't worry child, things will get better soon.\" She placed her hand over my shaking one, a gesture meant to comfort. It didn't help much. She stood, smoothed over her dress, and headed towards the stage, where a group of girls were staring at me. I looked at my feet and hid behind my thick curtain of hair. I looked up at the corridor to see if sweet pea was back yet. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw something. I saw blond pigtails and pink pajamas going out the door. I didn't take a moment to think. I was out of my chair and launching myself at the door before I thought about how this would look to anyone. It was her. It HAD to be. I raced past the tables and the girls staring. I got to the locked gate and tried desperately to open it. I slung my entire body backwards, clinging to the bars, trying to get it open. But I just couldn't. She was halfway down the corridor when she turned around. It was her, it was my sister. She was hard to see, but she shook her head sadly and continued walking. I cried out frantically in exasperation. \"Baby doll! Emily!\" I screamed in frustration as my head pounded with desperation and hopelessness. I felt multiple hands grabbing me from behind, hauling me away from the door. \"Open the door!\" I screamed in futility. I felt a sharp stab in my arm, and things started to dim. My body went limp and I tumbled onto the floor. I felt two sets of hands pick me up. I heard the door buzz open. I was carried down the hallways and up the flights of stairs. My vision faded in and out, but she was there, walking beside me as they carried me to my room. She smiled warmly and twirled her hair. She hung on to the hem of my dress with her fingers. I faded out again. I felt a bed beneath me after a minute. Someone covered me up, and I felt the bed dent. Someone was sitting on the edge of my bed, petting my hair gently. I hope it's Emily and I peek through my lashes at the figure. Its sweet pea. I start to cry softly. Tears of misery and anger flow freely down my face. I can't hold out anymore. \"Emily!\" I scream at the top of my lungs and my voice cracks. Sweet pea rushes her hand over my mouth and clamps down. Hard. \"Shush! Do you want them to come in and put you out again? What were you thinking? I was gone for a couple minutes and I come back and you're being hauled back to your room!\" \"I saw her! I saw Emily, she was going down the corridor and I tried to get to her, but she kept walking. She was there I promise you she was.\" \"I don't think that's possible Alice…\" I sat up, throwing the covers off, and looked at her sternly. \"What do you mean it's not possible?\" Sweet pea looked frustrated, like she couldn't decide on something. She spoke slowly. \"I don't think we will find your sister, Alice. I asked about her to the lady at the front desk. She's not here anymore, or so the records say. She had a lobotomy so she couldn't tell anyone what happened. So even if she was still here, she wouldn't remember you at all. I don't see the point in trying anymore. She's either dead or out of her mind, as I hate to put it bluntly.\" \"Then I must be out of mine too because I know what I saw!\" I raised my voice, my strength carrying forward. I double over in pain. All of my screaming has ripped my wound open again. Blood seeps through the cloth of my dress at the waist. I relax my stomach muscles and lay back down. It's been awhile, but it hasn't healed at all, strange… \"Look,\" I say, grimacing, \"I know she's here, we just have to keep searching for her. She wouldn't give up on me ever, so I won't give up on her, I can't. She is all I have left. Everyone else is gone. So I will stay, and I will find her and get her out of here. And then get me out of here.\" I am walking down the stairs, flight after flight, and door after door. To my surprise, they aren't locked. I follow her into the auditorium. She climbs up onto the stage, and turns around. It's Emily again. She smiles at me, and holds out her hand. I scramble up the steps quickly, I accidentally tear the hem of my dress on the corner of the stairs. But that doesn't matter, not now. I hurry to her and hug her waist. She wraps me in her arms, finally we are together again, inseparable. She lets me go and walks to an old radio. Beautiful music begins playing as she takes my hands and twirls me. We dance around and around, babbling and giggling like the children we once so happily were. We go on and on for a few minutes. Then slowly the music stops. After a final twirl, she lets me go. She smiles at me and I smile back gladly. She leans down and kisses my forehead gently, then steps back and bows lightly. She turns and walks behind the curtains of the stage and into the shadows. I wait for a second, thinking she'll come back, but she doesn't. \"Emily?\" I call over and over again. I panic and run after her. As I sweep the thick velvety red curtains aside with my hand, I hear a scream. Her screams. I look down at the familiar dampness on my hands from where I touched the curtains. My fingers are saturated in fresh, thick blood. I run into the darkness, and it absorbs me. I awake screaming with a start. I haven't seen sweet pea at all today yet. We are formed into lines and led through gates and down stairs to the auditorium. It's where most time in the day is spent. DR. Gorski's polish therapy goes on for hours at a time. I hear the stories of many, but am touched by few. Many are incoherent. Others have blocked the trauma completely from their minds. And a few who know what really happened to them refuse to say at all. One girl in particular I have acquainted myself with. Olive is pale, with dark green eyes and short strawberry blond hair and is of small stature. I'm not quite sure why she's in here, but she does seem a bit quirky. She seemed so happy all the time. In such a place like this? She must be mad. Just as I thought about it, she stood and walked over to me. I jerked my hair down and allowed it to shield my face as much as possible. \"Hello, I heard you from over there you know.\" I peeked out from my layers of hair. \"I didn't say anything though…\" I squeaked quietly. \"Oh I know, and you didn't need to either. I see you have a visitor, or maybe, a friend?\" I looked around, no one was near me. \"I don't know what you're talking about, there isn't anyone near.\" \"There's a girl standing right next to you. Can't you see her?\" I shook my head. \"No, what does she looked like?\" \"Oh, she's very pretty Alice,\" I looked around in confusion. \"Oh just gorgeous with her dress and pigtails twirled all neat, and her cheeks are so rosy and go nicely with her eyes, such a pretty brown!\" She finished with her bubbly, Psycho-happy voice. \"How do you not see her, she's so close! She has her hand resting on your shoulder, just there.\" She tapped my right shoulder lightly with her long fingers. I felt the shoulder of my shirt move just then, my shoulder growing cold. It sent a chill down my spine that shattered my nerves. I couldn't help but jump from my seat. \"Oh, and Alice? She left a little present for you, she says look to the stairs.\" She pointed lightly to the railing of the stairs. I walked over there slowly with searching eyes. I didn't see anything. I started to turn, to go back down the railing when I saw it. It was the cloth I had torn from the hem of my dress accidently. It was my dream last night, but there's no way… I turned back to Olive and rushed to her, placing the cloth in her hand. \"Is this it? Is this the gift?\" Olive smiles and nods and leans her head back towards the stage. I look and gasp as I realize what the proof could be. \"The radio?\" \"Mhm.\" She squeaks back. I dart onto the stage again, not even bothering to use the stairs and half- crawl to the radio. I turn it on and that song is playing. The same song as my dream! I turn back to Olive, my face ecstatic. \"Olive! You were right!\" I paused for a second, figuring the possibility. \"The question is, how do you know all of this?\" As if she had explained it many times, she paused, lacking the need to think, she stated quickly,\" Just like you I see people… except that the people I see are…not exactly living.\" I freeze, taking it all in, trying to solve an illogical, yet somehow possible problem. If she could see Emily, then she was dead. I saw her though, after that injection put me out, sort of. How did that happen? How did she die? \"Why did she die?\" I whispered in horror. Olive looked incoherently at an empty space for a moment, then spoke. \"She says that after everything happened, she desperately tried to locate her memories, trying to pick up the pieces and fill in the blanks. She remembered nothing. Then, one day when she was standing by a window on the 12th floor, someone pushed her.\" Olive held her hands up, like she was trying to shield something from herself. \"Stop,\" She gasped. \"Don't think about it so hard. It hurts!\" Olive collapsed to the floor with a shriek. Her limbs sprawled out as she writhed in pain on the ground. \"Olive!\" I yelped. I landed next to her and tried to hold her upright. Her back arched, trying to escape the floor. Her arms flailed wildly. Just then, workers came over and stood her up. They hauled her past the table over to the gate. One pulled out a syringe and injected her with medicine. Her body went limp after a moment, but her eyes were still wild with fear. They carried her out of the room. I sat back down and buried my face in my hands. My thoughts swirled in frustration. I feel as if my mind is trying to smother me. The words pounding against my skull, my secrets choking me, begging to come out. I need to calm down or else I'll get sent back to my room again. Or I can get put out… That gave me an idea. I stood slowly, finishing my thoughts. I let my psychotic laughter bubble out in madness. I swooped my left leg under the table, flipping it over rather easily. I threw a chair across the table next to me. Might as well let my frustrations out while I'm at it. I slammed my leg into another chair, breaking a leg off of it. I threw the remaining shards of wood across the room. I heard people rushing down the stairs, probably to get me. I turned to the curtains dangling off the stage. I started to rip them down violently, remembering the feeling of blood dripping from them onto my hand. I heard shrieks of surprise and fear at my tantrum behind me. I felt hands dragging me backwards. I fought harder this time, twisting and turning to escape their grasps. I shrieked angrily, swinging my arm frantically, hitting someone in the chest. If they thought I was sane, that idea is probably gone now. My plan had succeeded and I was surely going to get a fair dose of whatever it was that pulled me under last time. I let them inject me and I slipped into my unconscious life, and wandered into the darkness. There she was again. In those same clothes, that same hair, that same cold skin, and that same warm smile to meet me. I felt my bed beneath me and I heard my door close, but it didn't lock. There were what I thought was cool fingers around my wrist. My eyes fluttered open, and what held me there wasn't as nice as I thought. I was restrained by a worn brown leather cuff attaching my left hand to the bed post. I tugged on it. There was a chain attached to the cuff that was bound to the floor. Not a problem for me though. I reached under my side table and felt for the small thin blade. I felt metal and I tore it out from beneath and started sawing at the cuff. After a minute, the remainder of the material broke. I sat up, my hair ruffled slightly. I slipped on my shoes and headed back down to the auditorium. I crept quietly through the halls, each gate unlocked, just like before. Everywhere was empty, it was so strange not having to worry about getting dragged back to my room. In the midst of my thoughts I heard a scream. It was unfamiliar this time. I ran as fast as my feet could carry me to the auditorium, almost tumbling down four flights of stairs on the way. There was silence as I slammed into the last gate. I looked, not a soul to be found. I heard faint shrieking for afar. It was coming from the basement. I darted to the opposite side of the room to the left of the stage. I heard the wailing echoes coming from far below. I leapt down over the railing, not bothering to use the stairs. I jumped two flights at a time until I reached the underground base floor. I looked as far down the hall as possible. It's an absolute maze, I will never find anyone down here. In the middle of my frustrations, someone taps on my shoulder. I whirl around, lifting my arms to shield myself, but she catches my arm in her cool grasp. Emily, for once, has no smile on her face. Her face is cold, and worried, and it scares me. She brushes my face and with her other hand, points down and motions to the right. \"But I don't know!\" I half yelp in frustration. She takes my hand and we rush down the hallways. The unforgiving Twists and turns frazzle my nerves. We come to a dank, dimly lit boiler room. She stops and points to the entrance. I walk cautiously through the door to find a bloody scene. \"Sweet pea!\" I gasp, shocked and scared out of my wits. She is kneeling in a pool of blood, clutching at her chest. I can't move at first, I'm frozen to the floor with shock, and fear. My legs stumble forward and my arms automatically reach out to her, clutching at her arms to try to pull her to me. She lifts her hands out of the crimson pool and stumbles to me. Her hands have a death grip on my waist and my open wound burns deeply. \"Alice…\" She gasps for air, but chokes on it. She says in between rasping breathes, \"He… he shot me! I'm dying, Alice! Help me!\" I drag her over to the corner and hold her head in my arms. \"Emily, what can I do? Help me save her.\" Emily looked at me with grave eyes. \"She cannot be saved from death. Look at her wound. It's not there anymore, but she will always feel the pain, and bear the scars. Take me for example: I will always feel as if I'm falling into oblivion, but I can never catch myself. She is here because she's gone. All I can say little sister, is to be careful… and stay away from Kyle. Your about to leave now. The medicine is wearing off. You shouldn't come back. Leave this place and leave us behind. I love you.\" \"Wait! I-\"Just then, the light faded. I stumbled around in the dark, to the ice cold concrete wall. I felt along it, going for the door, and I moved slowly, tracing the tiny broken cracks. The walls became softer, almost like blankets. I leaned against the wall and squeezed my tired eyes shut, trying to lessen the stinging in them. I opened them, and I was tossed over in my bed again. I sat straight up and looked to the floor on my left side. The leather cuff was ripped open, and my door was cracked open as well. I marveled at this strange new world I, myself have discovered entry into. And then I realized: I was utterly, and despairingly, alone. I flung myself out of my bed and darted down the hall. I need Olive to give me answers. My mind was flushed with my new reality of isolation in the midst of madness. I headed to room 51 on the left wing past the front office. The lady at the desk was propped up on the desk top, talking on the phone. I crouched down as much as possible and edged my way across the front of the desk. I saw a small pebble under the rug. I picked it up and aimed it down the hallway into a glass door to an office. I took careful aim, and fired. It made a sharp clink on the door, cracking the glass and ricocheting off the door and into a wall before bouncing a few feet down the hallway and landing on the white tile floor. The woman looked up and strained to see around the corner. This is my chance. I scampered as quiet as possible to the other side of the desk, and scrambled around the corner. I edged along the wall down the narrow hallway. \"48, 49, 50, 51.\" I whispered to myself until I faced a windowless door with the number \"51\" numbered at the top. I took my pocket knife hidden in my sleeve and began to pick the small lock on the door. I am halfway done when I hear footsteps clambering down the hallway. I peek around the corner to see a male orderly in a grey uniform strolling lightly down the hallway. Night watch I assume. I fumble with the lock in a rush, wiggling it as fast as I can. Only the night lights are on so it's reasonably dark. I squint to see. I hear the last tumbler click and the door creaks open. I dart inside and close the door more loudly than I intended to. I hide behind the door, waiting for someone to come in. The door opens and the man leans into the room. The door is pressing against me, and my bandaged stomach. I muffle a yelp as it presses down on my torso. Olive, sound asleep, tosses and turns at the racket, but doesn't wake. The man slowly closes and locks the door. I guess I'll be spending the night here, I doubt I'll manage another escape like that. I stumble over to the bed and shake her until she peeks out of her lashes at me. \"God… Alice. What are you doing here?\" \"I need answers. I got injected purposely after you left and I can travel freely among the entire facility. I know sweet pea is dead. Kyle shot her, but I don't know why. Why does this drug affect me so? And why can't I control when I leave and enter? Oh, and why are they in constant pain?\" She wiped her eyes and sat up. \"It's very complex. But I'll let your sister explain…\" She paused, listening. \"She says that sweet pea was killed because of Sweet pea's connection to her. She is part of the reason why things happened the way they did. They are in pain because they must remain constantly by their pain of death. Sweet pea will always feel that hole in her chest, even though there is none, and Emily will always feel like she's falling. It's a feeling they will never escape. It's like you and me with our memories. We have to bear them and will never forget no matter how hard we try. She feels almost lucky to be forced to forget everything that occurred in her life, but she was sad because she didn't remember you. I don't know why you can do this, but I see it as a gift. Your sister, however, holds it as a curse. She doesn't want you to have to see that world. She wants you to leave here and live a safe life. She says that the more medicine you take, the longer you'll be stuck there, so don't take too much.\" I thought for a minute. If I take enough, I can stay longer than before. I can have more time to figure everything out. If Kyle killed Sweet pea because of Emily, then what if he killed Emily herself? \"I cannot solve anything while she pushes me out of her world, but she should know I'm not going anywhere until it's over. And…I'm on my own now. I can't leave on my own I have no plan. Come morning I will throw such a fit they must give me more medicine, don't try to stop me.\" I said nothing else and curled up in the corner behind the door. I tucked my knees into my chest, my barely healing wound complaining strongly. I laid my head on my knees and drifted into a very uncomfortable sleep. My eyes snapped open in shock as the door slammed into my shins, knocking them against me. \"Time for rec.\" I heard a man say coldly. He was turned towards the dresser, facing away from the door. I darted out the door, scrambling to the end of the hallway, tripping over my own feet as I went. I raced into the corridor, where a line of girls were walking. I slammed into one of them, and I heard hisses and complaints of retaliation. I say nothing, and follow obediently down to the last dingy hallway. I peek into the holes of the rusty gate at the end. It buzzed open and I peer across from me into the dank basement below. Then the doors slam shut. Kyle stands there with two others, placing a large padlock and chain around the door handles. I Become angry, then infuriated. What if he did really kill my sister? What if he pushed her out of that window? He has taken the only thing I had left to live for, the only person that ever cared for me. I know he killed sweet pea, and that is more than enough for me. He is trying to hide from the world what he has done, but I know all too well the truth. I am enraged. My shaking hands are curled in around my twitching fingers and my jaw clenches tightly. I explode and charge. I slam into Kyle like clouds in a storm, and we crash to the floor, a sound of thunder. I growl through my bared teeth like a lion attacking its prey. I scramble onto him and pin his forearms down with my knees. I wrap my long fingers around his throat and squeeze so hard I fear my fingers will snap. \"You monster!\" I bellow, as my screams shake my own chest. I hear cries echo around me. Not of fear, but of encouragement. I let the cries of encore motivate my adrenaline. I don't let go, but hold a death grip on him twisting my fingers and letting my claws dig into his neck. It has only lasted a few moments, yet he starts to turn blue. I let my fingernails press down as hard as possible. I feel the skin break, rather easily, and blood runs down his neck, and drips like a leaking faucet onto the tile floor. Someone grabs me by my hair and pulls. I yelp, but don't let go, instead I tighten my hold on him and watch his face slowly change to purple. He desperately tries to lift his arms, but it simply won't work while my entire weight is on them. I let my laughter bubble into the dense air, laughing at the turmoil and uprising I provoke. I feel thick, large hands dragging me backwards. I topple over, forced to release my hold on his arms. He sits up and chokes, and I smile as I am dragged farther backwards. I start to twist my arms around feverishly, breaking the hold of my right arm. I scoot up and stand. I reach my sleeve and pull out my pocket knife. I stab it into the man's arm, and he releases his grip. One of them picks me up from behind by my waist. I elbow him in the face and he cries out, but doesn't break his grasp on me. The other holds his arm to his chest. \"You little bitch!\" He growls. He slaps me across the face, scratching my cheek. I swing my legs out, breaking the man's grip, and I slam to the ground. The pain ripples through my knees and I cry out. \"Aww have you lost your fight now girl?\" I look up, and wipe the fresh blood from my lips and show them a smile. \"No,\" I say in an innocent voice,\" I just found it.\" I jump off the ground and climb up the man in front of me. I cling to his face and rake my claws down his cheeks. His skin comes off under my finger nails. He throws me off and I land on the ground again, my head bashing against the hard floor. Someone steps on my hair before I can get up, I look above me to see Kyle. One climbs on top of me and pins my arms down. I feel a sharp stab in my arm, and I wince. I fight the medicine for a minute. I smile and spit at the man on top of me. \"That medicine doesn't work you moronic skeez!\" I feel a sharp stab in my upper arm for a second time. I fight to keep awake, but I can't. I close my eyes, and feel the pinching of my head as I am drug down the hallway by my hair. I Wake up in a closet. Why am I not in my room? I see the doorknob move violently. I gasp and back into the corner, knocking some brooms and a mop over. I see myself, back in that closet again. I tuck my knees into myself. I bury my head in my hands, and cry silently. Someone opens the door. I squeeze into my ball tighter and scream. A pair of cold hands yank me up. I yell and thrash against their hold. \"Alice! Alice it's ok! You're here with us.\" I look up to see Emily and Sweet pea staring at me, shocked. \"What have you done?\" I looked at my bloody fingers in thought.\" I need to know… tell me, did Kyle push you out of that window?\" She looked at the ground for a long time and said nothing. My voice grew loud in anger. \"Did he?\" \"Yes. He did.\" She answered in a cold, almost nonchalant voice. \"And I told you, leave this place and don't ever look back, not for anyone here, not even Olive. Why don't you listen to me?\" I broke from my shock and shot straight into my rage again. \"Why? Because that man has taken everything from me and he does not even know who I am! He has murdered innocent people and my sister! As if that is not enough! He is nothing more than a common criminal, yet he is a demonic being straight from hell, and I have only ever spoken to him once to know he is a chaotic, sickening monster, and I hate him for it! The day he dies is the day souls will be set free, and his will be set aflame once again. And maybe, millions of years from now, he may finally reach the level of excruciating, horrific pain and damage that he has inflicted upon our family and so many others. We weren't the beginning and we certainly won't be the end of his slaughter.\" She was quiet for a long time. \"That isn't something I can protest, but it is still dangerous to try and kill him yourself. You need help, but no one can assist you on this so I don't see how… You know what, we can talk about this later. We have so much more important matters at hand. I have somewhat good news for us, especially Sweet pea. Sweet pea looked at Emily and they smiled at each other. \"Last night, while you slept I was in the basement. I went to the right at the end of the first hallway and found a locked and bolted room. I broke it open and I found three other souls down there.\" Sweet pea stared at Emily in disbelief. \"You can't be serious! You found them?!\" \"Yeah! Now we are together, all of us! Could you imagine it possible?\" \"Wait hold on- who did you find?\" \"I found Amber, Blondie, and Rocket. I found where they were buried and they seemed to have stayed there for the entire time. Rocket doesn't know you're here…\" She turned to sweet pea and took her hands and gently squeezed them. \"You should go to her. You have waited so long for happiness, you should never again delay. She's downstairs in the basement. Take the long corridor and go left, ok? Go, love.\" She hugged sweet pea and sent her away with an encouraging push. Sweet pea ran down the musty hallway and into the pit of darkness below. Emily then turned to me and hugged me tightly. \"I am so proud of you, you know? No one came back for me, but you did. I love you so much Alice.\" I buried my face into her curls and smiled against her shoulder. \"I know.\" I laughed jokingly. I looked up at her seriously. \" But what am I going to do? And when he dies, he will come here, and try to hurt you. It's dangerous for you then, not just me.\" \"We must kill his earthbound soul in the exact same way he dies as a human, or he won't stay gone, and then we set fire to the vessel to be sure.\" I looked at her with pooling eyes. \"Emily? What will happen when it's all over and I have to wake up? What will happen to me? I will either die painfully or be locked away somewhere. I cannot escape there's no one to help me.\" My voice grew panicked with fear and I huffed out a breath of air to set my mind straight. Emily's eyes watered as she spoke. \"I didn't want to offer this to you. I want you to live… but that will be no kind of life after this is over. I want you to get 13 to 17 separate syringes full of your medicine… and I want you to lock yourself in the room behind the front office, that's blue's old office. You must inject all of the medicine, and then you will be free.\" Her eyes swam with the disgust of her suggestion. She didn't want this for me, but there wasn't any choice. This had to end with us. \"Where do I find the medicine?\" \"You will find it in that dark cabinet behind his desk. Only Kyle has the key, it is a master key to unlock everything in the office so no worries there. God I hate this! I hate being trapped like this! Where there is nowhere left to turn to… wait! That can be our last resort. Maybe it doesn't have to be that way. Talk to Olive, and ask her to help you. She would help I believe. We'll meet again then and make a plan, ok?\" I jerked my head once at her. She bent down and kissed the top of my head. \"Let's go meet the girls, I bet you guys will get along perfectly. Especially with rocket.\" She smiled to herself as she led me down that long corridor. We turned left and walked down another hallway where dim light peering in from a window lit the hall. We took a last sharp turn left and came to a small door with a window of broken bars. I couldn't see in, the window was too far up for any sort of view. Emily put her shoulder into the door and pushed. The door popped open and we stumbled inside. It was terribly dark inside. Sweet pea was huddled into the far left corner on an old worn mattress, clinging feverishly to a girl who I knew instantly was rocket. They were almost twins it seemed. Rocket had short strawberry blond pixie cut hair that was ruffled at the top. Her eyes were a dark green with complimentary flushed skin to match sweet peas. She looked maybe 16 and had a childlike tone to her. The murky, dusty room was lit only by a lantern sitting on a dark, rotten wood table. Surrounding the table on either side was two other girls with Emily. They stared at me cautiously. \"Alice, this is Amber and Blondie,\" She interjected into the silence and pointed to one with dark brooding eyes and dark wavy hair with tan skin to match. She then motioned to the other girl. She seemed sadder. She had black hair held back with a headband and dark blue eyes. They all wore similar, somewhat tattered tactical clothes. \"This is your sister?\" Amber asked. \"Yes, she's just under 13, think how much damage she did to Kyle!\" They all giggled lightly and I couldn't help but smile back. \"Alice, have you met-\"\"Rocket.\" I interrupted. Rocket looked up, seemingly unaware of the conversation. She stood up slowly, tugging her sister along with her, unwilling to let go. \"Wow you guys look so alike.\" Rocket said smiling shyly. \"Please. Have you guys looked in the mirror lately?\" I responded jokingly. \"Hey we have to get back to the plan.\" Emily interjected. I sit in the corner while I hear them reexamining the details of the plan. \"Hey,\" rocket whispers. \"So what do you think? About all of this I mean. It must be so hard for you, being so young and all. Facing such a decision like this, life and death you know. I can hardly cope myself.\" I winced at her words as I thought up my answer.\" Well, it really isn't as hard as it seems to be, to me at least. It's rather simple. I have no one left in that place, and everyone I love is here. Once it's all done, we can be free, but it has to end with me. Can't you see that death is a release, not a doomed fate?\" Rocket grimaced at my suggestion. \"If only it were that simple…\" We said nothing more for a while. My eyes started to get heavy and I was getting pulled under. \"Emily! The medicine… It's… wearing off.\" I said, fighting to keep my eyes open. She ran over to me and shook me roughly. \"Ok, remember what we planned. Ask Olive, she will help you. You will come straight here if you get back ok?\" I started drifting again. \"Hey! Come on! Stay with me Alice. There is a knife hidden in the padding of your room. I put it there. Find it and use it. I pray that I don't see you again until many years from now. I love you.\" My vision faded and I slipped under permanently, and I awake in that same closet, burned to ashes. I struggle to my knees, then stumble and fall onto my side. A blood curdling scream breaks across my lips as all my weight forces my own blade deeper into my side. Blood pours out of my newest wound and puddles on the floor and even soaks into my top, the scarlet blotch growing steadily across my ragged shirt. I pull over onto my back, clenching my teeth so hard I feel they might crush together. Even then I let out muffled cries through my teeth. I feel the broken blade and slowly reach down and grab the tip. I pull the blade out, slowly scratching my flesh, making the wound bigger by an inch. I finally remove it and throw it as far away as I can. I try to breathe in deeply as I tie a piece of cloth around my waist and press it against my wound. I lay my head back and feel the stinging on my scalp. I reach up and lightly feel the top of my head. My scalp burns mercilessly and I yank my hand away. I pull myself up, my hands clinging to the shelf above me. I stand and struggle to maintain my balance as my fingers rake the soot covered walls as I tumble out the door. I look around, trying to figure out where I'm at. I see a window and I limp towards it. My side aches and throbs against my arm. My head stings so painfully I start to cry. I silently beg for the pain to cease, but it doesn't. I burst into tears and sobs echo despairingly through the hall. I see the ground far below through the barred window. I am high up above the gates of the asylum, but the dark clouds still linger even higher. I begin to turn and see a figure in my peripheral vision. It's Kyle. He walks towards me slowly, like a hunter stalking his prey. \"Well, you're up a little early then aren't you? Sorry about the closet, there was nowhere else to stick you so that you wouldn't be found, or heard.\" I began to back away slowly down the hall, keeping the pace as to maintain distance. \"What do you mean? Why?\" I asked in a calm, sweet voice. He smirked at my words and waved his hand, dismissing my reply. \"Oh don't think I don't know who you are Alice. I know who you came in with and who your sister is and don't think I'm not going to kill you because I will, I assure you that. Just like I killed your sister and that ignorant little girl who brought you here. Sweet pea, you call her. She was stupid enough to give us her real name. As if we didn't have her file on hand here still.\" Before I could hear anymore he quickened his pace and charged after me. I turned and ran desperately, ignoring the excruciating pounding of my flesh against my ribs. He lunged for me, and I tried to dodge him but I couldn't. He wrapped his arms around my ankle and I jolted forward. I slammed to the ground hard, smacking the side of my face on the concrete. My head screamed mercilessly as I struggled to crawl to the edge of the entrance to the closet. I latched onto the edge, but he yanked me backwards. I flipped over to face him and I struck him in the face, drawing blood from his lips. He pinned my arms down with his knees, more on my right than on my left. He wrapped his fingers around my throat and squeezed. \"Now I remember this being a little different turn out the last go- around huh, kid?\" He teased relentlessly as his nails dug into my trachea. \"You know, I think this will have a good ending, last time it was good too, but it gets even better now because there is no one here to stop us.\" My lungs burned violently and I looked around for something or someone, anything to help me. I saw the bloody blade I ricochet across the room. My arms start to tingle and go numb under his weight. I slid my left arm out from under his leg. I inched my hand across the floor. My eyes dart back and forth between my killer and the only weapon that can save me. My fingers reach the blade and I feel my now cold, drying blood on my fingers as I grip it in my palm. I pull my arm back and jab it directly into his right leg. He lets go of my arm as he yelps in shock. I should end this now, so I aim for his throat and slice across his skin, but I catch his jaw instead, cutting all the way through his flesh. He grabs his face as blood and saliva starts to pour out. I struggle to get his other leg off of my arm as his blood drips down the side of my face and neck. I finally yank it out of his grip and shove him as hard as I can, away from me. I crawl away desperately as I hear obscenities and cursing not far behind me. I crawl around the corner to the elevator and scramble inside. I reach up on my knees and start pushing buttons, any button will do, as long as I get out of here. I see him round the corner as he stumbles after me. I panic as he draws closer, only feet away now. I press against the side of the elevator as I pound against the buttons on the panel. I hear the elevator ding and begin to close all too slowly. He reaches for the cold metal doors, but the doors shut and he bangs on the door I move downwards, yelling angrily and speaking incoherent things. I sigh in relief and lean against the back wall. The elevator stops and opens on the tenth floor, then closes again. A moment later it stops at the ninth floor, then the eighth and finally the seventh. I hop out and dart down the hallways and it is so quiet that I hear my own blood dripping slowly on the floor. I duck into my room and start feeling along the padded panels in my room. In the third wall I find a small tear in the cushion and reach inside. I feel cold, smooth metal and I softly edge it out. It is a large kitchen knife, about ten inches long. I look quickly in panic at the door and realize the potential danger, it must be the first place he'll look. I dart to the door and shut it quickly and push myself and all my weight against it. I look around and think. I quickly put into action the only plan I can think of. I grab a metal chair bolted to the floor and yank as hard as I can with what little strength I have left. The chair creaks, but doesn't break its grip to the tile. Screws pop out of the ground slowly as its resistance fades. Finally the chair releases its hold from the floor and I pry it up, popping the last of the screws as I hear them clatter to the floor. I rush back to the door and set the chair against the knob. I hear a deep voice screaming faintly not far away and I jump and shiver involuntarily. I back away from the door, forcing my frozen legs to move. I take the sizeable, but light desk and push it to the middle of the room, just above the light. I take my small lamp and take out the light bulb and crush it beneath my feet just outside the door, scattering the spikey shards around the entrance. I climb upon the table top and stretch upwards. I unscrew the light bulbs and hop down lightly from the table. I take the bottom of my lamp, and crush them also near the door. It is pitch black as I fumble around as I ram the table against the door, careful not to cut myself. I feel my way to the small washroom, clutching my newest weapon protectively against me. I turn on the lights and immediately twist them out of their sockets. I throw all three at the door and I hear the glass clatter to the floor. I can only pray that my barricade holds as I feel along the sink for a hair tie. I brush my hair back lightly, my bruised scalp pounds against my skull and I wince at my own touch. My ribs are sore and my neck is badly bruised, making it painful even to breath. I pull the strands of my hair behind my ear, my dark hair pulled back in a tight bun, clinging to my head. I feel my way into the small shower. I step in and close the sliding door behind me. I take a small piece of rope from my pocket and tie the door to the latch. I lean against the far wall and patiently wait. About 3 minutes of silence, I hear pounding fists against my door. I shrink back, into the shadows and cling desperately to the knife. I hear the door break, and I quietly panic. My heart flutters as I hear the table screech against the tile floor. I imagine him and others shoving away at the door. They will eventually get in and I will die slowly and full of torment, I'm certain of it. I hear the chair crack and splinter and the table screeches for a final time. I let tears roll silently down my flushed cheeks. I hear the door burst open and I gasp involuntarily and hold the knife handle tightly. Heavy footsteps shake the floor. The transparent glass door rumbles with each vibration through the room as they draw closer. I drop to my knees and flip over on my back. I feel like if I play dead, they may not hurt me so quickly. I lay on my left side, facing towards the wall. I slow my breathing and close my eyes. I hear them open the door and I let my body go limp. Heavy footsteps clamber in, two or three men I guess. I hear them shake the door and my heart jumps into my throat. After a minute, they give up and rip the door from its track. I shudder as one places a much too hot hand on my shoulder. He rolls me on my back and I stop breathing completely. \"She's passed out I think, Mr. Jones wants her in his office ASAP.\" \"What's he want with her do you think?\" \"Probably what he wanted with that nurse he brought in. I almost feel sorry for the girl, almost.\" Without another word, one lifted me up by my shirt collar and dragged me out of the shower. He carries me out of the bathroom and through the room entrance, jostling me as he crunches through the broken glass. We step into the elevator down the hall, and soon arrive at the first floor. I peek through my lashes as the door beeps and slides open. Now or never I decide. I thrust myself out of his arms and cling to my knife as I slash it across his chest. I hit directly and he falls to the ground. I whirl around to the other man walking ahead. I run and jump onto his back. I slide the knife in front of his neck and press down. I squeeze my eyes shut and slide it across the man's throat. I hear the blood splatter to the floor and I cringe. The man drops to the floor and I jump off his back. I turn away as I jog past him, I gag at the feeling I have, and I cannot describe the guilt I feel. I can only pray that I will not be cast down for the things I must do for justice. I silently hope that the presence of my conscience and my remorse for my actions will do me good when the time comes. The lights are dim and the first floor is dark and grim. I shudder as I tip toe behind the desk. I slowly let the heavy mahogany door slide open. No one is in there, I must have beaten him here. I close and lock the door quickly and bolt to the desk. Forget the locks, I pull out a wire clip from my rolled up sleeve and force it into the keyhole. I fumble around for a minute before hearing a tiny click. I yank the drawer open and rummage around. I pull back a stack of papers and find the medication. I also find a small revolver, loaded. I grab the gun and turn the safety off. I put my knife in my stocking for later use. I dump out a small grocery bag of its contents and shove all of the capped syringes in. I tie the bag and hold it to my side tightly. I walk over to the door and slowly unlock it. I begin to peer out through the crack in the door. The door crashes open before me, knocking me violently backwards and knocking the breath from me. I landed three feet from the door, squirming backwards feverishly while gasping rapidly to keep air in my aching lungs. I dragged myself backwards until I felt the cool embrace of the desk against my back. The gun landed not far from me. I forced my numbed legs to move. I crawled forward and reached quickly for the handle. It was just within my grasp when i felt a devastating kick to my ribs. I let out a bone chilling scream and toppled over, pushing the gun behind the desk. He picked me up by the collar of my top and threw me backwards. My head slammed against the corner of the desk. I fell behind the desk, my vision covered in black spots. I felt liquid rolling down my scalp and I peeked through my lashes to see the corner dripping red with skin and hair and blood. The gun was right beside me. I picked it up and pulled the hammer back. I squeezed the trigger and the gun let out a pop. I hit him in the shoulder, blood seeping out onto him as crimson bloomed on his jacket. I fired another shot, hitting his sternum. The blow knocked him back, and he stumbled, until finally finding himself on the floor. His eyes fluttered as he hissed the words from between his clenched teeth.\" You are going to pay for it all, no matter what you do you little brat, you're going to pay for all this. You can never live, never.\" \"That's not my intention to live. I'm happy either way. You on the other hand are going straight to hell! And I promise I'll be the one to put you there.\" He grumbled as I inched my way across the floor to the bag of syringes. I ripped it open and they rolled out of the tear and tapped unevenly as they sprawled across the floor. I grabbed the first one and uncapped the needle. I took a breath and plunged it into my arm. I winced at the sting it brought. I yanked it out and tossed it across the floor. I picked up another, and another, until I'd injected a total of seventeen into my system. My vision blurred quickly and I start to fade. I won't make it out even if I never touched the medicine. I feel the warm blood dripping down my back and onto the floor, droplets bouncing rhythmically into the existing pool of crimson. I have lost so much blood that I can no longer move. My arms and legs are freezing as the chilling breath of finality courses across my limp vessel of a body. I am dying, even I see this. I pick up the gun again and aim it at Kyle's unconscious head. I pull back the hammer for a final time and pull the trigger. His body jolts with the shock, and finality takes its course with him, only more quickly. I could hold out, but I really don't want to. I sigh and enter unresisting into deaths waiting hands. Death. I thought it would be bland and void of feeling. No, it is much the opposite. They say that you have five minutes of brain activity left after you die. This much is true it seems. Everything is black, but rather comforting at this point. My own heartbeat is pounding in my ears. A slow, calm heartbeat, pulsing through my body. It is rapid, but gradually slows. Crawling to its finality, the beating finally halts, and all is silent. The feeling of a chilling body is the most intense of it all. It's as if you've had the heat of the sun sweltering, and trapped inside of you for all of your existence. Suddenly, it is released as the angel of deaths gentle embrace cools your inflamed soul. That sickness that you had all of your life, the feeling you get when you're alone, that something is missing, that you're not meant to be. It ceases and never returns. Death is sheer comfort. Death is release. ","Summary":" It had been maybe a month since I saw my sister. How I wish she knew I was still here. I was only d"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Thots","Author":"Vicious Cerberus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12507513","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thots The explosion was immense, causing debris to scatter about for miles in every direction. \"Rocket!\" Babydoll screamed as she sunk to the floor of the helicopter, a deafening wail left her throat as her friend, and lover seemed to disappear in a bright ball of orange and yellow fire. She screamed like a banshee, her heart feeling like it was broken glass in her chest, every breath cutting her insides open more and more. Sweet Pea came over to her and tried to console her by smoothing her hair and whispering sweet nothings into her ear, but she would have none of it and shoved the blonde sister of her now deceased girl away. Sweet Pea stood and turned from her. \"She was my sister, not yours Babydoll…\" the leader of their troupe heard her loud and clear, then again she didn't know of Rocket and Babydoll's secretive relationship. \"You…you fucking bitch!\" the pigtailed girl stood out of her stupor and pressed the bigger girl against the side of the chopper, placing her sword against the clueless woman's neck. \"What the hell are you two doing?\" Blondie asked caught between their leader and Sweet Pea. \"Just calm down, Rocket was…the best of us and now she's gone. There's nothing we can do abou…\" \"Yes there was,\" Babydoll cried tears running freely down her face, though her eyes burned holes into Sweet Pea. \"She could've let Rocket go and died herself, that I would've been able to deal with…now…mmm…myy Rocket…\" She glanced at Blondie who nodded, everyone except for Sweet Pea, the dearly departed's own sister, had no idea. \"What do you mean YOUR Rocket?\" The older girl inquired struggling around the blade at her throat. Babydoll turned back to her, eyes slits as she pondered upon telling her. \"Ever since I got to the house, me and her were closer than two sisters could ever get. DO. YOU. UNDERSTAND?\" With every word the steel Asian weapon dug into the soft flesh of Rocket's sister. \"Oh my God?! I…I'm so blind. Forgive me…please Babydoll I had no idea!\" She squeaked out. The pigtailed girl had started to draw a fine line of blood from her as she begged. \"She never wanted to disappoint her big sister by showing her she cared for another woman, and she died with that secret. Well now you know her and I made love after everyone was asleep, but no more, and it's all because of you!\" Blood had started to run down the sword in a fine line as Babydoll went from saddened to angry. \"Ssshee said dooonn't be mad,\" Sweet Pea struggled to keep her composure, but her sister just died and now Rocket's lover was almost over the edge of never coming back. \"…what?\" Babydoll leaned in closer to the older girl's mouth, and placed her ear near her mouth. \"Rocket's last words were 'don't be mad'\" the blonde girl whispered. \"I think they were for you Babydoll…\" \"Rocket…\" Babydoll released her prisoner and dropped her sword before she curled up in a ball and began to sob. Blondie quickly rushed to Sweet Pea who held up a hand to keep her at bay. \"I…I am sorry Babydoll, we both lost someone we loved today and I have no idea why she did what she did, but we've got everything except the key…I can't say it's worth it but she gave her life so we could better ours and I'll remember her for it.\" She spoke softly and curled her arms around her sister's lover tightly until she felt the embrace returned and she too wept. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV So what ya think I really didn't spend much time on it but it came out better than I thought it would. Signed, Vicious Cerberus ","Summary":" Thots The explosion was immense, causing debris to scatter about for miles in every direction. \"Ro"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Nightmares","Author":"DefyTheRules","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9206327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sweet Pea POV I hear my name being called, and I feel someone's hands on me, shaking me. My eyes open, and I bolt straight up, scaring the person hovering over me. \"Sweet Pea, it's okay, everything is okay, I promise.\" Rocket's voice reaches my ears, and I immediately calm down. She wraps her arms around me, and presses a kiss to my forehead. I lean into her, and wait for my heart to stop pounding loudly in my ears. \"I'm here with you Sweet Pea. I will always be here for you, alright? Remember how when we were little, right after our parents met, and you always protected me whenever your father got drunk and angry? Well it's my turn now alright? Just let me keep you safe, even if I can only do it at night.\" She slides into my bed, and lays us both down. Her arms full encircle me now, and her breath is hot against my ear as she whispers stories to me from those rare good times in our childhoods, of times when my father was on a sober streak and would take us to do things as a family. Stories of before her mother decided that she wouldn't divorce my father, she would just screw other people under his roof, and was extra loud when she knew he was home, forcing him to take his anger out on us, or me specifically, if I could somehow get his attention away from Rocket, whom would transform into her mother at the times he was most angry and drunk. The next night was just as bad, and she was there again, slipping under my covers, keeping me safe, until she was forced to sneak back to her own bed a little before our wake up call. We had the same routine for years, ever since our second night in Lennox, the night that was the reason for my nightmares, the night Blue came for Rocket. It was our second night, and we had already been subjected to all of the horror stories about what the guys in charge did to us helpless girls. The others, Amber and Blondie, had said that the head orderly, Blue, would come fairly soon for us, and there was nothing we could do about it. Amber, having just gotten in, said that hopefully we would pass out after five minutes like she did. Blondie, having been here the longest, just said that we had to do it, and hope that it never happened again. So we were as prepared as we could be for what was to come. Blue came for her first, and I tried my normal tactics, the ones I had used on my father for years, but this time they failed. What ended up happening was one of the worst things I could imagine; I was locked in the closet for the first time, and forced to hear my Rocket's screams as they did God knows what to her. And I had to listen to it all knowing that whenever she got back to the room we shared with the other two girls, I wouldn't be there for her. I screamed with her. I screamed for her the whole time. Then, even after they were done with her, I still screamed. I screamed for two days straight, until I was released, and then it was my turn. Blue came to personally drag me down the hallway to his chamber. I made sure that it was not an easy trip for either of us. I kicked and fought against him as he drug me by the hair. Any chance I got to lash out and break something, I did, so by the time we got there I was already bloody. I grabbed on to every single door frame within my reach, and clung to them, forcing him to call for two more of his men to help him physically carry me. My outcome was the same as every other girl's, but I put up a fight, one that they didn't forget. I didn't black out, not like Amber and Rocket did, and I refused to scream as soon as they brought me into the room. I didn't make any noise, I couldn't give them the satisfaction. This is my third night since escaping from Lennox with Babydoll. Rocket lost her life protecting me. It was the first time she had been able to do so, and she told me that with a smile as I held her in my arms for the last time, her blood on my hands. They tore me from her before she was dead, and I screamed for her, and at her, telling her how much I loved her before they took me to the closet again. I felt the moment she died, and I realized that the screaming was useless now. My voice was gone. I still have the nightmares, but now I no longer wake up screaming. Instead an angel invades my dreams and holds me close, telling me that everything will be okay, and that she will always protect me, in both the light and the dark. So I'm writing a paper on Sucker Punch for one of my classes, and I have chosen to write about Rocket's death scene, and I kind of wanted to get back in touch with the characters. This is kind of what came out, sorry if it is kind of rambling, but I figured I would post it incase someone liked it. Please let me know what you think! ","Summary":" Sweet Pea POV I hear my name being called, and I feel someone's hands on me, shaking me. My eyes op"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Manofesto","Author":"Lucy Gore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12019152","Passage":"[Chapter 1] everyone has an angel, a guardian who watches over us. we cannot know what form it will take, one day an old man, the next day, a little girl… but don't let appearances fool you, they can be as fierce as any dragon. yet they are not here to fight our battles… but to whisper from our heart, reminding that its us… its every one of us who holds the power over the worlds we create…. every body's looking for something… Ever since that fateful night…i have been looking for a way to undo my mistakes… but life is filled with mistakes, just like it was a mistake that the cable to the radio (my gateway to another world) was damaged. it was a mistake to knock off the potatoes, that water in the barrel began to leak at the angle of the drain, the same angle where the broken cable was… and perhaps it was fate that one of the robots was still alive to deactivate the bomb… we can deny our angels exist, convince ourselves they can't be real.. but they show up anyway, at strange places and at strange times. they can speak through any character we can imagine, they'll shout through demons if they have to, daring us, challenging us to fight… Sweet pea glanced at Baby Doll with the same expression as when they had first met…her eyes filled with pain and regret. Blue was right when he spoke of the lobotomy, i don't remember my given name anymore. That name is long gone, i prefer baby doll now. I won't need to ever hear my name again, not until i find my sister; she will be the one to remind me of who i was. Until then, i am a fight, i am a reason to go on, i have a purpose; and i won't ever let anyone have me, not ever. No one can take this away from me. It all started at mount Mikasa, when the crows eye flashed a brief second and flew away. I felt my sister, in that split second. Her soul is somewhere, and I'm going to escape from here, and once i am free, i am going to free her as well. The man in a monks robes walks up to me, a proud smile on his lips. He claps his hands. \"Well done.\" he says, allowing a few seconds of a chuckle and for me to recover my breath. He then nudges his head in the direction of his now destroyed temple. \"Come this way, we've got business to take care of. You've got a team waiting for you.\" And that is how i met the girls. Each one of them adding a precious asset to the team. We all learned to work together, we grew close, in order to be free, we were going to need each other… i never knew that things would end up like this…and perhaps that was just faith as well. The greatest sacrifice, and the perfect victory…in the end, we were all set free. Sweat pea and i climbed the latter up to the chopper, the sound of the rotor blade spinning at a high velocity resounding as a blur in these seconds. the shock of the explosion in this far away land…the feeling of loss of a valuable teammate and friend. I look away from the devastating view below me and turn my attention in front of me to look at Sweet Pea. Captain holding her tightly as she sobs hysterically into his chest. The loss of her sister…a feeling i know so well. A few minutes pass in this heavy silence, the only sound being that of the batting of the rotor above us. No one says a word. Sweet Pea's cries drowned out by the mechanical noise. Abruptly, these painful cries stop, and Sweet Pea grows unusually still, her expression establishing a blank, lifeless look to it. \"What's happening,\" i question worriedly, leaning toward her, ready to help in any way i can. Amber turns back at me, wondering what the fuss was about. \"Is everything okay back there?\" captain nods at both of us. \"everything's fine. Sweet pea has fallen into a dormancy. the incredible loss of her sister in three different realities could be devastating to her soul, she is retreating into herself to blunt the impact.\" he states matter of fact. He looks to me to confirm my reaction, i nod to signal that i understood. As if it were a cue, a loud beeping sound proceeds to resonate somewhere from the front of the chopper, unnamed and i look toward Amber. \"Captain, i've got something on my radar, i don't know where its coming from, its confusing my coordinates!\" She states, a tone of worry peeking through her usually suave articulation. We look around us, hoping we may be able to spot whatever it is that was approaching us. Without any warning, a spray of bullets begin to pelt the metal confines of our copter. \"To our left!\" I cry into the mic by my mouth. \"On it!\" Amber replies, repositioning the wheel to fly us below the line of fire, At the same instant, captain takes a rifle from the gun rack and positions himself by the door, i look back to check Sweet Pea's condition, she was completely out. I shift my attention back to the problem at hand, taking out my .45. In a few seconds our attacker appears through the thick clouds, i look carefully to see Blue operating the machine gun shooting at us, his two companions steering the chopper. i open the door, aiming for the delicate rotor mast holding their ship in the air, theres no way we are going down without a fight. The combined punch of my .45 and captain's machine gun manages to blow out the mast. However, just as the enemy goes down, a powerful shattering of glass flies everywhere as the window to the cockpit bursts. blood spatters everywhere. \"NO!\" i scream as the helicopter abruptly jolts out of line as there was now no one to manage the controls. Several loud signals come to life, as if the machine itself knew just how wrong things had become. \"AMBER!\" i scream, but captain grabs my arm, i look back at his forever composed face. \"Do your mourning later, you've got other things to worry about.\" he stated, handing me what seemed like a parachute. \"You'll need this if you want to survive.\" Gaining speed, both heavy machinery's proceed to fall out of the thick lining of clouds. Once an object falls into an atmosphere, it is determined which world it will land in depending on it's coordinates. It is a concept similar to tuning into a radio. This, like all other worlds, was a distant land from the other realities where tragedy had just befallen the girls. A dress room filled with disturbed gasps and cries, a gunshot having been fired… a world oblivious to the compassion and determination to dream of freedom snuffed out like the flicker of a candle. In this strange land, was to be the battlefield to determine the outcome of this fight. Who would win? And in the end, who's story would be told? Still in the sky, Baby Doll and captain activate their parachutes, looking around the clear blue sky and the land below. baby doll holding sweat pea as she descended , softly landing before hitting the stone floor. What seemed to be ancient greek ruins melded into a large lake. Collapsed pillars peaking from the mirky mysteries of the water, a substantial stone platform littered with broken statues and empty, ruined buildings. both Helicopters landed in a fury, flames bursting as their engines were smashed by the force. The explosion quickly setting aflame any branches or plants that had grown between the cracks of stone. Debris flying every which way. Blue and his two men landed, one of them holding someone else. It was Blondie. Blondie cried and cried as she made no attempt to break free of the loose grip on her shoulders. Something was off. Several feet away from ground, Baby Doll disengaged her parachute and landed in a fury. As soon as her feet touched, a white mist arose in a perimeter around her, softening her fall, weightless like a feather. Baby Doll ran forward, looking solely at Blondie. \"Blondie, what happened?\" she asked, confusion muddling her voice. Blondie didn't dare look at her. \"Im sorry, i wasn't strong enough…\" she paused between breaths, her eyes gazing downward. \"He said everything would be ok…\" Blue, standing a few feet behind the group interjected, his usual weasel looking snicker on his face, but eyes that were serious. Walking over toward one of his men, Blue took out a hand gun from its holder residing at his comrades side. Both men looked unsure, tightlipped about what was happening and backed away. \"That's right, Blondie came to us, trying to help the girls off the dangerous path.\" Blue said, his smile fading as he walked behind her. At this point Blondie looked back up at Baby doll, tear stained and heaving. \"I didn't want to fight anymore.\" she admitted. Baby Doll groaned, brows furrowed, not knowing how to tell Blondie to think about what she had done; so instead she kept quiet and shook her head in disapproval. \"Blondie, i want to thank you for everything you've done.\" Blue interjected, walking over beside her, licking dry lips. \"The thing is…we hate snitches, so…\" and as he said this, the gun at his side pointed towards the heart, and in one loud, seemingly absolute shot, Blondie's heart imploded, a lifeless body falling to the ground, and as it hit the stone floor, she shattered into a million pieces only to vanish into the atmosphere. NO one knew where her soul went, or perhaps it simply disappeared, for Blondie had lost her fight, she had given up. With rage, Baby Doll took her Katana from behind her, her eyes intensely fixed on Blue as he aimed his gun at her. \"You know,\" he paused, walking closer and closer toward her, \"All i wanted was to have what belongs to me, to play with my own toys.\" Blue said, shooting once at her, Baby Doll easily countered the bullet, which in turn ricocheted off of her blade, she waited, stance solidly grounded and ready to pounce. \"All i wanted was to have you.\" He said, taking out two steel tonfa's from under his suit. Blue's gaze looking Baby Doll hungrily up and down, standing a foot away from her. \"Whats the matter, Baby doll…did you lose your fight?\" he baited, taking up a fighting stance to match her own. Baby doll, smiled at him, eyes rage filled and wild with determination, the hint of pain and distant sorrow always underlining her every gaze. \"No, i just found it.\" she stated, sword swinging towards him, Blue blocked with his tonfa, but the sword simply sliced through it, taking his hand with it. Blue yelped, holding his arm in pain, he didn't understand how it was she was able to slice through his soul weapon so easily. The look in her face told him what he soon understood. Her soul was stronger than his, her weapon had the power of her intention, and he knew that his soul had been decaying long since before they had met each other. There was nothing he had strong enough to hurt her. As this dawned on him, he watched as Baby Doll stabbed her sword into his shoulder. Blue slumped to the floor, looking up at her, mouth agape in shock. Baby Doll's heel pushed him down as she withdrew her sword. \"You'll never have me, ever.\" She stated, grabbing the key from his neck and yanking it off Creating momentum, she kicked him down with her heel and turned to look for Sweet Pea. She spotted the woman several feet to the side and ran towards her, not giving Blue a second thought. Unnamed captain had taken care of Blue's henchmen while she was busy, he killed one and had begun interrogating the other. He nodded at Baby Doll as she briefly lay eyes on him and went back to the woman at hand. \"Sweet Pea!\" She pleaded as she shook the lifeless woman Baby Doll caught her limp body, waiting for the slumbering girl to wake up. A few moments passed and the brunettes eyes fluttered slightly open. \"Sweet pea, come on, you gotta get up, we have to get out of here!\" The blonde girl gently implored. When she regained enough cognition, Sweet pea shook her head, a small smile on her tear stained face. \"No. This is your story, Baby. i've got another story to go to, i'm done here…\" she gently explained, and as she said this, her body began to crumble and vanish, but before her face was gone, a tear found itself rolling down to her cheek, she took baby's hand with what was left of her hand. \"Thank you, for never giving up…even though i doubted you every step of the way…\" and with that, she vanished entirely, her ashes spreading into the wind. Baby doll sat there and cried, she cried for all her friends whom had given up their lives for their freedom, and hers. Suddenly a buzzing began to grow louder, it was coming from the sky. Angel had walked over to Baby Doll, whom stood up and looked up in the direction of the noise, drying the tears from her eyes. Two bright lights flying in slightly different directions came hurling towards them, like comets lit with blue fire crashing into the atmosphere. As they drew closer and closer, they began to slow in their trajectory, glowing brighter and brighter. As they were a few feet away from Baby Doll, they grew smaller and smaller, and she felt a warm familiarity from them, muffled sounds as if whisped in from the wind. all of a sudden, these bright orbs disappeared into her shoulders. For a few seconds of stillness, they disappeared, until they reemerged once again, but now in the shape of a pair of large wings made of smoke-like-light. These wings enveloped baby doll completely, she closed her eyes as she felt warmth envelop her. At first she wasn't sure what was happening, but now she knew that these two orbs were the remaining pieces of her in the other two worlds. She had done what she needed to do there, and she was free, so these fragments were now returning to her. She felt herself grow stronger as these shards began to merge with her once again. A bright blue slither of ink began to emerge from her back, tracing lines throughout from the center and moving outward. These lines began to spread to her neck, arms, stomach and legs. She felt several shifts in her being and her memories from these other two lives return to her, all she had done. She felt the souls of her friends, and their dreams form into something solid on her side. Symbols and colors splashing in her vision. And finally she felt this enveloping warmth draw back into her and she opened her eyes. Angel was looking at her with a proud smile. \"it seem's you have leveled up, baby doll.\" he provided, giving her a stern nod. Baby doll looked down at her self, she noticed her body was now covered in tattoos of feathers, she knew they symbolized her fight for freedom, and that twice she had become free. She also noticed she now had a second .45 revolver at her side, and on her left thigh was a holster with a happy face and sad face buttons on both extremities, inside this strapped holster were four sturdy kunai, each had a different colored tape wrapped around them. These symbolized the dreams of her comrades, and now they would be beside her, protecting her in battle. She looked back up at angel with a content smile on her face, she was so happy to know that she had succeeded. \"The ultimate sacrifice, the perfect victory.\" she repeated, remembering when she first had met Angel, and he had said these words to her. Angel nodded. \"Indeed, and now this new chapter in your story is waiting to be written, look at your sword.\" She took out her sword from its scabbard and she realized it was several inches longer, the hilt had changed as well. The blade no longer had its old story carved into it, it was now blank. She was contently admiring it when all of a sudden a gunshot was fired in her direction, her body acted quicker than she had time to be aware of the threat, her sword blocked the bullet, causing it to richochet somewhere else. She looked in the direct of the gunshot and saw that blue was still alive. His face was crumbling away, and he was lying on the floor, perched onto his elbow with a gun haphazardly pointed at her. He shot another bullet and this time Baby Doll began to walk towards him, livid frown in place. She continued to dodge bullets as she felt heat rise from within her, white smoke began to gather around her, surrounding her in mist. She felt pressure build up and her sword began to glow. Baby Doll kicked her heels up and with one powerful jump she landed a powerful blow onto Blue, slicing him in half. This time, Blue's body completely shattered, and the pieces vanished into the air. A dark blue orb of smoke rose from the ashes and was sucked into Baby Doll's sword, as if a magnet was pulling it in. The sword completely enveloped the blue smoke until it was gone, and Baby Doll watched as a shape was carved into the blade at the edge of the hilt. She inspected it closely to see it was a skull with a blade stabbed into the middle, the lines were black with a dark blue edge glowing around them. She felt knowledge of a new move write itself into her mind and body. \"It seems that your sword has acquired a new ability.\" Angel interjected, walking beside her with his usual casual smile. \"Your sword will eat the souls of your greatest enemies, and it will reward you with strength.\" he explained. \"it will tell your story.\" Baby doll nodded. she took a few steps back and closed her eyes. she focused on the power she had just learned, she felt the knowledge surface from deep within her, once it was set up, she allowed herself to let it out. with a kick of her heel she spindled backward, sword held tightly by both hands as smoke seeped out from the blade, forming a horizontal ring around her, spikes materializing into a deadly wheel spinning faster and faster veering slightly off its axis. With sword in hand baby doll delivered a clean slice in a complete 360 radius, landing gracefully back onto the concrete. it seemed this new technique would come in handy for certain enemies. Angel waited for her to brush herself off and then motioned for her to reach out her hand. He placed a small object in her palm and closed it tightly, then let go. \"I found this on the ground where blue's henchmen had remained.\" he stated. Baby doll opened her palm only to find a small teardrop shaped vial with a silver cap, small tendrils of silver formed at the top to make a small ring for a thread to attach to it, inside the vial was a clear blue liquid, it looked almost like water, only it had a velvety, glow texture. \"What is this?\" she asked as she admired the little trinket. Angel shrugged with a knowing smile \"you'll have to ask someone else for that information.\" Baby Doll shot him a perplexed look, wondering who that someone was. She decided not to question him further and put the vial away in a small pouch hidden in the kunai pouch on her thigh. \"So, what now?\" she asked him bluntly, \"where are we?\" Angel turned around and began to walk toward the edge of the forest opposite of the wide lake. \"You still need to find your sister, right? You won't be able to do it alone.\" he stated. Baby Doll shuttered and hugged her arms, feeling a twinge of pain at the absence of her teammates. She felt very alone. \"I dont have a team anymore…\" she muttered. Angel nodded, pausing to match her pace. \"Which is why we need to get you a new one.\" This seemed like the logical thing, although who would want to team up with her, she had no idea, and knew even less how they were going to find other people. She opened her mouth to speak, but Angel beat her to it. \"Just trust me.\" he said as they began to walk down a small dirt road into the forest. Baby Doll closed her mouth, pondering on those three words, after a minute of thought, she nodded. She knew he was the only one he could trust now, so she decided to leave it all to him. her fate was in his hands. ","Summary":" everyone has an angel, a guardian who watches over us. we cannot know what form it will take, one d"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Suckerpunch 2: Awaken","Author":"Bbdoll90","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11314668","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Suckerpunch 2: Awaken By Nick Goodman Chapter 1: A Journey Ends, and a Sweet Pea The bus she was on trudged through the storm, the passengers made passing glances but not a word was said. They were right to have those judging looks, she had only just joined them in Vermont, when the kindness of one bus driver saved her life from the local police that were after her. She glanced around at the passengers once more, a small boy when sad eyes made eye contact with her and quickly looked away. Sweet Pea wondered what his story was, he was very well dressed, small suitcase by his side. She missed her sister, the last day had flown by her, losing her sister, Babydoll, Amber and Blondie. Her only family for years, she wondered what she would tell her mother. Lightening flashed outside the window, she blinked as the darkness set back in. For the first time in what felt like a eternity, Sweet Pea slept without a single nightmare. The bus came to a sudden stop and shook Sweet Pea from the darkness she was swimming in, she rubbed the sleep from her eyes and blinked in the bright afternoon light. She glanced up at the driver who nodded to her, without another word she stood and exited the bus. \"Thank you, I don't know how I can repay you…\" Sweet Pea started, a tear started to fall from her eye. \"Miss, i've been doing this job a long time, I know a troubled person when I see one…\" The man had started, Sweet Pea took one step off the bus, stopped and turned to him. \"Just try to stay out of trouble.\" He finished, nodding once again, reaching over with his free hand to pull the level and close the rusty doors. She looked around the familiar landscape, she had grown up just 20 miles from Augusta, Maine. She wondered if the town of Winthrop had changed since she and her sister were left, her mind suddenly went to a dark place, a place that she tried desperately to avoid. the night it happened. She shook her head, trying to keep the memory from surfacing. The night we… The night fell shortly after she made it to a local grocery store, she didn't like the idea of stealing, but at this point she would eat anything she could get her hands on. She took only what she needed from the failing grocery stores shelves, and slipped back out into the night, looking for a place to sleep. Sweet Pea sat in a local store's back ally, she had rigged a few metal sheets into a nice roof and curled up into a ball beneath them. The night sky was breathtaking, she hadn't realized how long it had been since she looked up at anything but a moldy, rain ruined ceiling of the asylum. For a moment, Sweet Pea was lost in the stars. Chapter 2: Stars & Rockets Rocket had loved stargazing, when they were younger they used to \"Camp in the wild\" (which was really their spacious back yard.) They would tell ghost stories and giggle, life was easier back then. Rockets last words surfaced in Sweet Pea's head, clouding it yet again. \"When you get home, when you're free, you tell Mom I love her.\" She thought of Babydoll, still trapped in that place, not even knowing if she was alive or not. She had sacrificed herself, not even batting an eye for doing it. Something had to be done, Sweet Pea's anger surged within her, she kicked the brick wall to her side with all the force she could muster, not caring about the pain spreading up her foot and leg. She awoke to the sun glinting off of the metal roof of her shelter, dusting her clothes she stumbled out of the alleyway, making sure no one was around to see her. She had a plan, a plan that had been planted in her mind by her sister, to make it home, just tell her mother what Rocket had said, she had made that promise to more than one person. She realized that Babydoll, the one she owed her own life too, had let her escape, just to redeem Rocket. Something inside Sweet Pea stirred, she hadn't even thought about her parents much until today, she wondered if they were still even living in this small town. She set out for Winthrop, she glanced at the nearest road sign, and found that it was nearly 15 more miles away. Seeing the miles took its toll on her already aching feet, she sat on the sidewalk rubbing the bottom of her foot, trying to will the pain away. She glanced at her almost broken hospital shoes, giant holes that had been there for the entire time she had been locked up, were only worse now. She glanced across the street to see a shoe store, its door propped open. It was tempting, a fresh pair of shoes would surely help protect her feet, keep her from having to take so many breaks. She put on the withered hospital shoes and made her way across the street, the town bustled away as she snuck in and tried on a pair of plain but beautiful shoes. Already her feet felt better, she felt as though the shoes she was wearing had magical properties, refreshing her. \"I sure hope your not going to steal those!\" Sweet Pea glanced around in panic, she had been spotted. Upon searching, she only saw that one store clerk was working, and they had their face planted in a book. \"I mean come on Sis, do you know what would happen if you were caught!\" Again, Sweet Pea glanced around in panic. She knew this voice, confided with it, nurtured it, it was her sister Rocket. \"Rocket! Where are you?\" Sweet Pea whispered, feeling slightly dizzy. \"Not about to let my sister get caught again, that's where, what are you thinking?\" Sweet Pea took off the shoes, pulled back on the tattered ones and left the store immediately. She leaned against the store window, she couldn't believe it, she had heard her sister's voice. Looking up from the window her eyes widened in surprise, she hadn't noticed walking in, but her face was posted on the window. She touched it through the glass, wondering if she was imagining this too, but there she was, the picture was quite a bit older. Beside her picture was a very old picture of Rocket, most likely from grade school. The words below it were dark and as plain as day, it read; Have you seen us? To Be Continued… ","Summary":" Suckerpunch 2: Awaken By Nick Goodman Chapter 1: A Journey Ends, and a Sweet Pea The bus she was on"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Boyfriend or Girlfriend?","Author":"kittykirara70","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10766406","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Anyone actually looking for this: \"Boyfriend or Girlfriend?\" story I am pleased to announce that you will not be able to find it on this site because I am going to revise it! I am confident the first chapter will be posted soon. Thank-you to all those who reviewed to the original but now it is time to make it better. I am ready for this story to be finished because I am stronger than ever with this story idea that came in a most dreadful dream because of the heck that I went through. Well I have overcome that dream because my new reality will Never Ever Again allow anything like that to happen! Okay enough with the dramatics! (I love being dramatic, lol) It will be about how a girl going to a girls' school finds her roommate to be quite different than expected. A roommate was the last thing she wanted but may be the only thing she needs. Find Out what happens in: I dream of Amy by KittyKirara70 ","Summary":" Anyone actually looking for this: \"Boyfriend or Girlfriend?\" story I am pleased to announce that "},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Paradise","Author":"Fictionfairy189","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9300009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paradise A/N: This is my first Sucker Punch fanfic and this is a very short one-shot. It's taken place at the end when Babydoll gets lobotomized. I hope you like it! There was a beam of light that blinded me for a second, until he darkened my view. I felt the room closing in around me and the air becoming thinner. My breathing was on the rise as my heart bounded a mile a minute. My hands were strapped down and my feet were likewise. There was nowhere to go and no place to hide, but there was a place I would soon escape to. I studied the delicate, yet sharp instrument in his hand as he aimed directly at my emerald eye. I held back my blink for I didn't want run away anymore. I wanted to savior every last moment here with him . There was no need for turning away from this. He wasn't here to hurt me like all the others. He was simply here to take me away from it all. In a neck of a second, I felt the metal pierce through the edge of my eye. The pain only lasted for so long to the point where I could no longer feel anything. My mind didn't respond to the small amount of blood that began to form. Everything around me was just a blur—possibly a hallucination. A woman with soft hands brushed against my cheek as her crystal blue orbs met mine. Her touch felt as if a feather had landed upon my skin and was blown away. The woman stepped away as he came forward, observing me in my vegetated state. \"Jesus...Did.. Did you see the way she looked at me? Just in that last moment, it was like...\" The doctor trailed off as Dr. Gorski walked in. She stood beside him, studying me with concern written in her eyes. \"Is the procedure done, doctor?\" She asked watching me being unstrapped by the two nurses. \"Dr. Gorski, what do you know about this one? Uh, there was something very peculiar.\" The doctor frowned, adjusted his wide framed glasses. The conversation between them carried on, but I only heard so much before I was escorted out the door by two faculties. I was walked down the hallway and stopped the moment I was face to face with Blue. He gazed at me before grinning. A greeting slipped from between his lips as two of the faculties grabbed a hold of me once more. We continued walking as Blue led the way. I was finally stopped at my destination while the men around me revolt against Blue. \"This isn't how we should be running this place,\" One of the men said. Blue turned back and replied, \"We don't run this place, I run it.\" \"I can't hurt these girls anymore. I can't do this anymore.\" The other men stand in their places as it seemed they sided with their co-worker. Blue had become frustrated by the sudden abandonment of his men. \"Come on guys don't do this. I need her in that chair,\" He spoke out, trying to contain his aggravation. \"Put her in the goddamn chair!\" He demanded. The men soon gave in and I was hauled into an old, grimy bathroom. There definitely mold in the air and a hint of coldness circulating the room. Down on the floor laid a small dirty mattress that looked as if it's been there for years. I was set into a chair that was placed in the middle of the bathroom. Blue approached me, ordering his men to leave. We were alone so it seemed. Blue leaned down at me and muttered something before attempting to snap be back into a reality that was no longer mine. \"Hey? Are you here? Are you in paradise? No no no you're here with me, You don't go away unless I say you do,\" He grinned. Blue finally fell victim into his own fantasy and pressed his lips against mine. For the moment, everything went bleak. With my eyes still wide open, I noticed a tear run down Blue's cheek. He pulled slowly away from me and uttered, \"No. That's not right. That's not right!\" Blue grabbed my neck and squeezed it with all the anger he had built up inside him. From the look of his tearful eyes, I could tell he was on the edge of an emotional breakdown. \"You come back to me.\" Blue demanded, but I didn't obey not even for the split second we had together before the cops barged in and arrested him. There was nowhere to go and no place to hide, but there was a place I had finally escaped to. Paradise. Review! ","Summary":" Paradise A/N: This is my first Sucker Punch fanfic and this is a very short one-shot. It's taken pl"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"They were saved","Author":"Aurora Breen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9969770","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: i don't own Sucker Punch They were saved The girls at the 'crazy house' were taken to a place with doctors with nice beds, good food and it took them three days and all the girls were inseparable.. A reactor close by sent out one wave and one wave was all that it needed to change the worlds in the view of the girls that just wanted freedom, their imaginary worlds collided and Earth changed. Five girls banded together and as soon as they were taught how to fight, they got the five things needed to free every last girl there, they went back and forth. Fighting and saving another girl day by day, getting a map, finding a knife, getting fire, finding a key and then one by one the girls they saved sacrificed something to be free. Soon the oldest of the five started going out alone, fighting the monsters, slaying the dragons all four times and she gave all the other girl's what they needed. They picked something and the next day she watched them walking out of the hospital laughing and smiling together, she smiled and she looked over at Baby Doll. \"I'll save you\" she promised and she got everything just like she had millions and millions of times, but this time she sacrificed the memories Baby had and she changed them. Her step-father had killed her sister not her, she hadn't hurt anyone. The girl that started and showed freedom was now free herself and she waved to her friend as Baby Doll, now known as Mary ran to her auntie to live with her. She wandered the halls of the hospital wondering if she really wanted to be free, she went to bed that night not noticing monsters in her room. They woke her up and she jumped up and she ran, and suddenly the group she had been with ran behind her and fought the monsters away. They gave her the items she would need and she looked their smiling faces and she gave away the only thing she could without making her importantly different, she gave away her ability to hear. She had a secret though like all the girls that came from that crazy house did, she could hear things through them and they could do the same to her. The four girls' leant sign language so they could speak to their friend and when she went to her mother's home, her mother learnt it too. All the girls one by one went around and found the girls that helped them and thanked them; they kept tabs on each other. Sending out invites to birthdays and parties, they were free and even though they were bond together it was a good thing. Yes it was a good thing ","Summary":" Disclaimer: i don't own Sucker Punch They were saved The girls at the 'crazy house' were taken to a"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Les Filles d'Aujourd'hui","Author":"Nyx.Ink","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9654285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vous êtes au théâtre, attendant le début du spectacle. La scène est vide. Soudain, l'auteure apparait dans un coin. - Salut ! Je m'appelle Nyx ! J'suis une auteure de fanfiction qui débute, sur le fandom Harry Potter, et Dramione plus particulièrement. Une assistante s'approche en courant. -Comment ? Bon, apparemment, je n'ai pas encore posté mes fics Dramione... Je m'en occuperais après. Donc, ceci est ma première fic sur Sucker Punch, qui est mon film préféré de toujours et... Oui Groseille, je sais que je parle comme une gamine de 5 ans parle de la Belle au Bois Dormant, et alors ? Ça ne dérange personne, que je sache ? Ah ? Ça te dérange, vénéré lecteur tout puissant ? Bon, ben j'arrête alors... Désolée... Je disais donc que c'était ma première fic sur le fandom Sucker Punch et que c'était un OS. Mais maintenant, je me retire. Showtime ! Les Filles d'aujourd'hui Lycée Lennox dans la banlieue de Londres. Lieu de perdition et de malheur ou se retrouvent tous les futurs taulards, les dealers d'aujourd'hui et les macs de demain. Les putes du trottoir de quatorze à dix-neufs ans aussi. Les futures occupantes du bordel de luxe du bout de la rue. Les mercenaires de la débauche et les enfants de la luxure. Ici, tout le monde est shooté en arrivant et retrouver un couple en train de forniquer au détour d'un couloir est monnaie courante. Ici, on vient au lycée, mais pas en cours. D'ailleurs, des profs il n'y en a plus. Ou presque. Il en reste une. Vera Gorski est professeur de sport. Était plutôt. Car elles sont peu à assister a son cours maintenant. Elles. Uniquement des filles. Elles sont une dizaine. En réalité, elles sont neuf, mais Vera préfère se dire qu'elle sont une dizaine. Ça augmente leur nombre. Et parmi elles, les reines. Elles sont cinq. Elles sont sublimes. Elles sont différentes des autres. Elles sont royales. Et elles se battent. Pour s'en sortir. Il est huit heures vingt-cinq. Les cours sont censés commencer dans cinq minutes. Le lycée est entouré de terrains vagues ou les «élèves» désoeuvrés squattent toute la journée, pour ne pas s'entasser dans la cour ou les couloirs. Ils seraient trop a l'étroit pour boire et se shooter a l'aise. Un crissement de pneus retentit au coin. Elles arrivent. La voiture freine. Elles en sortent. Blondie. Grande, élancée, des cheveux d'un noir de jais dans lesquels est posée une paire de lunettes d'aviateur, une éternelle clope coincée entre les lèvres et un look steampunk sexy sublime. Elle a une mitrailleuse a la main et une ceinture de balles. Amber. Coréenne a la peau couleur de miel et au look militaire... Explosif. Mâchonnant en permanence une sucette a la fraise et mécanicienne du gang. C'est elle qui a créé la voiture a partir de pièces détachées récupérées dans les décharges. Cette machine, c'est son bébé, elle la trouve magnifique et elle a raison. Rocket. Plus petite, des cheveux blonds coupés coupés courts d'un manière anarchique surmontés d'une coiffe d'infirmière d'un noir profond et un sourire de petite fille plaqué ad eternam sur ses lèvres fines. Dans sa main droite, elle balance tranquillement un Glock de 9 millimètres. Sweet Pea. Grande soeur de Rocket, aussi blonde qu'elle. Capuche vert sombre en cuir relevée en permanence, cheveux longs attachés en chignon bas a l'exception de deux mèches tombants le long de son cou fin. Elle porte une combinaison en cuir et des cuissardes noir lustrées. Elle a un arc en travers du dos et un carquois rempli de flèches en métal. Elle est la seconde de la bande. BabyDoll. Blonde platine aux cheveux rassemblés en deux couettes basses sur ses épaules, bandeau noir et mèches encadrants son menton fier. Haut marin et mini jupe plissée d'un bleu sombre bordé de blanc. Chaussettes hautes noires et bottines a talons noires également. Katana pendu a sa ceinture. Chef sublime des cinq reines du Lycée Lennox. Reine des Sucker Punch. Elles se déploient en éventail, BabyDoll prend la tête, derrière elle suivent Blondie et Amber, suivies de peu par Rocket et Sweet Pea qui ferment la marche. Sur leur passage, tout le monde s'écarte, subjugué. Quatre filles, aux looks tout aussi hétéroclites se placent a leur suite. Il y a là une gothique aux cheveux rouge sang vêtue d'une longue robe noire fendue, une fille aux allures de princesse qui aurait fait un petit séjour dans un cachot, une brunette dans une robe médiévale prune et verte et une gamine possédant une ressemblance étrange avec la Alice au Pays des Merveilles de Tim Burton, bien qu'ici, personne ne soit en état de le remarquer. Voilà la garde des Sucker Punch. Elles constituent les dernières élèves de Vera Gorski et ensemble, elle montent un spectacle qui a pour but de les sortir de là. De les sortir de l'enfer. Elles traversent la cour et se dirigent vers le gymnase. Elles rentrent et ferment la porte a clé. Dehors, les drogués reprennent leurs esprits et retournent a leurs rails et leurs seringues après leur moment d'absence. Le même schéma narratif se répète tous les matins et tous les soirs, a heures fixes. Les Sucker Punch arrivent, s'enferment et ressortent a la fin des cours. Ça leur permet de se rendre compte qu'il est l'heure de rentrer. A l'intérieur, Vera lance la musique. Björk s'époumone dans les hauts parleurs, leur ordonne de se lever et d'arrêter de se plaindre. Elles s'échauffent. La musique change. Les danses s'enchainent, solitaires et représentatives de chacune. Emiliana Torrini leur parle d'Alice et du Lapin Blanc. La plus jeune des recrues de la Garde crie son désespoir a la face du monde. Amber s'avance. En compagnie de Freddy Mercury, elle exprime son envie. L'envie de vivre. La princesse déchue leur parle de son manque d'amour, qu'elle compense par la drogue. Rocket danse un duo avec la voix éraillée de P!nk, elle révèle son envie d'exister, d'être a son tour sur les feux de la rampe. La princesse gothique chante sa lassitude de la vie et ses tentatives de suicide. Blondie hurle son envie de de traquer et de détruire les responsables de sa déchéance. La lady d'un autre temps exprime ses inquiétudes et sa sensation d'échec par rapport a son avenir incertain. Sweet Pea monte sur l'estrade pour chanter son déroutement. Totalement perdue, elle semble savoir ou elle va d'habitude, mais sur scène, elle se montre, se met à nu, aussi surement que les pauvres filles perdues de la cour une fois la nuit venue. Sa danse est sensuelle et désespérée. C'est la seule que Rocket ne regarde pas. Car pour elle, sa grande soeur doit être forte. Sinon, si elle craque, si elle tombe, alors Rocket tombera aussi. Sweet Pea est partie. Le show est fini, le rideau déjà tiré. Mais ça, personne ne le sait. Ils ne le savent pas encore. Car, même quand tout est fini, l'homme attend quelque chose. Il a inventé la vie après la mort, la réincarnation et le paradis pour oublier. Oublier que la vie a une fin. BabyDoll marche vers le bord de la scène. Elle annonce la fin du spectacle. Sa danse est celle de la désillusion. Elle a abandonné son enfance et ses rêves de bonheur depuis longtemps, et pourtant elle est là. Elle est là sur scène, mais elle est déjà partie. La danse est son seul moyen de survie. Et lorsqu'elle a fini, elle se retire dans l'ombre, laisse sa place a la suivante. Si suivante il y a. Le rideau est tombé. Tout est fini. Mais l'histoire continue. Alors, inlassablement, elles remontent sur scène. Elles sont là. Elles jouent leurs rôles. Elles sont les filles perdues, les filles battues, les filles qui ont souffert, les filles qui continuent de souffrir. Les filles d'aujourd'hui, celles qui dansent pour leur survie. Les Sucker Punch. La scène est vide. Le rideau tombe. L'auteure s'avance, timidement, la tête baissée. -Voilà... Vous avez aimé ? Vous avez détesté ? Faites-le savoir ! Le rectangle en bas, il est a vous ! A vous seul(e) ! Faîtes-vous plaisir ! Et si vous voulez discuter avec une folle en puissance, ma boite a MPs vous est grande ouverte ! ","Summary":" Vous êtes au théâtre, attendant le début du spectacle. La scène est vide. Soudain, l'auteure appara"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Penitence","Author":"Bookworm452","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9974051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Okay, so this my version of what I think happened to Blondie, Amber and Rocket. I was watching the Maximum Movie Mode and Zack Synder said that he deliberately made it ambiguous when Blondie and Amber are killed, so the audience could come up with their own theories and this is mine; if anything happened to any of the other girls then in her head, Babydoll would kill them off because most of it takes place inside her head. She's an unreliable narrator with a week time limit so if any of the girls were injured, she'd never see them again because no matter what happens to her, she won't see them again as they won't be involved in the escape anymore; they'll be in the ward or an isolation cell. Blondie's eyes flicked open. The events of the previous night rushed to the forefront of her mind causing her to bolt upward. Which was a bad idea. Her head began to violently pound, her back was killing her, her jaw... Oww. Her eyes began to burn. A few seconds past, then she broke. Blubbering and sobbing with no sign of stopping. Her hands began to shake. Then a sudden thought hit her. What happened to everyone? She remembered Blue threatening them... Then nothing. She glanced over the room, she didn't recognise it. It was very small, already cramped with the little that was in it now. Darkly painted and it looked like all of the furniture had been recently moved out. There were no windows but there was a broken mirror. Laid in the next bed was Amber. She was fast asleep but looking pale. There was nothing visibly wrong, at least that she could see yet the sheets covered most of her so it could have been anything. Blondie was laid in a hospital bed; an IV was attached in the crook of each arm. She grabbed the right needle and ripped it out of her bruised, olive-toned arm; suppressing a shriek. Immediately pain flooded her body. Ignoring it, Blondie proceeded to rip out the other before moving her covers back. She shuffled out of the bed, her small feet landed on the cold floor. Her legs immediately gave out from under her. She barely managed to catch herself, her battered fingers only just managing to grip the crisp, white sheets. Silently screaming in frustration, she forced herself to her feet, using the bed to steady herself as she walked over to the broken mirror on the wall opposite her. The needle marks in her elbows were burning. She crossed her arms, putting them over the puncture wounds and applying pressure. Swallowing heavily, Blondie prepared herself for what she would see. Five, four, three, two, one... Her olive-toned skin was sickly pale and there were very stark, dark shadows surrounding her blood-shot dark brown eyes. A cold sweat covered her. Her inky black hair was limp, sweaty and ... Was that blood? She only wore her dark grey asylum uniform. Her feet were bare. No shoes or the regulation knee-high socks... More blood... She peered at her feet again. The black nail polish was still there. They were caked in dried mud and blood. She had rope burns around her ankles as though they'd been tied and she'd fought against them. She looked at her hands – they were still shaking. Rope burns around her wrists, skin and blood under her black-painted fingernails. She stared at her reflection. Her entire body and face was covered in big, black bruises. She had a black eye, a busted up lip. Why did she have rope burns and blood under her fingernails? She cast her mind back to last night, she remembered Blue cornering her and then... Blank... Nothing... Oh, God! What had happened? Blondie paused before unbuttoning the asylum dress, ignoring the pain that blossomed when she did. Five, four, three, two, one... She looked down. Angry, scarlet wounds glared up at her. There was some dry blood – that had to be hers, judging by the wounds. She turned around and looked at her skinny back; exactly the same. What had had happened? \"Excuse me, what are you doing?\" A female voice asked. \"Oh. I – urm...\" She mentally cursed herself. \"Get back in bed. You shouldn't be up and walking in your condition.\" The nurse said. She looked sweet and motherly; ironic in this place. \"My condition?\" Blondie echoed. \"You don't remember?\" She asked then sighed. \"PSTD, probably. Blue took you off-site last night. You apparently ran all the way back here and burst into the reception, hysterical. Your dress was covered in blood; you looked like you'd just been run over. You were crying, bleeding and you had two broken fingers on each hand. There were burn marks all over you, like someone had gone at you with a hot poker. You were screaming about Blue kidnapping you and how he and his men tortured you for information on Mary's escape plan. You said that you escaped and just ran all the way here.\" The nurse paused, her eyes sad. \"You fainted and they brought you in here.\" For a second, Blondie thought she was hallucinating. \"What?\" She forced the word through her bruised, full lips. \"No, no... No!\" \"I'm so sorry.\" The nurse whispered and pulled her into a tight hug that hurt like hell. Angry fire igniting all over. After a few moments, she let go. \"I have to get back to work but I'll send Dr. Gorski, she knows more.\" The nurse gave her another quick hug before starting to walk out. She bit her lip before deciding. \"What's my name?\" She asked. The nurse turned around. \"What?\" She questioned. \"My name.\" Blondie repeated. \"What is it? Jones has been calling me Blondie for so long. I- I don't remember my name.\" \"Cynthia Lopez.\" The nurse replied and exited. Blondie sighed and leaned against the bed, she stared at Amber's unconscious form. What did I do? \"Amber,\" She breathed. \"What have I done? Did I tell?\" The door burst open and Dr. Gorski ran in, or rather walking as fast as she could in her high heels, and hugging her tightly when she approached. The gesture was odd and set Blondie's teeth on edge, making her skin feel itchy... How long had it been since she had been hugged? Over ten years? Possibly... She could clearly remember the last time she had been hugged, it was a month or so before her mother had gotten hooked on drugs, before she'd begun to sell her body and beat up her only daughter as she screamed as a young Blondie that it was her fault that her father had been killed in a drive-by shooting. She remembered that day clearly, she'd been about seven and had walked in on her mother having sex with a stranger on the living room couch. The stranger had looked at her and smiled, afterwards saying that he hoped she'd be like her mother one day... Only now grasping what he meant, she shivered and suppressed the urge to vomit as she leaned into the doctor's hug. \"You're okay,\" She said in her heavy accent. \"Good, good. Now we have to wait and see who else pulls through.\" \"What do you mean?\" She asked, once she found her voice. Dr. Gorski released her tight grip and moved some curls out of her face, like her mother had done on her first day of school. 'I will not cry, I will not cry.' She thought. 'I refuse to cry.' Blondie took a hold of Dr. Gorski's hands in her own tiny, bruised ones. \"What happened?\" The Polish woman sighed. \"Amber was shot by Blue, bullet to the stomach. The doctors removed it but we're still waiting to see if she stabilises and pulls through. Anna got stabbed by the chef. She's been stitched up but we're still waiting on any signs.\" It took Blondie a moment to realise that Gorski meant Rocket. She had completely forgotten everybody else's names as well as her own. \"Abigail escaped. We don't know where she is but she escaped when Mary allowed the guards to catch her when she was at the front gates.\" \"...Mary almost got out?\" She whispered. \"W-what happened?\" \"She gave herself up and they lobotomised her. We were too late when we figured out that Blue had forged my signature. God knows how many times he's done that. But don't worry about him, we won't be seeing him for a long time – he's going to prison and hopefully, he'll hang for his crimes.\" \"He deserves to die.\" She agreed. \"... Could I see Mary? Please?\" She followed Dr. Gorski in as she opened one of the doors down the dark hall and hushed her in. The room was small; a single, untouched bed and a wet-room. Mary sat in the centre of the room, on a thin, plastic chair and hooked up to an IV. Her giant eyes were blank and glassy, her face emotional-less. Her tow-headed hair hung in low pigtails. She couldn't do anything, couldn't see anything. It was like looking at a coma patient who had their eyes open. It killed her, seeing Mary like this. \"We've had a tiny bit of improvement.\" Gorski said, \"She said one word the other day.\" \"Really?\" A tiny piece of hope filled her until she crushed it. She don't afford to be hopeful. \"What did she say?\" \"Paradise.\" She sighed. She couldn't look at her, the more she looked at the girl in the chair, the more guilt and pain rose up inside her. This is all her fault. I wish I had never met anyone of them. Then she couldn't have failed them, couldn't have gotten them killed, couldn't have been tortured. But it happened. And she couldn't change any of it. ","Summary":" A/N: Okay, so this my version of what I think happened to Blondie, Amber and Rocket. I was watching"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"I Can't Stay Away","Author":"DefyTheRules","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8916186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Rocket, you know we can't do this. It's wrong. We're sisters.\" She blocks me from getting out of the door with her body, then locks it. But she doesn't move. \"Sweet Pea, I know you feel the same way about me as I do about you. I don't care what other people think about us. And we aren't even sisters. My mom is married to your dad. There is nothing wrong with this, you're just making up excuses, and I'm tired of it.\" I open my mouth to respond to her, but she has other ideas. She starts walking over to me, like she knows how close I am to giving in to her. \"Rocket… We… What if… Mom and Dad'll be home soon.\" I stumble over the words, and end up falling backwards onto her bed. How could I not have seen that coming? Damn Rocket and her knowing she makes me nervous when we're in a room alone, in an empty house. I just need to stop thinking. She smirks up at me, before crawling up me, and straddling my lap. I can hear my heart beating, and I think she can too, but she only laughs. \"We both know they won't be back till the morning most likely. It's time to stop making excuses. Just give in to me. I won't hurt you. That's the last thing I would ever want to do.\" I know this is something I shouldn't do. But hearing her words, combined with the feeling of her body on mine, the slight weight that goes with her being on my lap, I know that she'll get what she wants. Rocket always does. She must sense the change in me, because a triumphant smile graces her features, and she leans down and captures my lips. It's better than I could've imagined, and we both moan a little. I allow myself to finally touch her, running my hands down her sides, and tugging at her shirt until we finally break apart so I can pull it off of her. I flip us over, so she's under me, and I continue removing her clothes till she's in nothing but matching green and black lingerie. \"This for me?\" I murmur against her neck \"There's no one else I'd wear it for.\" She responds as she brings me back up for another kiss. \"You're wearing way too much right now.\" \"I know. But we can deal with that later.\" We're laying in her bed, a tangle of limbs and a sheet over us, smiles plastered on both of our faces. \"You know, I think it's my turn.\" She whispers in my ear. Then the door to the house slams shut. I hear footsteps in the main entry, and a man's voice rings out. \"Sweet Pea! Rocket! We're home! There better not be any boys in here, or you know what'll happen!\" My Dad's voice carries no room for hope of mercy if there are any boys in the house. I look over at Rocket, with the sheet covering her, and hair messy from my fingers running through it. I can't help but laugh. \"I don't think he'll have to worry about that.\" I kiss her then get up, tossing her clothes at her, and slipping back on my dress she had somehow managed to get off me. \"I've inhaled once, and I think I'm addicted. If you'll have me…\" The last part is a whisper, not really meant to be heard. \"Sweet Pea, there is no way you're getting off that easily. They may say that it's wrong, but I can't, and won't stay away.\" \"Girls! Where are you?\" Her Mom's voice calls from the stairs. \"Coming! I was just about to get in the shower!\" Rocket yells back, and throws her clothes back on. I'm about to leave, when I feel her flush against my back. \"Don't worry, I'll make up for the interruption tonight. I promise.\" She says, then presses a lite kiss on my neck, causing me to shiver. With that, I unlock the door, and we go down to greet our parents, grins glued to our faces, like nothing just happened. Like our whole relationship didn't just change. Like our lives would ever be the same. \"And that's part of why our parents forced us into Lennox. Any more questions Doctor Gorski?\" \"No Sweet Pea. We are done for today. We made great progress I think.\" Gorski smiles, like I didn't just tell her I was (am) having sex with my step-sister. She smiles like she understands. She gestures for me to leave, and I walk off the stage, and back to my room I share with Rocket, Amber, Blondie, and Babydoll. That's when Blue grabs me, and my world goes dark. I wake up strapped onto a table, blue and CJ above me. \"I have the perfect cure for you. Gorski is all about talk. Lucky for you, I have two courses of action that will definitely help you. Don't scream too loud now, I wouldn't want anyone to hear you and come get themselves in trouble.\" He flips a switch and I can feel the electricity flowing through my body. I don't scream. I refuse to give him the satisfaction. After what seems like forever, he flips the switch off and CJ unstraps me. \"This part, this is my favorite.\" Blue says, his breath hot against my ear, and I know what's about to happen. It happens to girls all the time in here. Blue is in control, and he takes what he wants, when he wants. Even if Gorski knows what's going on, she really can't do a lot. Not many people would believe her over Blue, not unless she was able to get one of his boys to confess, or have someone catch him in the act. I don't know how long it is before I wake up, but I'm happy I blacked out when I did. I don't think I want to know all the things he did to me. My whole body aches, and I can see quite a few bruises just on my arm, which is extended in front of me. I turn my head, and realize where I am. CJ must have carried me back to my room, and tucked me in. None of the other girls are back yet, which means I have to chance to clean up. It'll take me a little, but I know I can get to the bathroom. I've made it. I'm as clean as I can get myself with hurting myself more. The door opens just as I get back into bed and pull the cover over myself before Babydoll comes in, followed closely by the others, with Rocket in the rear. \"Hey Sweet Pea, where'd you go?\" Rocket asks, sitting down on my bed and kissing my forehead. \"Nowhere. Gorski told me I could come back here, and you know I've been having trouble sleeping so I took a nap.\" I lie, unable to look her in the eyes \"Can you give us a moment?\" Rocket asks the others, and they all get up and leave quickly. Babydoll is the last to go, but she shoots me this look, and I know she knows what happened. It's happened to her, but not here. \"What happened? And don't you dare lie to me this time.\" \"Look, I don't wanna talk about it. I'll be fine, and its better me then you.\" I respond \"Damn it Sweet Pea, how many times are you gonna take the fall for me? Please just let me see the damage. I'll help you clean up. I'll help you shower. I'll…\" \"Gorski knows. I told her. Blue heard me. He didn't like what he heard. He decided to take some action to help me get better. I think CJ carried me here. I didn't want you to know because I didn't want you to know where he… Hell, I'm not even sure what all happened. I blacked out.\" I can see she's about to cry, so I lift my arm and wrap it around her. \"This changes nothing. I don't care what he tries to do to 'fix' me. I want this. I want you, and I won't let anyone hurt you. Never again. I love you Rocket.\" She helps me back into the shower, and helps me thoroughly wash my wounds. Over the water, I hear her whisper \"I love you too\", and it brings a smile to my face, just like it does every time she says it. It's how I know that what we are doing isn't wrong. Sure, by many people's standards it's not right, but how can it be wrong whenever I fell like this? Okay, so I was listening to The Veronicas \"I Can't Stay Away\" and the first part wrote itself. I kind of just kept going after that, I don't know if it's any good or not, but reviews are welcome, with constructive criticism, no flames. I guess I could do this as more than a one-shot, if you guys want it. And I am working on chapters for a few of my other stories too, so look for those soon. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" \"Rocket, you know we can't do this. It's wrong. We're sisters.\" She blocks me from getting out of"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"A Midsummer Night's Dream","Author":"Reika Hyouden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9501191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- I got inspired after watching this movie. I certainly did not expect what I had seen. Babydoll (and Sweet Pea) deserved better. Yet again, she attempted to convince herself that what was occurring was reality; not another one of her fantasies. But no such luck. Opening her eyes, she found herself back in the practice room, surrounded by many other girls. The record stopped, and her heartbeat calmed. She could feel Blue's presence-and it spiked again. She couldn't keep track of all the profanities she'd called him in her head. But, in her (and most likely everybody's) eyes, he deserved it. He deserved at least that, along with everything else coming to him. But the majority of her thoughts wound up being about her damned stepfather. If it weren't for him, she would even be in this hellhole. If it weren't for him, her mother would've probably lived. If it weren't for him, her sister wouldn't have been shot. All, if it weren't for that bastard of a man. Her mind was shocked back into reality when she remembered what Sweet Pea was supposed to be doing. She had faith that the other blonde would perform the task adequately. Despite being on her bad side, she could tell that Sweet Pea somehow trusted her as well, albeit a smidge. And she was much satisfied when she returned holding a copy of the map. She shot her eyes open. The blinding stage light made her eyes diminish in size. They moved down, focusing on the mayor. She, to herself of course, smiled. Amber looked at her trophy, cautiously giving it to the other girls when asked. \"Fire\" was taken off the slate. She was so close to escape. To freedom. To paradise. She was just so close. All of her dreams of escaping may suddenly just come true. She wouldn't have to fantasize and pretend to live a fake reality. She wouldn't have to wake up feeling lost every time she was sucked back down to Earth. She wouldn't have to be chained anymore. But suddenly, as fast as it takes to reload a gun, her worlds just came crashing back down. It all started with the death of Rocket, resulting in Sweet Pea to eventually be sent to the closet. A drop of blood landed only a fraction of an inch from her shoe. She was used to violence. But this was Amber's life. She felt the guilt, she truly did. But she knew this is what it came down to. Nevertheless, the tears found their way down her face. Madam Gorski joined in her mourning, wailing, while staring at her frail, limp body. Blue stepped to Blondie's side. Blondie apologized to all of the girls, tears streaming down her fragile face. Blue thanked her; for all that she'd done before firing one, then two, of those goddamned bullets. The girl wanted to go up there herself, take that gun from Blue and shoot him in the face with it, taking pleasure in seeing his dead body. But the shock wouldn't let her move her body. It was all over. Everything they'd worked so hard for was just for nothing. Sweet Pea was right all along. She mentally stabbed herself for being so inane. She had never, in her entire tormented life, felt this helpless. She'd never felt as weak as this. In her dreams she was as strong as the word could describe. Why, oh why, couldn't that be reality? \" You have all the weapons you need. Now fight.\" Those words were the only things on her mind by now. She reached under her vanity, feeling around for anything, just anything. She finally found the knife her friend had managed to retrieve. With a swing full of rage and payback, she stabbed it right through Blue's expensive jacket, piercing his untouched skin. Yes, she definitely took pleasure right there. And she smirked while saying these words: \"You'll never have me.\" She knew that Sweet Pea had to go. She had to be free. And so, the sight of her leaving through the front gates was the last sight before complete darkness. She awoke to find herself in a fancy bed, surrounded by two women, antique paintings, exquisite pottery…and the man she'd been trying to avoid in the beginning. As he was talking to her, nothing seemed to matter in the world. It just seemed like the only people in the world were him and her. This was just what she was afraid of. Even so, she succumbed to his advances, pushing them out no further, He told her to keep his eyes open, on him. But I guess that was the point. The aftermath was hazy. He'd promised her freedom. And that was exactly what she got. She succumbed to that too. \"Did you see that? The way she looked at me?\" She didn't know where she was anymore. She was hypnotized in her own state of mind-whatever state it was. The two men from either side of her grabbed her by the elbows and urged her to walk to a place she didn't know of. Not that she cared anyway. This feeling was…surreal. As they sat her down on a stool, a man came up, the wound still on his shoulder and kissed her. He kissed her again and again, until he broke. He looked even more mad than he already was. Screaming about her not being her, he pointed, accusing nothing in particular. Men in uniforms came rushing in, grabbing hold of the man, who was wailing for freedom. However, she didn't care. Why would she anyway? One of the uniformed men asked her a question, and it puzzled her for a moment. \"Miss, are you okay?\" Her delusions had finally come to an end. They did come to an end, right Sweet Pea? And so, Sweet Pea, with all her layers of false realities, closed her eyes, as if to dance in her own world again. A/N- I apologize if this is somewhat confusing, but I was trying to get into the true meaning of the movie. Since Baby Doll was just something Sweet Pea conjured in her own mind to, in a way, escape her reality, Baby Doll wasn't the main character in this fanfiction. Just like in the movie, it wasn't Baby Doll's story after all. It was all Sweet Pea's. It took me a while to absorb this meaning, but writing this really clarified everything for me. I hope it did the same thing to me as it did to you. Please Review! ","Summary":" A/N- I got inspired after watching this movie. I certainly did not expect what I had seen. Babydoll"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Lying - Reanimated","Author":"Reira Redemption","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9258173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warning: Attempted rape, mentions of murder and character death. Revamped plot line. I do not own Sucker Punch or any characters; only the plot is mine. Blondie was crying, sobbing as she looked at Madam Gorski. She weighed her options and finally whimpered, \"Can you keep a secret?\" \"Yes.\" Gorski's voice was slightly drowned out by Blue's, he stepped around the corner into the dance studio. He offered Blondie a hand, she hesitantly taking it as he helped her shaky form off the floor. He led her into the office Gorski had, pushing her roughly onto the lay down couch. His glare is hard as he keeps his eyes locked on hers, slamming the door to the office closed; the weak old frame rattling. \"What's this secret Blondie?\" His tone is much softer than his gaze, it's startling as she leans a away from his towering form. She won't tell him anything she decides, she quickly formulates a plan in her mind, sobbing out his name, \"Blue?\" She cups her face, leaning her arms onto her knees. \"Yes, Blondie?\" He kneels in front of her, resting a hand over her folded ones. \"You can tell me anything, it'll be okay. I'll take care of you.\" She can see the lie behind those chocolate orbs. \"I know, I'm… just scared.\" She takes hold of his hand, whimpering again as his fingers cup her face, he tilts her head up so their gazes remain locked. \"I'll take care of you.\" His voice was soft as he repeated his earlier statement. \"Tell me, what's wrong Blondie?\" \"I… Blue… I think I'm pregnant.\" Her brown eyes are glazed over with terror and worry as they grow widely. He stands, giving her his back as she thinks about what she just told him, hand on his hip, the other over his mouth. \"Pregnant? Aren't you on the pill?\" He turns suddenly, looking at her rather puzzled. \"We ran out almost two months, remember? Didn't get any more for nearly a week… I… I've been feeling really sick in the early morning and so tired. I might just be sick but I'm so scared Blue.\" She's up and standing, hands pressed together as she trembles all over, praying he believes her lie, needing him to believe it so her friends can get away even if it means she remains there. Blue nods in understanding, believing the lie easily, suddenly feeling horrible for throwing her against the dresser. He embraces her tightly, her arms pinned down, though her trembling hands hold his sides. \"I'm sorry.\" She cries the apology, her body shaking so hard Blue idly wonders what a pregnant woman should or shouldn't be feeling at such a fragile stage. \"No, no, don't apologize… I'm… Sorry I pushed you so hard… I… Go tell Gorski and she'll get the guards to buy some pregnancy tests. You might not even be pregnant… we'll see, alright?\" Blondie nods quickly, sobbing that she was feeling light headed. Blue guides her to the bedroom, having her lay down. He really wasn't sure how to approach this situation, none of his girls had ever been pregnant before nor thought that they might be. He hoped that she was just over reacting, that it was just a bug, because he wouldn't know what to do. Abortion? Adoption? Both options sounded cruel, but raising a child in a dance studio slash whore house sounded worse. Blue rubbed his forehead as he fell against his leather chair in his office, staring up at the roof, he had no idea what he'd do if Blondie or any of his girls were pregnant, but he decide not to stress over it and just wait to find out. It wasn't until morning that Rocket and the chef were found; Rocket murdered and the chef seemingly committed suicide. The day was a buzz with the news of the high roller coming the night of. Blue seemed restless to the point of rage. He reigned it in as much as he could with the thought of Blondie being pregnant heavy on his mind. Babydoll watches Blue who can't seem to keep his eyes off her. She discreetly pulls each girl aside, acting as if she is asking a simple question when in fact she tells each girl to grab a different piece of their escape kit; leaving the knife for herself. Blue enters the room as his many girls are getting dressed and applying make up. His gaze runs over Babydoll in a glitz up tight sailor uniform. She looks just the right amount of innocent and sexualized, and it's working wonders on him. \"Everyone out.\" The order is barked in a heavy tone, the room becoming empty though his eyes pin Babydoll in place. She's breathing a little harder, knowing Amber, Blondie and Sweet Pea are in their awaited positions. She needs to hurry. Blue leans in too close, his breath reeks of scotch. Her eyes avert him, feeling his hands roughly grab her hips. \"I've been thinking a lot about all that money you're going to make me. And you'd think that would give me pleasure.\" He pauses, seeing her nostrils flare and cheeks flush from his close proximity. \"I mean, I'm in the business of pleasure, but you know what it makes me feel like?\" He head shakes, whether to his question or not, he continues. \"I'm gonna be honest with you, it makes me feel like I'm this little boy sitting in the corner of the sandbox while everybody gets to play with my toys but me. So you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take my toys and I'm gonna go home.\" His voice cracks, almost like a whine as he shoves her back into the mirror of the make up table; effectively cracking the smooth surface from the weight of her body. Babydoll makes a noise between a scream and a yelp, her hand slapping him across the face which only adds fuel to his lust driven anger. \"Oh, is that it?\" His hand wraps tight around the fabric of her shirt just under her arm, yanking her torso down to lay awkwardly across the table top; Blue unaware as her arm struggles under it to grab at the taped knife. \"Is that all you got?\" His voice rings loudly in her ears as her fingers wrap tight around the handle of the knife; feeling him thrust her form up and back into the mirror once more in an up right position. His emotions running on the edge of anger and lust, he presses his forehead to hers briefly, groaning out a soft \"Come on.\" \"Did you lose your fight? Huh?\" His head tilts down, attempting to capture her gaze. Shaking her head and summoning her bravery, she whispers \"No, I just found it.\" Her eyes never leaving his as her hand raises to plunge the knife into his left shoulder. Blue gasps in pain, shock filling him as he falls back onto his knees; Babydoll standing to hold the hilt of the knife before yanking it free of his flesh. The key around his neck practically hums in her ears as her small fist wraps around the cool metal. Blue shudders in pain, watching her in horror. \"You'll never have me. Ever.\" Her voice shakes in fear, yet he knows that those simple five words hold firm; Blue will never have Babydoll no matter how he desires her. And, then with her foot on his injured shoulder, she kicks him to the floor and yanks the chain free; key in hand. The four girls make it outside, crawling along the pavement to avoid being seen by the group of guards that are outside smoking. They stay hidden by the shadow of the bushes to their left and make it to a gate where Babydoll unlocks the door. The metal barely makes a sound as they finish the small crawl through it and finally stand and run to the nearest town. None of them say a word as they reach the closest church to find sanctuary. The priests and nuns give them fresh clothes and food along with some money so they may leave in the early morning to find another safe refuge far away from the dreadful brothel they were forced to stay in. Five Years Later Sweet Pea and Amber had married the year before, only a few weeks apart. Blondie ended up married just after the new year, leaving Babydoll alone in the house the four girls had shared the last three or so years. She hadn't minded, she was very happy her friends and managed to find husbands that loved and treated them so well despite their pasts which all three had been honest about. Amber had married a lawyer whom promised to prosecute Blue if he ever came out of hiding. Now, being only twenty-two, Babydoll whom was actually Victoria; was alone. She insisted she didn't mind, but in reality; she never felt more alone. Her mother and sister both being dead and her stepfather living in her childhood home left her only able to stay where she was or risk going back and being forced back into the brothel or worse; dead. She shivered at the thought, remembering Rocket's tragic fall from the chef's hand. Victoria had taken the knife herself to kill him and pose it as suicide. Victoria sat in the large living room with a book in hand, she had been reading over page fifty-two for more than an hour. Amber had moved the last of her things out earlier that day and the house never felt so empty. She closed the book and paced over to the bay window to look out at their front yard. She watched the neighborhood kids play with their friends and dogs. Her eyes wandered over to a husband coming home from work, his wife greeting him in the driveway with their baby in tow. They kiss and say their greetings before entering their home across the street. Victoria silently admits her jealousy for her three friends, that they were able to be married and plan for children while she was so heavily scarred from her time at the brothel. Babydoll hadn't been there nearly as long as the other three whom were able to block it out for the most part and continue on with their own lives, but Victoria couldn't comprehend trusting a man. Her mother became sick and the man she trusted with her two children was going to rape the youngest just after her death. Blue had seen them as dollar signs and used whatever little trust they had in him against them in anyway feesable. She shivered and it wasn't from the cold, but passed memories. Baby tugged hard on the sleeves of her grey sweater, the denim that covered her legs evening seeming thin as she hugged her knees tight to her chest. Victoria knew she should talk to someone, she should seek help with what seemed like stress disorder; but she couldn't bring herself to openly admit she had a problem. Instead she'd cry it out daily, anxiety being a part of her routine. She hated when repairmen would come to fix anything in her house, she hated being around her friends husbands for more than a few minutes at a time, and she couldn't stand the idea of love. Yes, she craved it so badly, but she was certain she'd never, ever marry.[Chapter 2] Hello super awesome fans. I've gone ahead and updated this story and hope you enjoy. I have made changes, some big and some small, just read on through. Love, Reira ","Summary":" Warning: Attempted rape, mentions of murder and character death. Revamped plot line. I do not own S"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Maybe Tomorrow","Author":"XoxILoveyouxoX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10132376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first time her green eyes saw the ember, she had fallen in love. She was so fascinated that she wanted to reach out and touch it, but her fathers words were always stuck in her head. Never not be afraid. As she reached for the torch, she sensed the presence of him. An animal with bear feet and bore skin. 'Strange. Must be a new species.' That's when he took of the skin, revealing a toned chest and red body markings, and human hands. But when she saw his brown eyes, they sparkled, and she was so love struck that she dropped the rock she held above him on his foot. He cried out and she covered his mouth, \"SHHH, I'm not supposed to be out here...\" He grabbed a stick and whacked her with it in response and she got angry. She held him down with one foot and began to interrogate him when he bit her foot. Then she showed no mercy. \"Hey! The fire it's dying!\" He got up and made a move for the torch. But she got in his way. \"NO! It's mine! Don't touch!\" \"Please! I hate the dark!\" She stopped. How much did she hate the dark? How much did she hate being cooped in the dark cave for days with barely any little sunlight? She stepped aside, marveling out how the fire came out of his mouth. \"It listens to you...\" \"Haha of course it does.\" She inched closer, then proceeded to crush his ribs and demand he make more. She heard something break and dropped him, \"Hehe oops. Sorry.\" He introduced himself, \"Hi, my name is Guy. And this is Belt.\" He motioned to his pet that clung around his waist, the strange purple furry thing scared her. Mostly because it was new and she had never seen it before. \"Listen Tiger Girl-\" \"My name is Eep.\" \"Eep, whatever, the world is ending. We have to get out of here, come with me.\" He outstretched his arm to her, holding out his hand. She glanced at it and as soon as she did her hand wanted nothing more than to reach out and grab it. She wanted to say yes, but she couldn't leave her family behind. \"I can't... \" he nodded, reaching out into his back pocket and pulling out a shiny shell. \"Here,\" he reached for her hand, and a new kind of heat radiated through her body, \"If you survive, call me, I'll come for you.\" She glanced at the present in her hand, it was beautiful. She looked up to thank him but... He was gone. Smiling to herself, she held the she near her heart. \"Goodbye, Guy. Maybe we'll meet again sometime. Maybe, tomorrow.\" \"EEP ARE YOU OK?!\" Ugh. Dads.[Chapter 2] When she blew the horn, he didn't show up at first. She got scared, sweat rubbing down her forehead. Where is he? He said he would be here. She blew into the horn one more time. Nothing, she turned and saw her family. Her dad yelling at her, \"EEP! Come back here!\" He would come. He said he would! \"Third times the charm,\" she muttered. She blew into the horn, one last time. She heard the scratching of rocks together and he was there. Right in front of her. How badly she wanted to smile, but the man eating birds terrified her. Picking up his torch quickly, Guy looked at her, a spark in his eyes. He smirked at her and her heart skipped a best. His left arm found it's way around her waist, and as he pulled her in he nuzzled his face into her hair. Then with determination, he rose his arm with torch in hand high above the two of them, and the birds went around them. They parted like the Red Sea. He pulled her closer, and she relaxed into his warm embrace, \"You came...\" She whispered. *SQWAK* They turned to see Grug punch one of the birds, he turned to glare at Guy. She battered her eyes at Guy, slowly moving closer. The family formed the kill circle around him, Guy instinctively wrapping his arm around Eep. \"AHHHH! CAVIES!\" After a long explanation of what cavies were, Eep finally told him after he pulled out a knife, \"No! It won't help... They're my family.\" \"The sun! It's in his hand!\" \"Thunk you idiot! It's not the sun! It's called Fire.\" Said Eep. \"Where did it come from?\" Asked Ugga. Eep once more clinged to him, \"He made it...\" But he was pulled away from her grasp as her father strangled him, commanding him to make more. He heard something crack and dropped the boy, \"Oops...\" \"Dad, it doesn't come out of him!\" \"You know... You're a lot like your daughter.\" Said Guy before he passed out. GUYS POV When I woke up their she was. Beautiful green eyes were staring back at me. A perfect smile, beautiful hair, tan skin. It was almost like a dream, and then I remembered why I was on the ground in the first place. \"So... Your dad. He's trying to kill me.\" She smiled, her hand brushing against mine. \"Yeah, but I won't let him.\" I smiled, but only for a moment when I realized it was still night time. And it was a little too bright out of the corner of my eye for it to be sunrise. I sat up, seeing her family freaking out and causing what I call a Forest Fire all over the place. I stood up, tried running away, but she held onto me. I couldn't make out what she was saying because I was too focused on trying to leave and save my own life. That's what my parents taught me, to make it to tomorrow, to survive. I can't let this girl and her family get in the way. Or so I thought when I saw a giant corn flying towards us. I tried to move away, but I remembered Eep was stronger than me. My body automatically threw itself in front of her as the cob (which had the rest of her family on it) hit us and flew us farther in ten seconds then my shoes could ever take us in one minute. The next thing I knew I was surrounded in something that looked like food with a sweet aroma. I couldn't help but get annoyed with the popping sound. I think I'm gonna call it Popcorn.[Chapter 3] I tried running as fast as my feet would carry me. But it's no use. You can't outrun Eep. And you DEFINITLY can't negotiate with her father out of keeping you out of a log. (But you can about moving into a new cave on the mountain.) As I was hanging off Grugg's shoulder, I would watch her. *chomp* \"SANDY IF YOU DONT STOP IM GOING TO RIP YOUR TONGUE FROM YOUR MOUTH!\" Her wild animal side really made me admire her more. Her brother looked at me and smirked. Fat lard. At one point, he started calling me 'boy hog' or something another. I saw her head jerk in my direction and look between me and him before she picked up a rock and hammered it into the back of his head. He stumbled forward and lost his balance and cried for his dad. Pathetic. I looked back at Eep. She smiled at me and I smiled back. I realized that she looked really beautiful with the sun reflecting in her eyes. *hours later* Another thing I've come to learn. Hungry granny is a good distraction for a get away plan. However, Eeps animal instincts completely ruin it. \"I'll let you help me hunt.\" I told her. Which was cheating, because I knew she wanted to help but couldn't because she was \"grounded.\" Her eyes lit up brighter then the Popcorn night. I set up my trap behind a rock, and (sort of) explained to her how it would work. She made fun of me for being alone for so long, if only she knew... \"How's your acting?\" I asked her. She smiled, \"What is acting?\" I groaned mentally, \"I have so much to teach you.\" After explaining to her more, we lured in the bird. I smiled, \"this is actually working, your good at this.\" I saw her blush and look down. Crap, that probably wasn't a smart thing to say. She giggled nervously, a cute giggle. Then she looked up at me and my heart stopped. I tripped and stumbled and we fell into each other. I could feel her chest against mine. It was hot out, our noses were only inches away from each other. I was still trying to fight and maneuver my way to get food, but I couldn't concentrate. How could I with this beautiful girl pressed up against me? I finally stopped moving and she looked up at me, my lips brushed against hers lightly- Before I was thrown into the air and back into my log. \"Where's Eep?\" Crap. I looked up at tiger girls angry father, but at the mention of her name I smiled and looked over at her. She looked really mad and beat the snot out of the bird. I sighed, \"She's awesome...\"[Chapter 4] He watched her gulp down a huge piece of that turkey, a part of him thinking 'What have I gotten myself into?' And another part thinking 'She looks beautiful even when she's acting like a savage beast.' He was surprised at her none the less when she said her family never has left overs. \"What? Why?\" \"Well, were a big family. So we try to divide the egg from a bird evenly.\" She smiled at him, until Grug decided it was story time. ... ... \"Whoa! Plot twist! I did not see that coming!\" She looked at him with confused eyes, \"Dads stories ALWAYS end like this!\" \"Really? Mine never end that way.\" He saw the spark in her eyes, her brothers head turned. \"Two stories in one night?! Alright!\" Soon, everyone was looking upon him like he was God, so he cleared his throat. He told them the story, you know, the one about the beautiful tiger and how she flew to tomorrow. This was the first time he saw hope in her family's eyes. Well, except for Grug, who was being Grug like always. Eep came up and sat next to him while Ugga and her father checked Grugs mom for fleas and helped Sandy brush her teeth. He slowly slipped his hand over hers. She blushed, clutching her hand to her heart. \"What is this... This fluttery feeling?\" \"I call them butterflies.\" He said suddenly. She looked at him and leaned closer, \"Butterflies... I like it.\" He leaned down to her, eyes half closing before he heard a loud, \"NO!\" He soon found himself in the comfort of his log again. He frowned. He heard Eep and her dad arguing before he told her to lay down, which she did... Next to him. He smiled at her, and she smiled back. Darn this log for confining him. All he wanted to do was wrap this girl in his arms and stay with her sun up to sun down. Her green eyes sparkled again, but soon he found himself looking at the desert. Grug had moved him again. \"Goodnight Eep.\" He managed to say. \"Goodnight Guy...\"[Chapter 5] \"So how did the tiger fly?\" I look up from my log and glare at her, \"I only tell stories outside the log.\" I saw her frown. \"I'm funny that way.\" Her look of sadness turned into a determined one, \"No problem. Leave this, to me.\" She tapped Thunk on the shoulder. He turned, \"THUNK! There's a spider on your face!\" \"What? Where?\" I watched laughing as she punched him, but then I stopped when I noticed he was coming toward me. \"Sh-\" Then as I flew out, I observed my surroundings. Eep smiles, \"Got it.\" Thunk was crying as Sandy pounced on his stomach. The Granny was laughing so hard I thought she would die of a heart attack. Ugga pulled Sandy off of Thunk, and Grug was coming right to me. I looked, I was on sea shell land. I smirked, no way he would get me. \"AH!\" He said in frustration. He was walking on them, that idiot. I noticed he was getting closer, \"Better go...\" I muttered. I turned and started walk fasting past him, he was gaining speed so I walked faster. Pretty soon my log was thrown up in the air, \"NO!\" I screamed. I slipped out and landed on my back. Probably gonna hurt in the morning. I ran off behind a shell wall. Gasping, I slid down the wall. I turned and peeped a little. \"YOU IDIOT! We NEED him!\" Granny was beating the crap out of him with her stick, while the others were still stepping on the shells, except for Eep. She looked at me with those sad green eyes. I had to go back. Belt climbed up me and looked me in the eye. I sighed, time to go help them. After determining that I was no longer going to be a part of the log part of the ride, I agreed to helping them. For Sandy, I put some star fish on her feet. She giggled as she slid around. For Grug and Thunk, I put thick fish on their feet. \"AHHH! It's sucking my toe! My blood! It's killing me!\" He started running around scared. I turned to Ugga and her mom, presenting to them my newest creation. \"I call them Ugg boots.\" I said. She smiled, \"I love them!\" She quickly put them on. I turned to Eep and did the same thing, \"Ahhhh where are my feet?!\" I laughed and took her hand in mine. Granny and Ugga, who was holding Sandy, walked in behind Thunk and Grug. I took this opportunity to lean in and I pulled her close, lips touching hers. It was only for a second, then she blushed, \"What was that?\" \"I call it a kiss...\" \"I think... Id like another.\" I smiled and leaned down again, \"NO!\" Giant arms separated, \"I put away the log, now respect your boundaries.\" Grug glared down at me and I mumbled, \"Fine.\"[Chapter 6] \"I call it, a brain.\" Guy's voice distracted me from my thoughts of the floating winged creature that was in front of my face. \"Dad, I don't have a brain…\" came Thunk's small sad voice. \"Cavemen don't need brains!\" said Grug, throwing his fists up in Guy's face, \"We have these! Ideas are for weaklings!\" Guy glared. \"Now, let's get to that mountain!\" Leaf Boarding Grug stood over the tall cliff. Turning around he said, \"There has to be another way to get down this cliff safely.\" Guy groaned inside, ' It'll take us forever to climb down this cliff. I've got to come up with something better.' Turning around, he saw a few giant leaves. To his other side, he saw a few raw materials that he could use to make what he called rope. Quickly, he turned his materials into what he needed with his fire ability and tied it to the stem of the leaf. \"Whatcha doin Guy?\" asked Eep as she turned away from her father's plan of failure. He smiled. \"Leaf boarding.\" \"No way, that looks dangerous.\" Said Grug. Seconds later Guy was riding down the cliff on the leaf with Eep, her arms wrapped around his chest as she laughed with terror. Then came Sandy, Ugga, Thunk, and Granny. Grug groaned, and attempted to get on his leaf, when he slipped on the tip and fell forward, following everyone else in a not so great way. Umbrella \"What is this! Tears from the sky! They burn!\" Grug screamed in agony with his son while Eep sighed and looked at Guy. \"They've never seen rain?\" \"They don't get out much.\" Guy pulled out a stick with a soft material on top that shielded him and Eep from the rain. \"Hey, I want one!\" said Thunk. Guy gladly passed them out to the family members, except for Grug who refused to take one because he didn't want to be seen as week. Belt slid its arm around Eeps waist and brought her closer to Guy. She blushed and he looked down at the ground in an attempt to hide his smile. Slowly, he slid his arm around her waist, replacing Belts, and brought her closer to his chest. Eep sighed, he was warm and smelt wonderful. Swimming \"Wait Eep, it looks dangerous.\" \"Ugh, dad! You say that about everything!\" she was about to jump off a rock and into what looked like a shallow piece of the ocean. Guy grabbed her hand as she was about to jump, \"careful.\" \"Oh, really?\" she asked taken aback. Grugs jaw dropped and Guy led her to the safe part of the rock, then jumped in. She smiled and jumped in after him, as did everyone else. Grug sighed, just what was going on here? He saw Eep climb on Guys shoulders as they laughed and danced and he growled and cannonballed next to them, knocking them over. He then realized he couldn't swim, and began to sink to the bottom very sadly. While underwater, Guy and Eep looked at each other. He brought her closer and placed his lips on hers, but this one was different from the first one. He was much more… rough? All she knew was the she liked what was happening, and quickly responded to their first underwater kiss. Flowers After being separated with her from all her other family, he ran for it. Yes, Guy, ran for it. He had planned on doing something special for her, this was the first time they wouldn't be around her family, and he wanted to do something nice for her. Flowers. Did girls like flowers? He climbed on top of the rock and started blowing the pink flowers down towards the entrance, surrounding the entire pond. It was only when she had found out about his plan and was hanging above him laughed did he grab her and pull her head down with his for another passionate kiss. She fell, but he strangely caught her. She noticed something different, something strange. When she was alone with him, he didn't seem to think clearly. He went with his instincts somehow, which she thought kind of resembled a caveman's personality. He had her pinned, eyes looking at her with want, like he was about to eat her, devour her. He leaned down and kissed her with more force. She realized then that this kiss was going to be more different than the first and the second one combined. She opened her mouth slightly to breathe when something warm and moist slipped through. Her eyes widened and she saw it was his tongue. She tried to breathe again, but got lost in fighting the treacherous tongue battle with him. Her body grew hot, her hands grabbed for his bare chest, clutched his ribs, and in response there was a low growl in his throat. Neither one remember much of what happened after, just that there was lots of moaning and yelling and him wondering at one point why no one had bothered to come check on them. Oh right, because of the shells. ","Summary":" The first time her green eyes saw the ember, she had fallen in love. She was so fascinated that she"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Freedom","Author":"Miss Nostalgia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12491889","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes/Rant: Yeah, so I know that this movie was years ago, but, I just found out about the deleted scene between High Roller and Babydoll yesterday. I was shocked, and of course agree with what everyone had been saying for the past 6 years that they should have included that scene in the movie for everyone (including the critics) to understand the real message of Babydoll's actions. Anyway, I totally ship High Roller/Doctor and Babydoll. I've come across a fanfic where they had a happy ending, and I want to have a try at a different kind of story with them in it. So here it goes, and even if it's like 6 years later I do hope someone still reads Sucker Punch fanfics. Please drop a review/comment if you can! For the story's purpose, I will rename The Doctor and Babydoll. Hence, The Doctor will be named Dr. Edward L. Mulligan, aged 35 years old and Babydoll's real name will be Evelyn Samantha C. Bennett, aged 18 years old. Lennox House for the Mentally Insane Dr. Edward L. Mulligan entered the premises with an impassive expression. Even if he was a doctor, a surgeon at that, he did not like entering places like this. Places where every man's nightmare resides. He had his own demons, but, that was not the issue at the moment. He already got used to seeing mental institutions that house numerous patients that were in truth insane and 'deemed' to be insane by their family or the government because they did not want to deal with them anymore or simply did not have the resources to take care of them. Dr. Mulligan already received a letter of request for his services two weeks before. The letter stated that four patients were found to be qualified Lobotomy, as found out by the Lennox House's resident psychologist, Dr. Vera Gorski, and requested for a surgeon to be sent to Lennox House for the procedure. It was supposed to be Dr. Parsons who was here right now, but due to his wife's recent delivery, the hospital sent him instead. He did not pay much attention to his surroundings, rather, walked right to the information desk and asked for Dr. Gorski's office. After their introductions, Dr. Gorski brought Dr. Mulligan to the operating room where the first patient scheduled to be lobotomized was already strapped to the operating table. As soon as the patient was sedated, Dr. Mulligan proceeded to the sink to properly wash his hands, and as he dried them off, proceeded to take hold of his instruments. Closing his eyes for a brief moment, he let out a small sigh, as he began the procedure. Babydoll's Fantasy It was never about her. It was always about Sweet Pea. Babydoll was just a pawn in their game, and a saviour to Sweet Pea. But, she had no regrets. None at all. At least she was able to save an innocent soul from the burning pits of hell, even if it was in exchange for her own. She shot Sweet Pea one last look, before taking slow, nervous strides towards their enemies. Her last thoughts were of her beloved sister and their beautiful mother before the darkness took over. Babydoll awoke with a slight jolt as she felt what little of the garments she wore being removed. She no longer wanted to resist. She was tired. She just wanted to get everything over with. She would gladly accept death; welcome it with open arms even, just so she could escape this hell of an existence. Even if she found a man who she assumed to be no other than The High Roller, she made no motion to show her hostility. She simply brought her knees to her chest, to cover up what she could, what little dignity was left of her, and listened to what he had to say. Operating Room Lenox House for the Mentally Insane Only a little more time and he would be done. Dr. Mulligan was very tired, both physically and mentally. He just wanted to drown in whisky or vodka. Just as he was about to finally leave, a nurse came up to him and showed him another patient's chart. Evelyn Samantha C. Bennett, 18 years old. Accidentally shot her sister in the head. Depressed since the start of her mother's illness. Became mentally unstable days after the funeral. Exhibited fits of rage and verbal abuse towards her stepfather and sister. Stole various items from the institution. Helped another patient escape... The usual symptoms that he encountered numerous times. \"And just recently, stabbed one of our orderlies, Blue. Good thing he isn't dead,\" the nurse supplied him. He wanted to refuse, and say to the nurse that he had other commitments, but the nurse shot him a desperate look, so he just relented. As they walked back to the operating room, he scanned the patient's chart. She looked as sweet as her name, he thought, and at the same time he pitied the circumstances that she was in. Before anything else, he made sure that all the consent forms were properly signed. Seeing as everything was in order, he prepared equipment and washed his hands when he felt that something was off. He could not point it out exactly, but something was wrong. There was that nagging feeling at the back of his mind that wouldn't go away. I must be just very tired to be feeling this weird , he thought to himself. He composed himself before going out. Seeing that the patient was already strapped to the bed, he immediately stopped the nurse from sedating the patient when he saw her expression. It was a very weird look. In all the years of his medical practice, his career as a surgeon, never had he seen a patient give him an expression like that. Like she had wanted him to do it. Babydoll's Fantasy The High Roller was supposed to make her feel afraid and intimidate her. But, the way he brought himself, the way he spoke, and the things he said made her feel otherwise. He made her feel that she was still a human being. That she wasn't just Babydoll. That she was still a girl of 18, and a girl whose real name was Evelyn. A girl who still had the right to be treated with respect and love. The High Roller showed her respect and kindness. Whether it was to ease her anxiety or not, she found solace in his words. There was always that part of her who yearned for love from her stepfather, but instead he was cruel to them. She only knew what love was from her parents and sister. But all of them were long dead, buried six feet beneath the ground and miles and miles away from her. A thought suddenly came up to her. She had a crush on a boy once, but was too shy to say anything to him. What a silly thought, and too unfitting for a time like this. Then she realized, that deep down, she just wanted to be loved. She just wanted to be desired. Babydoll did not withdraw from the High Roller's advances. The faintest scent of tobacco still lingered around him, and a masculine perfume that was all too comforting. She removed his tie, and slowly unbuttoned his shirt, all the while looking at him in the eye, never breaking contact. She let out small moans as he caressed her sides, the gentle touch of his rough hands surprising her. He continued to whisper things and promises about freedom. The freedom to love , she thought. She just wanted to be loved. And then, they finally closed the gap between them. Operating Room Lennox House for the Mentally Insane \"Don't! Don't sedate her! Call Dr. Gorski right now!\" Dr. Mulligan barked at the male nurse who was about to sedate Babydoll. She had such a serene yet haunting expression. Her eyes perfectly conveyed the message that she was allowing him to do whatever he had to do to her. She had resigned to the fate she was about to receive. Dr. Mulligan heard hurried steps outside and in came Dr. Vera Gorski, looking slightly dishevelled. \"What's wrong, Dr. Mulligan?\" she asked him, confusion setting in. \"I know this sounds crazy but, something is not right with this patient. It's the way she looked at me. It was as if she wanted me to do it, go ahead with the procedure. In all my years of being a surgeon, I have never encountered a situation like this. If she is truly insane, she couldn't have given me that kind of expression. Not with all the symptoms written on her chart,\" Dr. Mulligan explained. Again, he saw confusion in Dr. Gorski's eyes. The woman could only reiterate what the chart had already told him. \"So, why did you authorize this?\" He asked her. An even greater cloud of confusion and nervousness manifested itself in Dr. Gorski's eyes. \"What do you mean? No, I- I absolutely did not! I have never approved of this method anyway from the moment of its conception. How-? How could he. Blue! It was that damn orderly. He forged my signature!\" Dr. Gorski concluded as she snatched the chart away from Dr. Mulligan's hands and looked frantically for her alleged signature. She immediately called for the guards to seize Blue. She apologized profusely to Dr. Mulligan, and went to the Director's office to report the incident, leaving the bewildered Edward behind, his heart still racing and beads of sweat cascading down the sides of his face. He almost committed the biggest mistake of his life. Dr. Mulligan removed the straps from Evelyn. She only stared at him in confusion, and gave a perplexed expression. \"Why didn't you...?\" she asked him, her voice hoarse, as if she hadn't used it in a long time. Edward gave her a sad but relieved smile. \"Sweetie, you're... You weren't supposed to be operated on. There was a mistake,\" he started. He couldn't continue. For some odd reason, this girl had a weird effect on him. As much as the whole situation had shaken him, he felt some sort of connection with Ms. Bennett. He couldn't trust his voice. He just wrapped his arms around her, as she finally broke down and sobbed into his arms. \"Sshh... You're safe now. Dr. Gorski and I... We're going to do everything we can to find out the truth and help you.\" Edward promised her, holding on to her as if she was going to disappear the moment he lets go. Evelyn stilled in his embrace. Gone was the girl who had given him permission to erase who she was, her entire existence. The girl before him wasn't Babydoll. She was a girl named Evelyn. Somewhere in his heart was a sliver of hope. Author's Notes: I know, it looks similar to other stories but I'll do my best to make this different. I hope you read and review. Criticisms are welcome.[Chapter 2] A/N: I don't own Sucker Punch. If I did, the procedure wouldn't have been carried out obviously! Evelyn Samantha Carter Bennett was affectionately called Evie by her parents and younger sister. Her father, head of the Bennett household and also owner of the largest plantation in Vermont, died under mysterious circumstances. He had no known medical condition. He smoked, but not that much. He wasn't a heavy drinker either. He suddenly collapsed while in an important meeting with other landowners. The doctors said it was a heart attack, at least that's what Evelyn had remembered. She was only twelve years old then. Her younger sister, Jackie, was only six when that tragedy occurred. It broke their mother's heart, and she mourned him unhealthily, getting drunk on most nights. Things went for a better turn two years after their father's death, when Evelyn was fourteen years old. Their mother still drank alcohol, but not to the point of getting drunk. She still had that distant look in her eyes when she passes by a photograph of Evelyn's father, but at least she was a whole lot more functional than she was when the memory of his death was still very fresh in their minds. Since the patriarch was no longer there, Evelyn's mother, Charlene, took over the management of the plantation. It was the 1960s, and you seldom hear of owners who were women. Their town had its fill of sexist men. This was the reason why Evelyn's mother was pressured by the other landowners to look for a new husband so she could properly handle the plantation. They always did believe that a man's capacity run businesses were always effective than a woman's. Charlene relented, and eventually married one of her husband's old friends. Charlene wed Randy J. Simmons, a practising lawyer known for his many wins in the court of justice, much to her own and as well as her daughters' dismay. Evelyn knew that their mother loved their father deeply, and that she'd never replace him in her heart. Evelyn was 16 and Jackie just turned 10. During the first few months of their marriage, Randy seemed to be the perfect husband and most doting father to Evelyn and Jackie. Unbeknownst to him, Charlene started to prepare her last will, should anything quite similar to her husband's untimely death also happen to her. Life was cruel anyway, and she would do everything she could to protect her husband's legacy and their daughters. A year into the marriage, Charlene got frequently sick. Evelyn always insisted that they pay a visit to the doctor, but Randy would dismiss her and asked for a doctor he claimed that he knew all his life, to come visit Charlene instead. Nearing two years into their marriage, Charlene Carter Bennett died of a heart attack in her sleep. There wasn't much they could do, the family doctor. He added that they had seen it coming, as the disease only progressed due to Charlene's refusal to get proper treatment, stating that the plantation had to be tended to primarily. That was all a lie of course. Evelyn realized all of it a little too late. Not a week after their mother's death, Evelyn saw the real demon that was Randy. There was no father or mother to protect them now. Jackie could only rely on Evelyn for protection. So it was Evelyn who got most of the hits and blows from Randy. All the dirty looks, she received the end of it. She did her best to protect her sister. A day before her 18th birthday, Evelyn saw from outside the window their family lawyer. Randy was all smiles and greetings as he led the way. It turned sour of course during that night when in a fit of rage after finding out that none of the Bennett properties would be bequeathed to him and that the sisters were the sole heirs to everything the Bennetts owned, he killed Jackie and had Evelyn locked up at Lennox House for the Mentally Insane, claiming that overwhelming depression drove her insane and resulted in her killing her sister and almost killing Randy as well. All of it was a lie. But Evelyn had no one to turn to. She just wanted to die. Die like her parents did. Die like Jackie had just a few hours ago. She felt so helpless. That was until she saw the other patients of Lennox. If she could not accept this reality, she would just have to retreat to the depths of her mind, until she thought of a plan. A plan to hopefully get all of them five girls out of that hellhole. But her plan failed. Blue came back for her. Everything went downhill again – \"Jackie!\" Her cheeks had been wet with tears. She had relived hell through her dreams again. She heard frantic footsteps ascending and in came one of the elder maids. \"Miss! What happened? Are you alright?\" Sarah, an elderly maid that Evelyn had employed, asked in a worried tone and began to inspect for any injuries. \"No... I- I just had a bad dream. I'm sorry to have woken you up,\" Evelyn explained. She assured the maid that she was alright, and that she should go back to bed. Sarah retreated and bade her a good night once again. Evelyn tried to go back to sleep, but her thoughts kept going back to the events that had happened three months ago. Three months ago when she was on the brink of insanity, and in full acceptance of the fate that her existence as Evelyn Bennett was to be erased in this world. She shook her head, and let out a long sigh as she pulled back the covers and closed her eyes once more. The feel of another person's lips pressed onto hers was what woke her the next day. Evelyn touched her lips. It had felt so real. She remembered now. The High Roller had kissed her sweetly as she moaned into his mouth out of pleasure, just moments before Dr. Mulligan pulled her back to reality. A small smile graced her lips as she stared out the window, into the streaming sunlight that had entered the room. Blue was charged for the murders of the two women who were with Evelyn. Everyone, except for Dr. Gorski, were either fired from their posts or replaced. Dr. Gorski had proven her innocence, and even if Evelyn couldn't attest to that, she was sure that Gorski had meant no harm to the patients. Since she was already of age, Evelyn was the sole heir of all the Bennett properties. She was not yet physically and emotionally ready to handle her finances and properties, so she had tasked her new layer to make the arrangements for her. She just wanted to heal herself first. Yes, she had wanted everything that was her to be wiped out. But, Dr. Mulligan proved her otherwise. There was that that spark of hope in his green eyes that had given her hope as well when she was already set on giving up. Dr. Mulligan. The man looked slightly unkempt, dishevelled even. But she was drawn to him, just as she was drawn to the High Roller. She felt like they were kindred souls, waiting to be found by each other as they were still bound to their own demons, haunted by their tragic pasts. Woolbrook Institute of Medicine and Surgery \"Are you sure about this Ed?\" Dr. Parsons asked Edward as the latter handed his resignation letter. Eric Parsons was already fifty-five years old, but they were very good friends and he was Edward's only trusted colleague in the institution. \"Yes, Eric. I've been wanting to for some time now. I might have just been waiting for an opportunity to present itself. Now that it did – it had, I'm quite positive of my decision. I won't have any regrets.\" Edward said with finality in his tone. All the years of being a neurosurgeon, one of the best, had taken its toll on him. He never did like the practise of Lobotomy, but it was the treatment of choice for mental disorders that were deemed to be hopeless. It was found to be THE solution for the criminally insane, and unstable patients who were a threat to themselves, other patients and the healthcare workers. It was the temporary answer to the lack of effective psychiatric drugs. \"I understand. And I know that, even after all these years, you still blame yourself, but - ,\" \"No,\" Edward said firmly, his grip on the chair tightening. \"I – That's not the issue here. I just want change. And I don't think I can achieve that change if I stay here. If I stay in this profession,\" he reasoned out. The crease in his brow was more prominent now, as he tried to push the thoughts away. He did not want to remember it. \"Okay. But we'll still go fishing when I'm not busy with surgeries. Okay?\" Eric finally relented. Edward let out a sigh of relief, and shook hands with the man as he gave Eric a tight hug and left the office. Three months ago, his decision might have been the same, but there was no catalyst. The connection he felt upon seeing Evelyn Bennett. He had seen a lot of tortured souls. Evelyn was not any different from the others, as he too saw the torment and sorrow in her eyes that day. But, it was that look that perplexed him. She looked at him with trust and permission. No insane person would give that kind of look. Edward had not seen her since, not after that day when he promised her the things he had, but that didn't mean that he had not kept up with the news. He still kept in touch with Dr. Gorski, wanting to make sure that she was in good hands when it came to her therapy. He knew of her progress, and that she was safe now. He had just hoped that maybe their paths would cross again someday.[Chapter 3] Author's Notes: I do not own Sucker Punch. So sorry for the late update, had so many things going in with my life. This is really just a filler update, but thanks for waiting and reading again. \"Suffering from post traumatic stress disorder is a great deal even for adults my age, Evelyn. But you have made wonderful progress,\" A delighted Dr. Gorski had told Evelyn one afternoon during their session. Evelyn had noticed that the older woman in front of her had changed as well. She had cut her hair shorter, and gone was the nervous and unsure tinge in her voice. She also exhibited a lighter aura than she did a few months back. Dr. Gorski may have had looked older due to the stress they all experienced all those months ago, but at least she was visibly happier now. After their session ended, Evelyn decided to visit the cemetery. She knew how to drive now and bought her own car so that she had something to use for transportation whenever she had the sudden impulse to go away and just be by herself. This would mark the first time that she would be able to visit Jackie's grave. She didn't have the strength to do so a few months earlier after the whole ordeal. When she got to the cemetery, she immediately asked where her sister's grave was located. She was upset to see that Jackie had been laid to rest with just a simple and cheap-looking tombstone that had only marked her name, date of birth and death. She made a mental note to talk to the staff if she could arrange for her sister and parents to be re-buried in one place. That sick bastard , she thought to herself angrily. Right then from the beginning, she felt that Randy was just trouble. What she had not determined was the gravity of the cruelty he had projected upon them. What sickened and angered her more was when it was found out from further investigations that he was the one who plotted the murders of her parents. It was his plan all along to take everything away from them. She had since then vowed that she would always be vigilant with everything and everyone. She promised herself, Jackie and her parents, that she would be stronger. She won't be abused for the second time. \"I miss all of you,\" Evelyn said, tears streaming down her cheeks. How fitting it was that it had already started raining as well. \"I'm sorry I wasn't strong enough for Jackie, mom and dad. I should have been strong enough to stop him, but I was weak. I'm so, so sorry. I hope you could forgive me,\" she continued on. She cried as the rain poured harder. This was better than hiding in a closet at her house, or hiding from the maids and trying her best to hide the pain. She just let it all out. Woolbrook Institute of Medicine and Surgery \"That's the last of the boxes,\" Edward said to the men as he directed them to a couple of boxes on the floor. His office was now nearly devoid of his things, save for the chair and table. He loved medicine, but the past haunting him and catching up just made the practice more difficult since it greatly affected his own judgments as a medical doctor. 'No. It's not healthy to cling on to that memory.' Edward thought to himself. He blocked his thoughts, afraid that he'd be a mess again before he could even leave the office. He took one last look before closing the door for the last time. As he drove home, he couldn't help but remember Evelyn. Babydoll , he remembered Gorski telling him, with which he assumed was her nickname. It suited her perfectly, because she was like a porcelain doll, far too valuable to be just about anywhere and far too fragile for careless hands to handle. He had seen a lot of tortured souls in various asylums that he had visited to perform lobotomy on patients. It was not his first time at Lennox House, as during the early days of the procedure's conception, he accompanied a senior doctor there one time to observe the procedure. He didn't want this kind of help for those suffering from mental illnesses, but at the time and currently, there have been no effective drugs for the depraved mind. He could only hope and pray that new and humane methods and medications would be developed soon, so that the barbaric practice of lobotomy will finally be put to an end. Edward stepped out of the car and looked above the peaceful blue sky. It was as if he was freed from all the demons he had in him. For years, Woolbrook was like a second home to him, but later on became the source of his anguish. This is what freedom feels like , he thought to himself. Bennett Mansion Evelyn received the news that Blue Jones had been finally convicted for the years of sexual abuse that he had inflicted on some long-term patients at Lennox House, and for forging Dr. Gorski's documents more than once. Randy, that evil bastard , Evelyn thought, was found guilty for the murders of her parents and sister. Finally, God gave her the justice she fervently prayed for. She had always suspected that her father's death was unusual. So was her mother's. Jackie... She could not fall back to depression again. Her family's legacy will still be alive through her. The family business will not be put to waste, as Randy had done so during the days she was incarcerated at Lennox House, mismanaged their properties and stole a lot of money. The damage had been done, and all that she could do was fix whatever she could and salvage what was left. She was barely out of high school though, she still had to complete her senior year. Evelyn did her best to excel at school, dismissing the looks of pity and curiosity that never failed to leave other students' or teachers' eyes as they passed by her in the halls. She had to be strong. She had not done everything that she did at Lennox House just so she'd get out weak and far too damaged to get back on her feet. No, she'd prove to everyone that she was capable of standing up again. She still went to see Dr. Gorski for therapy once or twice a week, and noted of the progress that she had made. The nightmares haven't stopped completely, and she knew that she still had years ahead of her to remain with that. But, she did not wake up screaming and sweating in the middle of the night, at least not that frequently anymore. ","Summary":" Author's Notes/Rant: Yeah, so I know that this movie was years ago, but, I just found out about the"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Language of Flowers","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13033268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cora was never a big flower girl. Oh, sure, she liked the way they looked and smelled and she knew what some of the more basic ones were called, but she had never been into the whole \"language of flowers\" thing. Sure, it seemed cool to her that different flowers could convey different things, but to her, it was a bit needless. In Cora's world, flowers were always gifts of love. The only thing that might vary slightly was what kind of love it was. For example, roses were romantic, yellow flowers were platonic, and white could be considered comforting since white flowers were often associated with funerals, but that was just Cora's point. Even though each of the flowers meant something different, they were all still the same underneath: gifts of love. Because of that, she never saw the point in trying to understand the technicalities of the language of flowers. She only knew that they were pretty, and that when June gave them to her, her heart would flutter and soar. Did she really need to know more to understand what June was trying to convey every time she gave Cora flowers? Cora didn't think so. \"Hey, Cora!\" June caught Cora as she was headed over to their city's library. \"June! Good morning!\" Cora called back. She was pleasantly surprised to see her friend this early. Usually, June didn't even wake until 8:00, so to see her out and about at 8:00 was quiet the surprise. And it was even more surprising because the last time Cora had seen June, June was out cold, and that had only been about 30 minutes ago at this point. \"Wait up!\" June continued as she ran closer and closer. Cora could see a bag in her hand. \"I'm not going anywhere,\" Cora replied with an amused chuckle as June continued to fly down the sidewalk to meet her. Once they were together, June bent over a little and put her hands on her knees, breathing hard. \"Well. You're up early,\" Cora remarked, still amused and surprised by June's little visit. \"Yeah. Well. I had to give you this, today,\" June replied, then she stood up and opened the bag. Inside was a garland of violets. \"Oh! June! It's beautiful,\" Cora smiled, taking the strand of flowers from her best friend and draping them around her neck. \"You like them?\" June sounded hopeful. She was twisting the handle of the bag, almost like she was anxious about something. \"Of course!\" Cora replied. Why would June think otherwise? June knew Cora always loved getting flowers from her! Though violets did seem to be a very random choice, but then again, perhaps it was more of June's uniqueness. After all, the flowers she'd gotten Cora before were always like lavenders, mallows, pansies or green carnations, never anything normal like a red rose or a yellow flower. \"Then would you like to go to the dance with me?\" June asked next, pulling out a flyer from her bag. The flyer was advertising some public event run by a nearby high school. It was supposed to be like a mini-prom. Guests were still expected to get dressed up, but it was not going to be quite as costly or fancy and it was going to be outdoors and anyone was invited, not just school members. It was a community prom, basically. \"Really, June? A dance?\" Cora teased her friend. \"You are such a hopeless romantic!\" \"Well, you know me,\" she grinned shyly, gesturing to the violets at Cora's neck. \"Now is that a yes?\" she asked. Why did she sound so nervous? \"Of course,\" Cora promised, and June looked like a huge burden had been lifted off of her shoulders. Seriously, what was going on with her? \"Will you wear the violets too?\" June asked next. \"Well, it'll be a bit hard to dance and party with these things wrapped around my neck and shoulders, but I will wear them if you want me to,\" Cora replied with a shrug. She had meant this to be a positive statement since she was agreeing to wear the violets, but June's reaction was the total opposite. She didn't look pleased or grateful for Cora's reply. She looked hurt, embarrassed and... angry? What? \"Because I want you to?\" June asked, sounding deeply hurt. What had Cora said? \"I wanted you to wear them because you would've wanted to wear them! I had a matching garland for myself...\" \"Well, then of course I'll wear them! It's no big deal! They're just flowers. I'll get used to them!\" Cora tried to soothe her friend, but it seemed that with every word she said, she only made it worse. June looked angry now, along with still looking very hurt and miserable. \"You know what? Never mind. It was a stupid idea anyway,\" she grunted. \"I don't really dance, and nor do you...\" then she excused herself from Cora's presence, ignoring Cora's attempts to call her back and understand what she had said that was so offensive. Later that evening, a couple hours before the dance, it all became clear. Cora had been entirely unable to figure out why her casual agreement to wear the flowers had been taken so poorly, so she decided to actually go in and study the language of flowers. Since she was already on her way to the library, that wasn't a very tough thing to do. She simply made sure to stop by the books about flowers. After accidently skimming through several garden manuals and science books about the history and anatomy of various types of plants, Cora finally found a book that explained, in detail, what every single individual flower could mean. It was a very heavy and long book, but that made sense given that it was ambitious enough to try and explain every single flower out there in every context that could come up. For example, a red rose didn't just symbolize romance. It could also symbolize the blood of Jesus Christ. It just depended upon the context. And the same went for a white lily. They could either stand for purity, or the soul of a departed, based upon the context. It was a very good read. At last, Cora got to the page about violets. They could represent royalty, individuality or faith, among other things, but the definition that really caught Cora's eye was the one filed under romance. Violets, like many other flowers, could stand for romantic love. That part wasn't the interesting part. The interesting part came next, describing exactly what type of romantic love violets stood for: the love between two women. Violets were flowers for lesbian or bisexual women. And where had this trend come from? Well, if the book was true, it came from an ancient Greek poet named Sappho. In one of her songs, she had been trying to woo another woman, and she did this by giving her a garland of violets. Oh. Suddenly, it all became clear to Cora, and she had never felt more embarrassed or awkward. She quickly looked up green carnation, mallow, pansy and lavender, all of the other flowers June had given to her before. Similar results came up. On the green carnation page, it said that these particular flowers were tied to homosexuality thanks to the rumor stating that the infamous Victorian author, Oscar Wilde, had worn them upon the lapel of his coats. In short, green carnations were the Victorian male's version of Sapphic violets. On the mallow page, it was because, around the same time Oscar Wilde was alive, the color \"mauve\" had been tied to homosexuality and effeminate men. Guess what color mallows were? As for pansies, it was because the term had also been somewhat of an insult. For a man to be a pansy was for him to be effeminate, weak, wimpy and/or gay. It was around this time that Cora remembered something vaguely stirring up in the back of her mind... In the middle of the Roaring 20s, about a decade ago now, there were these things called Pansy Clubs. They were in full swing, like speakeasies. What differed between the two, however, was that Pansy Clubs were explicitly open to gay people, whereas a speakeasy was more general. So there was another parallel June was offering up. Cora just hadn't remembered this one because she and June had only been little kids around this time, having not even met yet. If Cora was correct, she and June would've both been about the age of 8 during the peak of Pansy Clubs. As if anyone would let someone that young go to a bar, regardless of what sexual orientation the people inside claimed. It was the mid-30s now, and things were receding, practically going backwards. There weren't many Pansy Clubs left, and homosexuality was a big taboo. Just reading about what all these flowers meant were making Cora uncomfortable, but she couldn't stop reading. Why? On the page with lavenders, something similar to the pansy situation arose. For a man to have \"a streak of lavender\" was for that man to be effeminate and/or gay. In fact, several poems written back in the 20s had compared men to lavenders, and in exactly zero cases was the man in the poem very masculine. Another example tying lavender to homosexuality came from a phrase that Cora actually did know, though somehow had not managed to connect with June despite how obvious it all was. That phrase was \"Lavender Marriage\". It was when a gay actor in Hollywood would marry a partner of the opposite sex to hide the fact that they weren't straight. This little tidbit right here was why Cora was still reading a book mentioning homosexuality, despite the big taboo on the topic again. She was actually planning on perusing a career as a Hollywood actress and it had occurred to her, several times over, that she might have to enter a Lavender Marriage herself... That was right. Cora was homosexual, lesbian, gay, whatever the term was today. But it was something no one else knew. Not even June. As liberal as June appeared to be, she and Cora had only become friends because it was easier to room together in NYC than it was to try and rent their own separate rooms. They had lived together for about a year and a half now, but Cora still wasn't sure how trustworthy June was. Sure, June had made the occasional gay joke, but anyone could. Cora had no way of accurately gaging was June's reaction might've been if Cora would've ever come out to her. After all, her own parents had been quite amused by the concept of homosexuality. At least until their daughter admitted that she was \"afflicted\" with it. She hadn't seen them since the day they told her to leave. But now here Cora sat, alone in the city library while reading about gay flowers. It all hit Cora smack in the face like a ton of bricks then. The things that should've been so painfully obvious before finally became clear to her now. All along, all of these flowers from June had been more than affectionate gifts, they had been confessions of love. Romantic love. And Cora, stupid Cora, hadn't even realized it all because she hadn't thought to ever learn the language of flowers! But now? Now Cora understood what June had been hinting at for so long. And it wasn't just platonic friendship. All along, Cora had gone with the times and returned to her closet, constantly wondering if June would've reacted to her homosexuality the same way her parents had, only to now discover that not only would June have been fine with it, but that she might not have been any straighter than Cora was. If the flowers spoke the truth, June was in love with Cora. And Cora hadn't even realized it. \"I can't believe what an idiot I've been!\" Cora cried to herself as she returned the book on the language of flowers back to its shelf. \"She's given me flowers for a long time now and even asked me to a dance. How could I have not seen it sooner?!\" she muttered. Chastising herself for not trying to understand June's flowery talk earlier, the young woman ran all the way home. The dance was just an hour away, but with any luck, that was all Cora would need to amend her mistake and show June that she finally, finally understood what all of those petaled gifts had meant. Cora couldn't believe she hadn't noticed June's attraction earlier! All the touches, caresses and stares? All of the flowers and nervousness, especially today? Cora was the biggest and blindest moron on the planet! She cursed the heteronormative world around herself and cursed herself for having ever feared what June might've thought about her. Hopefully, June wouldn't stay too angry... Cora paused outside the door to her and June's apartment. Around her neck was the very same garland of violets as before, but she had weaved green carnations, lavenders, pansies and mallows into them this time around. In her hand was a copy of Sappho's poem that she had copied from another one of the library's older books. Although it was a bit hard to understand, first being translated from Greek and then still written in a very old-fashioned form of the English language, Cora had been able to make out the general gist of it. Sappho was mourning her unrequited love and begged Aphrodite to put her out of her misery. Aphrodite answered her call and came to visit the forlorn poet, but not to put her out of her misery. On the contrary, Aphrodite had come to assure Sappho that, in time, the woman that seemed so blind to her affections now would one day return them with the same intensity that Sappho was currently feeling for her. Cora might've been blind to June's earlier affections, but she certainly wasn't blind to the irony of the poem and the parallels it seemed to share with her life. Now, it was time for Sappho's lover to do as Aphrodite had predicted so many eons ago and come to Sappho with newly opened eyes and newly opened arms. Cora held her breath as she knocked on the door. June opened it, green eyes sad and tired, but when she saw what Cora was wearing and holding, her face lit up even brighter than the sun in her namesake month. An hour later, hidden under the cover of darkness, two young women sat in the community park. Both of them wore decently pretty dresses and had simple jewelry on. They were surrounded by many other people in a similar type of clothing, dancing or resting all throughout the rest of the little park. The two young women only had eyes for one another, however, and did not see anyone else. Their arms and flowers were draped around each other's neck. Aphrodite would've been proud. AN: Another randomly inspired June/Cora that talks about some old-fashioned queer symbols, especially in flowers. You can find everything I've listed online, so I swear none of this is fake, even though some of it might not be very well known. In addition, if you notice, June and Cora's names both have Greek origins (sort of). June was based off the Roman goddess of marriage, Juno, who was based off of Hera. Ironic that one as rebellious as June would be named after the goddess who was supposed to be the perfect image of a woman: a wife and mother. And doubly ironic, too, that the month of marriage is also Pride Month and we all know June was at least a little gay for Cora. But as for Cora? It's based off of Kore, meaning \"maiden\", and it was Persephone's original name before being dragged off to the Underworld by Hades. Strange, isn't it, how their names are almost backwards? Cora is the \"perfect\" woman and June is the \"hell bound\" one, yet Cora is named after the Queen of the Underworld and June is named after the ultimate matriarch. Sorry, I'm too invested in names, meanings, mythology and symbolism, especially as it pertains to the queer community or this fandom. Also, the poem is called \"Ode to Aphrodite\". You can decide how to interpret it. ","Summary":" Cora was never a big flower girl. Oh, sure, she liked the way they looked and smelled and she knew "},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"My Soul is Yours","Author":"TheLittle-Wizard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11918019","Passage":"[Chapter 1] C'était comme cela tout les jours, tout les soirs. Cela faisait depuis l'âge de ses neuf ans. Depuis ce jour funeste ou la mère de la jeune enfant qu'elle était avait succombé à un cancer généralisé. C'est à partir de jour ou la vie d'Alice Saxon à changer en pire. C'était le même rituel depuis ce fameux 26 décembre 1965 que la jeune enfant qu'est Alice subit les violences de son père ainsi que de sa famille. Souvent dans sa chambre à encaisser les coups, les insultes tout les soirs sans broncher. Plusieurs fois quand le médecin de la famille vint l'ausculter, son père trouva toujours une excuse à dire : « Une chute dans les escaliers », « Elle s'est faite cela en voulant se saigner.. Croyez-moi Docteur, ma fille est folle. ». Cette fois-ci, quand le médecin de la famille arriva pour voir la jeune femme maintenant âgée de treize ans qui avait des lésions dans le dos et un bleu au ventre le père lui demanda un certificat d'internement. Le médecin avait refusé ne comprenant pourquoi même s'il se doutait que quelques se passait, mais il n'en était pas sûr. Les mois défilèrent jusqu'à ce qu'Alice, à bout de force encaissa encore une remarque. Sans faire attention, ses mains avaient lâché le plat que la grand-mère avait préparé. Rapidement, elle s'était agenouillée pour ramasser. « Alice ! Qu'est ce que tu as encore fait comme connerie ! », tel était les mots qui sortaient de la bouche du paternel. « Tu sert décidément à rien ! T'aurais mieux fait de crevé à la naissance ! Regarde-moi quand je te parle petite conne ! » Il l'avait attrapé par le col de la chemise de nuit et l'avait baffé sur la joue. La tête d'Alice se tourna sous le coup. Quand elle tourna la tête vers lui, d'un geste défensif elle ouvrit la bouche puis planta ses dents dans la main de son père et ne lâcha pas prise. Le père retint un cris de douleur et se mit à frapper la tête de sa fille contre la table pour qu'elle le lâche. Elle encaissa encore et encore jusqu'à lâcher prise. Le sang coulant le long de son front. Le lendemain, le médecin revint pour la soigner. Alice était dans sa chambre. « Toc toc toc » Soudainement, elle se crispa de peur. La poignet s'enclencha et la porte s'ouvrit sur le médecin . -Alice ? Je suis venu te soigner. La jeune femme s'était muée dans un silence morbide. Elle refusait de parler, les yeux rivé vers le sol. Il s'approcha de l'enfant. Il prit la chaise pour s'asseoir en face d'elle. -Alice, je dois savoir s'il se passe des choses... Mais elle secoua la tête négativement affichant un faux sourire. -Je me suis prit les pieds dans des fils... Ne vous en faites pas docteur. Il sortit de quoi la soigner. Un bandage et le tour est joué. Il resta perplexe et lui confit une petite carte en cas de danger. -Si jamais tu as un problème, tu peux m'en parler. Je ne dirais rien, ni à ton père, ni à sa famille. La jeune ado le regarda. -Je vais bien ! Mais sa voix disait le contraire. Puis le soir arriva. Alice était en train de faire la vaisselle. Son père finissait de manger. Alors que la jeune femme s'approcha pour prendre l'assiette vide de son père elle ferma un œil sous la peur. Mais rien, aucun geste de sa part. Un soulagement. Alors qu'elle était en train de ranger la vaisselle, une des assiettes lui échappa des mains et se fracassa contre le sol. « Bordel Alice ! » Une ombre au dessus de son petit corps, elle se retourna. La peur se lisait dans ses yeux. Ses pieds ne touchaient plus le sol. L'air se faisait rare. -Qu'est ce que j'ai fait pour hérité d'une incapable !? Pourquoi j'ai sauté ta mère !? Dis-moi ce que j'ai fait pour avoir une gamine aussi gourde que toi ! Il serra sa prise sur le cou de la jeune femme. -Réponds moi petite conne ! La main de la jeune ado parcourra avec de mal le plan de travail jusqu'à trouver la route d'une fourchette. Elle l'a saisit et d'un geste rapide, l'enfonça dans la poitrine de son père avec le peu de force qu'elle avait. Sous le coups de la surprise, le père la jeta contre le mur. Elle essaya de se lever mais la douleur dans son dos était là. Elle toussa. L'air revenait dans ses petits poumons. Quand soudain un pied s'appuya contre son torse. -Qu'est ce que je t'ai fais Licee !? Pourquoi tu me fait tourner comme un con ?! L'enfant hurla de douleur. -Réponds moi ! hurla le père sous la colère. Elle essaya de trouver de l'air mais le poids du pied de son père bloquait tout. Sous un dernier soupire, le père vacilla. La grand-mère ayant entendu le bruit décida de venir voir se passer dans la cuisine. Quand elle vit le corps de la petite en train de planter à plusieurs reprise la simple fourchette, elle s'avança vers la gamine tentant de la détacher du corps mort de son fils. Lorsqu'elle attrapa Alice au niveau de la cage thoracique, l'enfant ne pu contenir un crie de douleur et la petite blonde lâcha prise. -Qu'est ce t'as prit ?! Es-tu tombé sur la tête !? D'un geste qui fut radical, la grand-mère gifla l'enfant. La tête d'Alice se tourna avec un filet de sang coulant le long de sa lèvre. Elle regarda la vieille femme avec un regard vide de vie. Quelques heures plus tard, la police était sur les lieux. L'un des policier inspectant le corps mort dans la cuisine et le second à rassurer la grand-mère ainsi que le troisième à s'occuper de l'enfant. -Savez vous qui a fait ça madame... La vieille femme montra du regard l'enfant haute comme trois pommes. -Vous rigolez ? Une enfant ? -Vous auriez du voir comment elle s'est déchaîner sur son père. Mon pauvre fils. Il a perdu sa femme. Paix à leurs âme. Il faut l'enfermée. Alice était dans le canapé, elle s'était endormie à l'aide d'un tranquillisant. -Elle a gâchée la vie de mon fils. Si jamais il avait pas rencontré sa mère, rien de tout cela serait arrivé. Le policier regarda la dame. -Je veillerais à ce qu'on vous appel pour prendre de vos nouvelles. -Ce n'est pas nécessaire M. l'agent. Il tendit une petite carte de visite. -Appelez cet endroit, je pense qu'il réglera tout vos souci et au moins vous pourriez placé votre petite-fille pour la faire soignée. Le policier se leva de sa chaise et sortie du couloir et rejoignit le médecin de l'équipe dans la cuisine avec son collègue qui était sur place. Les heures ont passés. La vieille dame avait appelé pour un internement immédiat et une date de sortie indéterminé. Avec l'aide d'une voisine, elle déposa sa petite-fille sur la banquette arrière et alla devant au volant. Quand elle se réveilla c'était face à un manoir : « LENNOX HOUSE ». La peur l'envahit alors. Deux hommes en blouse blanche vinrent la relever et la conduire à l'intérieur de l'é de la grand-mère paternel qui avait décidé de ceci. Elle appuya sur la sonnette. Elle parla avec la dame de l'accueil qui lui donna le formulaire. Puis elle ouvrit la porte. Les hommes tira l'enfant avec eux. Après plusieurs pas et une fois le formulaire remplis, les hommes s'arrêtèrent face à un autre homme qui avait les bras croisés se tenant devant la porte. Alice commença à avoir les jambes qui tremblaient. Quand elle se trouva face à l'homme qui était plus grand qu'elle, Alice leva son regard. L'homme l'a regarda avant de regarder la dame. -Vous devez-être la grand mère ? -En effet, dit la vieille femme en tendant le formulaire L'homme aux cheveux brun prit le formulaire le regardant brièvement avant de le mettre entre son bras et son torse. -Bien, dit-il en prenant la clé qu'il avait autour de son cou, suivez-moi nous allons l'emmener dans le théâtre. Il ouvrit aussitôt la porte et passa, laissant entrer ensuite ses hommes et la gamine ainsi que la vieille femme. -Le Docteur Gorski voudra voir de quoi elle à l'air. Elle veut voir toute les nouvelles, dit-il en refermant la porte. -J'aurais juste un conseil à vous donner... Surveillez-là. -'Vous en faites pas Mamie, tout va bien se passer. A vrai dire, c'est moi qui fait tourner la baraque. Puis il se retourna eux, -Par ici, suivez-moi. Après avoir longer plusieurs couloirs, l'homme se retrouva devant une une porte. -Donc voici ce qu'on appel... Le théâtre. Il était de dos et l'ouvrit puis avança dans la pièce. Alice regarda la pièce. Toujours aussi silencieuse. Des bruits pouvaient se faire entendre jusqu'à ce qu'une bagarre éclate entre deux internées. -Les filles ! Il s'avança vers le cœur de la pièce faisant avancer Alice en même temps. -Venez, dit-il à l'intention de la vieille dame. La dame avait suivit. -Vous êtes sûre qu'elle sera... Enfin... Il donna les ordres aux deux hommes jusqu'à ce que la dispute soit finie. Puis il expliqua à la grand-mère qu'il lui faudrait l'argent au plus vite et que si elle voulait que la gamine reste ici définitivement, il fallait un peu plus. -Pour que je la garde durant toute sa vie, il faudra voir plus vous voyez... Car une fois que le Docteur Gorski à finit ce qu'elle devrait faire et qu'elle dit qu'elle est apte à quitter l'établissement, elle le fera. Il leva son regard vers la dame. -Donc il faudra mettre un petit peu plus... On avait dit mille cinq-cent... Je vais devoir monter à mille sept-cent... Il en va de soit que je falsifierait les papier du docteur. J'ai déjà imiter sa signature donc la chose sera facile. Alice écoutait attentivement. La porte étant toujours ouverte. -Ai-je le choix... Promettez-le moi, dit la vieille en sortant l'argent de son porte monnaie. -Vous avez ma parole. La gamine tenta une tentative de fuite mais rapidement l'homme la retenu par le col du tee-shirt. -Vous voyez mamie, j'ai les chose en.. Il sentit les petite dent se planter dans la peau de sa main. -Bon courage à vous. C'est une petite garce. -C'est pas une petite morsure qui va me faire mal, avoua l'homme. Et bien sur, ce n'était pas tombé dans l'oreille d'un sourd qu'Alice mordit plus fort. « SBAF » Alice avait lâché prise, une grosse marque sur la joue. -Elle ne tentera rien mamie. Puis il se mit à la hauteur de la gamine. -Hein tu ne tentera rien, il regarda le formulaire pour regarder le prénom. Alice c'est ça ? L'enfant avait la marque sur la joue. Elle resta de silence à fixer le sol apeuré. Une fois la grand mère partie, l'homme regarda l'enfant. -Tu as fais quoi pour être ici... Mais aucune réponse sorti de la bouche d'Alice. -Quand je te parle, tu me réponds... D'accord ? La petite hocha la tête d'un oui mais aucun son sorti. Elle avait encore mal à sa gorge. L'homme la regarda la tira vers hors du « Théâtre » pour l'emmener à sa chambre. -Tu ne t'appelles plus « Alice » Mais « Leecy » compris... Au faite, moi c'est Blue. La jeune ado le laissa la traîner tout en l'écoutant -Je sais ce que tu as fait par ta grand-mère mais, je pense qu'il y a une autre version, la tienne. Et le Docteur Gorski aimerait l'entendre. Il la laissa dans la chambre. -Un conseil, retrouve vite la parole. Alice se retourna vers lui levant la tête laissant paraître une marque encore très fraîche mais aussi très rouge autour de son cou. Blue s'approcha et regarda de près. -Je comprends mieux ton silence. Il a du appuyer fort non ? Alice le regarda de ses yeux livide. -Arrête de me fixer avec ses yeux là ! La main de Blue se stoppa pile devant la gorge. Il regarda l'enfant avant de baisser sa main. Bizarrement, elle s'y était préparée. -Dépêches-toi, j't'attends dehors. Une fois seule dans sa chambre, l'enfant se dénuda. Elle avait un corps frêle et blanchâtre. Elle avait que très peu de forme. Ses cheveux étaient aussi sec que de la paille. Ses cicatrices dans son dos en disaient long sur ces années de souffrances. Elle attrapa le tee-shirt qui était sur son lit et l'enfila. Elle fit de même pour le pantalon. Bien sur, ce qu'Alice ne savait pas c'est que Blue l'observait. -Tu as finis ? Demanda la voix masculine derrière la porte. La jeune ado s'avança vers la porte l'ouvrant. -Bien, suit moi je vais te faire visiter. Déjà tu as vu où se trouve ta chambre.[Chapter 2] La jeune enfant, une fois prête, ouvrit la porte. Elle était vêtue d'un ensemble gris à manche courte. Son regard était comme d'habitude : vide de vie. -Bon suit moi p'tite, j'te fais visiter et je te donnerais ton boulot à faire. Alice ne répondit pas. Enfin elle ne voulait pas. Elle se mordit la lèvre inférieur et comme elle le faisait, un léger filament de sang coula le long de sa petite lèvre. Blue arqua un sourcil. Il s'avança vers elle la saisissant par les épaules. -Ne fais pas ça... Je suis là pour t'aider à te soigner. Alice leva son regard vers lui et lâcha la pression que ses dents exercèrent sur sa lèvre. -N'ai pas peur... D'accord ? Dit Blue en fixant l'enfant. -Je n'ai pas peur... C'était la première fois que Blue entendit la petite voix faible d'Alice. Il fut étonné intérieurement de la lenteur de la voix. Normalement une enfant devrait avoir cette « joie » de vivre. Mais ce n'était pas, enfin plus, le cas d'Alice. -Alors suit-moi. L'homme commença à marcher et l'enfant le suivit. Alice regarda autour d'elle. Ils passèrent devant la cuisine. -Si jamais tu as faim, tu me demande. Compris ? Elle hocha la tête pour dire « oui » Puis, Blue continua sa visite. Il expliqua à Alice ce qu'il fallait. -Bien sur il en va de soit que tu entame une nouvelle ici et qu'il faudra que tu participes aux tâches. Il ne savait pas s'il parlait dans le vide ou non. Mais en regardant l'enfant à ses côtés il compris dans son regard qu'elle l'écoutait. Il s'arrêta et se retourna vers elle, se mettant à sa hauteur, posant sa main sur la joue de la petite. -Dommage que tu n'est que treize ans. Les yeux bleu d'Alice le fixait. Elle ne comprenait pas encore le sens de cette phrase. Elle savait que sa vie ici serait « mieux ». Puis, Blue se remit à sa taille et lui prit la main pour l'emmener dans le théâtre pour la laisser avec sa collègue polonaise. -Elle, c'est Vera Gorski, c'est elle qui s'occupera de ton suivi psychologique. Puis, il regarda le docteur. -Vera ! Tu peux venir ?! Le Docteur Gorski qui était en train de remplir des formulaires profitant que les autres filles soient occupées à faire leurs tâches. -Oui Blue ? -Je te présente la petite nouvelle. -Quel âge ? -Treize ans, répondit l'homme. Vera regarda la petite qui s'était cachée derrière Blue. -A croire qu'elle vous aime bien, lança le docteur sur un ton moqueur. -Justement, qu'elle s'attache pas trop. Blue s'écarta et partit dans son bureau laissant la petite Alice face au docteur. Alice regarda le Docteur et la suivit vers la scène. Elle était déjà venu au « Théâtre », quand Blue avait fais une courte visite. -Comment t'appelles-tu ? -Alice, répondit l'enfant. -Existe-t-il un lien avec le roman du même nom ? La petite blonde secoua la tête de « non ». Mais peut-être qu'elle se trompait. -Qu'elle âge as-tu ? -Treize ans... et demi, répondit-elle en mimant avec ses doigts. Le docteur nota sur une feuille. Puis, elle se leva. -Je vais profiter qu'on soit que toutes les deux. Je vais te mettre une musique qui sera Ta Musique. Laisse toi aller d'accord ? Gorski se dirigea vers l'espèce de magnéto et enroula la bande son autour de plusieurs petit cône cylindré avant de mettre la fameuse musique. -Dans ce monde que tu imagines, tu as les clés Alice. Tu contrôle ce monde. Tu contrôle ce qui te fais peur. La petite regarda le docteur. Elle ferma ses petit yeux et écouta la musique avant de se laisser allée. Lorsque que Alice ouvrit les yeux, ce n'était plus dans l'Asile que son esprit était mais dans l'histoire que lui contait sa mère : « Alice au pays des Merveilles ». Alice se rappelait des mots suivant « Si jamais tu n'es pas bien ma Alice, ferme les yeux et imagine s-toi un monde comme Alice! » Elle regarda ses mains, elles étaient habillées de mitaines blanches et noires. Ensuite, son regard se porta vers ses pieds ou des petits souliers anglais noir les ornés. Ses jambes, quant à elles , étaient vêtus d'un collant blanc. Son corps était recouvert d'une petite robe bleue avec un tablier blanc attaché à l'aide d'un gros nœud papillon dans son dos. Ses cheveux étaient plus long, ondulés. Son teint toujours aussi pâle laissant ressortir ses petits yeux bleu. La petite regarda autour d'elle, elle pouvait y voir une dizaine de porte. Elle s'avança vers l'une d'entre elle et ouvrit la plus proche et tomba face à un mur de brique. Elle tenta la porte d'à coté mais celle-ci donnait également sur un mur. Elle ouvrit ainsi toutes les portes, tomba toujours sur le même résultat. Elle soupira de frustration, les joues gonflées et se retourna voyant un rideau. Elle s'avança vers ce dernier et le tira vers la gauche pour l'ouvrir. Elle remarqua que la taille de la porte était largement plus petite que les autres. -Comment je vais faire... C'est fermé à clé et puis j'suis bien trop grande pour passé la porte. Si seulement j'étais aussi petite qu'une souris ! Elle se retourna vers le centre et vit un guéridon de verre. Elle s'y approcha et remarqua la clé. Mais son regard fut captivé par la petite fiole qui ornait aussi la table. Elle reposa la clé et saisit la petite bouteille de verre avec l'étiquette : Buvez-moi. -Je veux bien mais Maman me dit toujours de vérifier s'il n'y a pas marqué poison. Elle inspecta la bouteille de font en combe. -Il y a rien alors... Elle haussa les épaules avant de décapuchonner le flacon puis porta le goulot à sa bouche. Elle buva la moitié du liquide et de reposer le fiole sur la table. Elle recula de plusieurs pas en regardant le plafond qui soudain, lui paraissait plus loin et plus haut qu'avant. -Qu'est ce que ! S'étonna-t-elle. Je rétrécis ! Elle rigola comme une enfant. Elle en avait rêvait et son rêve devenait réel ! Mais plus elle rapetissait, plus les vêtement qu'elle portait devinrent rapidement trop grand. Et ce fut sous une canopée de tissu que l'enfant se retrouva ensevelit. Quand elle sortit de ce dernier, elle ne faisait plus que vingt-cinq centimètre. Autrement dit la taille idéale pour passer la porte. Alors, elle se mit à courir vers celle-ci. Une fois devant, elle essaya de l'ouvrir mais impossible ! Soudainement, elle tilta qu'il y avait la clé sur la table. Puis, un bruit sourd surgit. Un bruit de pas. Un fracas de porte C'était lui, son père. Alice commença à paniquer. -Alice ! Résonna la voix du docteur. Ce monde, seulement Toi tu le contrôle. Il ne peux rien t'arriver. Elle bougeait dans tout les sens et criait de peur. Blue entra dans la pièce ayant vu grâce aux caméras et essaya de garder le contrôle sur Alice en la plaquant contre le matelas. -Alice ! Réveilles-toi maintenant ! Mais les geste de défense de l'enfant sont encore présent que sans faire attention, elle griffa l'homme. Blue ne tiqua pas. Il se devait pas la gifler pour la réveiller brusquement et la faire paniquer d'avantage. Il la gardait contre le matelas jusqu'à son réveil. Et une fois qu'Alice fut calmée, Blue la relâcha et rejoint Gorski. Quand l'enfant fut totalement réveillée de son rêve, les larmes aux bord des yeux.. La bande son s'était arrêter et les cauchemars étaient revenus. -Ça va aller ? Elle ne répondit pas, mutée dans un silence. -Tu peux retourné dans ta chambre, on reprendra demain. Alice ne tarda pas à descendre du lit et de sortir du « Théâtre » pour regagner sa chambre. Non loin dans la pièce, Blue était présent. -Alors ? Demande-t-il. -C'est encore trop récent. Il lui faudra du temps pour qu'elle reprenne le contrôle. Je recommence demain. Il c'est passé quoi au juste pour... Enfin tu vois.. ? -Elle a tué son père sous une crise de démence. Mais je pense qu'il y a plus profond que cela. Je te laisserais t'en occupée. Vera acquiesça et le regarda partir. Elle regarda la fiche que Blue lui avait confié sur la petite avant de retiré ses lunettes. Elle se leva et regagna le poste musical et rembobina la bande son et la rangea en marquant le prénom « Alice » dessus.[Chapter 3] Les jours qui suivirent étaient les mêmes, consultation au près du docteur Gorski et temps calme après. Sauf qu'Alice devait maintenant effectuer les tâches ménagères. Certes elle n'était pas très grande mais elle pouvait laver le sol et d'autre tâche que Blue lui imposa qui étaient à sa taille. Alice était toujours aussi silencieuse et très discrète. Elle ne s'était pas faite d'amis préférant sa solitude aux autres personnes. Elle était en train de frotter le sol, perdue dans ses pensées. Elle repensait à ce que le docteur lui disait. Mais à chaque fois qu'elle entendait le bruit sourd, elle perdait toute confiance, la peur montant rapidement. -Tu as oublier le coin là. Alice releva son regard vers l'homme. C'était CJ, l'un des hommes de main à Blue. -Blue sera pas très content tu sais ça petite ? Si tu fais mal ton travail. L'enfant le regarda bêtement avant de mettre l'éponge dans l'eau et de la sortir en l'essorant et frotta là où elle avait oublier. C'était devant la porte du bureau de l'infirmier. -Alice tu peux venir me voir s'il te plais ? Demanda une voix de l'autre coté de la porte. L'enfant regarda la porte. Elle se tourna vers CJ avant d'hésiter de porter sa main sur la clenche. Mais elle le fit quand même et entra dans le bureau de Blue en refermant derrière elle. -Approches, n'es pas peur Leecy. La gamine s'avança vers le bureau. Blue la regarda. -Alors, comment c'était avec Vera ? Demanda-t-il. -Bien... Je crois. -Tu peux me raconter si tu veux, si cela peux te soulager. Elle trifouilla ses manches, levant sont regard vers lui. -Je... J'étais dans une salle... Et... Y'avais... Plusieurs portes... Et... Une table au milieu de la pièce avec une clé... Et une fiole aussi. Blue la regarda et l'écoutait. -Et... j'ai bu ce qu'il y avait et... -Tu as rétrécis ? Demanda Blue ironiquement. La gamine hocha la tête d'un oui. -Puis après, j'ai entendu un bruit sourd et... Les larmes montèrent aux bords de ses petits yeux. Elle recommença à se mordre la lèvre à sang sous la panique et les sanglots. Blue quitta sa chaise pour la prendre contre lui. -C'est qu'un vilain rêve Alice, tu peux le battre. Tu le sais au fond de toi. La prochaine fois, quand tu retournera dedans, si tu vois un gâteau, n'hésite pas à le manger. D'accord ? . Blue la lâcha. Il recula avant de sentir quelque chose d'étrange envers cette gamine. Comme si elle l'attirait. Non pas parce qu'elle avait vécu l'enfer mais pour tout autre raison. -Tu peux retourner faire tes occupations. -J'ai fini de laver le sol, avoua Alice. -Gorski doit t'attendre non ? Alice haussa les épaules et fila dans le bureau du docteur. Une fois devant la porte, elle toqua contre cette dernière jusqu'à entrer quand le docteur lui donna l'accord. -Alice. Tout va bien ? -Je voudrais recommencer... S'il vous plais. -Si tu veux, mais après tu me parlera de toi, d'accord ? L'enfant acquiesça. Elle était déterminée d'un sens. Elle prit place sur le canapé, attendit que le docteur Gorski mette la musique. -Souviens toi Alice, toi seul contrôle ce monde. Compris ? -Oui ! Gorski sourit un peu. Puis, les petit yeux bleus se fermèrent et la revoilà partie. Lorsque qu'Alice ouvrit les yeux, elle scruta autour d'elle. Elle pouvait y voir une dizaine de porte. L'endroit n'avait pas changé. Par réflexe, elle s'avança vers l'une d'entre elle et ouvrit la plus proche et tomba face à un mur de brique. Elle tenta la porte d'à coté mais celle-ci donnait également sur un mur. Elle ouvrit ainsi toutes les portes, tomba toujours sur le même résultat. Elle se retourna vers le centre et vit un guéridon de verre. Elle s'y approcha et remarqua la clé. Mais son regard fut captivé par la petite fiole qui ornait aussi la table. Elle reposa la clé et saisit la petite bouteille de verre avec l'étiquette : Buvez-moi. -Evidemment que je vais te boire ! Dit-elle en souriant. Elle décapuchonna le flacon puis porta le goulot à sa bouche. Elle bu la moitié du liquide et reposa la fiole sur la table. Elle recula de plusieurs pas en regardant le plafond qui soudain, lui paraissait plus loin et plus haut qu'avant. Elle rigola comme une enfant suite à cette sensation qui lui était agréable. Mais plus elle rapetissait, plus les vêtement qu'elle portait devinrent rapidement trop grand. Et ce fut sous une canopée de tissu que l'enfant se retrouva ensevelit. Quand elle sortit de ce dernier, elle ne faisait plus que vingt-cinq centimètre. Autrement dit la taille idéale pour passer la porte. Elle vit la porte et se mit à courir vers celle-ci. Une fois devant, elle essaya de l'ouvrir mais impossible ! Soudainement, elle se rappela qu'il y avait la clé. Puis, un bruit sourd surgit, un bruit de pas et un fracas de porte. C'était lui, son père. -Aliiiice c'est Papa ! Ou tu te caches petite garce ! La petiote ne devais pas flancher, pas maintenant. « Contrôle toi Alice... Rappelles-toi ce que t'as dit Blue... ». Elle regarda la pièce du regard et vit une petite boîte. Elle ne put s'empêcher de courir vers elle et elle s'arrêta devant. La gamine l'ouvrit et prit le gâteau. Mais au même moment... -Je te tiens ! Fit la voix de l'homme. Cette fois-ci tu rejoindra ta chère mère que j'aurais jamais du rencontrer ! Alice luttait, criait de douleur. Elle combattait contre la souffrance de ses os broyés pour porter le gâteau à sa petite bouche. Elle sentait ses os se casser sous la poigne qui se refermée sur son petit corps. « Encore un effort... », pensa-t-elle. -Tu sais ma Licee, tu m'as fait mal l'autre jour avec ton jouet. Mais cette fois ci Maman pourra pas venir te sauver. Tu es Toute Seule ! Avec tant bien que mal, l'enfant réussit à croquer dans la friandise. Elle en avait croqué un bon gros morceau. Enfin elle avait mangé tout le gâteau ayant des miettes autours de la bouche. -Faites que ça marche... marmonna-t-elle. -Que racontes-tu, tu as perdu la tête ! Comme ta mère ! Aussi folle ! Mais le corps d'Alice commençait à changer. En effet, les secondes passèrent. Soudainement la morphologie de l'adolescente grandissait encore et encore que la main de son père eu du mal à la retenir que ses doigts se craquèrent. Son grand pied toucha le sol ainsi que l'autre. On aurait dit un titan. La situation était inversée. Alice était devenu Grande et son père Petit. Car, à cet instant précis, sa tête heurta le plafond de la salle qui lui parût plus petite. En faites, elle mesurait désormais plus de deux-mètre soixante-quinze. D'un geste brute, elle attrapa son père dans sa main, resserrant sa poigne. -Je n'ai plus peur de toi... dit-elle en continuant de serrer l'emprise. Tu n'es que le monstre de mes cauchemars ! Soudainement, la silhouette disparu laissant Alice dans cette étrange situation. Elle se rappela de la clé et la fit tombé d'un coup sec et attrapa le reste de la fiole buvant ce qui restait. Elle rapetissait à vue d'oeil et elle était assez grande pour enfin passé la porte. Elle attrapa la clé qui était au sol et courut vers le rideau. Elle inséra la clé dans la serrure, la tourne et ouvrit la porte la laissant face à un immense jardin magnifique. Alice ouvrit les yeux. Elle regarda autour d'elle avant de voir le docteur Gorski arrêter la musique. -Comment te sens-tu ? -Mieux. -Bien, je vois que tu as passé ta première étape car tu souris. Alice fut surprise. C'était bien la première fois qu'elle souriait dans cet endroit. -Alors, racontes-moi Alice, pourquoi et comment tu es arrivée ici. L'enfant se mit à expliquer ce qui c'était passé. Elle expliqua que son père la battait et qu'un soir elle l'avait... Tué et après voilà. Bon c'était que le début car le docteur se doutait qu'il y avait encore des chose plus antérieur à ça. ","Summary":" C'était comme cela tout les jours, tout les soirs. Cela faisait depuis l'âge de ses neuf ans. Depui"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Complementary","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13032822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cora sat at her dorm room desk. She was hunched over, like she was trying to make herself as small as possible despite the fact that she was currently the only one in the room. Her roommate's move-in day was three days after her own. She was on pins and needle, wondering who this girl would be and if they would get along. Cora knew she wasn't exactly the most likable figure, too shy, quiet, awkward and socially inept to be able to have a good time with other people, especially in large or public places, but she could still hope... She could still hope that her new roommate would be kind, gentle, understanding and loving. It was her deepest desire that she would find a lifelong friend in her roommate, but she didn't want to get her hopes up too high, just in case it turned out that her roommate wouldn't like her, or that her roommate would only consider her a moderate friend and not something like a true companion. Cora had been to several summer camps as a child and, in every single one, the girls she bunked with might've started out friendly, but they considered her so terribly boring and plain that it didn't take them long to forget her and start hanging out with someone else, someone better, someone fun. Cora suddenly shook her head with an aggressive sigh. Worrying about her roommate would do nothing except unnecessarily stress her out. It would not bring her new roommate here any faster, it would not give her any clues as to what type of person her roommate was. It would only make her even more nervous and afraid than she already was. There was no point in worrying. Besides, she did still have other things to do. Her side of the room might've already been unpacked, but she was still busy trying to memorize the school halls on her map and trying to remember what she needed to bring to each of her classes. The young woman hunched even further over her desk, still trying to shrink herself to the size of a church mouse, or to just squeeze herself into oblivion. It didn't matter that she was the sole owner of this room for the next three days, she already felt as though she were sharing her living space, and Cora's idea of sharing involved taking as little as possible before running off and hiding, leaving the rest to whomever it was she was sharing with. At one point, later on in the night, a rowdy crowd of freshman were running down the halls, laughing, cheering and singing. Cora felt happy for them, honestly, but it was so late and they were so loud. Besides, Cora didn't do well with people. Especially not loud ones. Instead, she squeezed her eyes shut and prayed that they would go away and be quiet soon. Silly as it was, their noise was actually kind of scaring her. They were so rambunctious, and Cora was worried that they would figure out that she was alone in her dorm room and come and try and mess with her. \"Please, just go away. Please, just leave me alone!\" Cora whispered to herself. At long last, her wish was granted. The pack of schoolgirls finally grew tired of their fun and Cora listened in relief as their voices and footsteps receded back down the hall. She hoped that her new roommate wouldn't be like any of these girls... Three anxiety-filled days later, Cora sat on her bed, twiddling her thumbs as she waited politely on her roommate. Today was the day, and if the schedule was correct, Cora's new roommate would be here in two minutes. The girl fought hard not to start pacing or bouncing up and down. She was trying to look natural, so as not to scare her new roommate off before they'd even spoken to one another. Once again, she found herself instinctively lowering her head and rounding her shoulders, already displaying a very meek and submissive posture despite still being alone. \"Hey, hey, hey!\" a cheerful voice greeted at the doorway. She wasn't alone anymore. Cora spent the next 30 minutes helping her new roommate move in. All along the hall, others were doing likewise. The whole floor was abuzz with chatter and excitement as roommates finally met up and helped one another carry large bags in and out of the dorm room. Cora had the most to carry. Her roommate had brought along practically everything she owned. The two of them were waiting more bags long after everyone else was just setting everything up. This girl was something else, and unfortunately, she was Cora's roommate. Looks like she got a partier after all. All the while, this new girl, June Freeman was busy chattering away like the birds and bees while Cora could only watch, observe and try to make conjectures. She was trying so hard to understand this eccentric girl, but nothing made sense. The way she spoke, the way she held herself, the way she gestured and moved, everything shouted that she was a very wild and free spirit, but at the same time, she was so innocent. Every new thing she saw, she remarked upon and always did so in such a charming and sweet manner. Perhaps June was a party girl, but at the same time, Cora could already tell that she was not a normal party girl. Was that good, or bad? She wasn't sure yet. \"Oooh! Look at those flowers! Aren't they lovely?\" June murmured, pointing upward. Sure enough, draped around a particularly large chandelier, was a garland of roses. Cora hadn't even noticed those. \"They are very pretty,\" she agreed regardless. June seemed a little surprised. \"Ah! She speaks!\" she said. \"What do you mean?\" Cora asked, instinctively reverting back to her cautious and self-critical mindset as she detected that this June girl had already found out one of her peculiarities. She was already on guard and ashamed, even though June had not offered up any criticism yet. \"I just mean that you've been so quiet!\" she cried. \"Oh. Sorry,\" Cora blushed and looked away, embarrassed. She hated whenever people told her this. As if she didn't already know! It wasn't her fault, though! She was naturally on the quiet side! And the people who made this remark didn't usually tend to care what she had to say anyway, so why bother speaking? All they wanted to do was correct her, but then they would be totally dismissive of her when she tried to be more outgoing. Or they would do the really cruel thing and tell her to shut up. After telling her she didn't talk enough, she would speak a little and they would insist that she spoke too much. She would get yelled at no matter what she did... \"Well, that's nothing to be sorry for!\" June replied, totally missing how hurt and bitter Cora looked. \"If anything, it's probably my fault for not even letting you get a word in edgewise! You're so patient with me. Did you want to talk? Go ahead, I'll listen!\" June pretended to zip and lock her lips and Cora couldn't help but laugh a little. As quick-witted and fast-mouthed as this girl was, she did seem so genuinely concerned for Cora. That was new. The brunette couldn't even remember the last time someone had given her the chance to really speak... \"No. It's ok. I like hearing you talk,\" Cora said at last. June might've put the ball in her park, but Cora didn't want to risk ruining anything too soon, so she decided it wise to keep her trap shut anyway. There was probably a good reason everyone told Cora to keep her mouth shut, even after insisting that she was too antisocial and quiet for anyone to find charming or attractive. \"Really?\" June's eyes widened in true surprise, then they took on a suspicious light. \"Do you really mean that? Or are you just saying it?\" \"No, no, I really mean it,\" Cora promised, though now she was just as surprised as June was. Usually, when she signaled for someone else to talk, they would do so without hesitation. But not June. Chatty as she was, she was still silently asking if Cora wanted a turn. She was silently promising that it was ok if Cora wanted her to shut up, she just had to give the word. How different! \"You're sure?\" June checked again. \"Your stories are wonderful,\" Cora vowed and June seemed to light up like the sun. Cora was just as dazzled by that smile as she was by the sun. \"Gosh! No one's ever told me that before!\" June muttered. \"Really?\" Cora hadn't meant to say anything, but to hear that there were people out there that didn't find June intriguing, if not at least a bit odd, seemed impossible. Sure, the girl wasn't the most orthodox of people, but she seemed to have a good mind and an even better heart. What wasn't to like about her stories? Why would anyone ever tell her to stop. \"Really,\" June nodded, looking flattered at Cora's disbelief about such a remark. It meant, to June, that Cora wasn't bluffing when she said she enjoyed hearing June talk. \"It's just, where I come from, everyone says I talk too much. You're probably only ok with it because you've only known me for about 30 minutes. Trust me, you'll get sick of it soon. Everyone does...\" June's smile suddenly became bitter and, just for a moment, Cora thought she saw something like genuine sadness and loneliness flicker in her hazel eyes. In that one little gesture, Cora knew that she would never ever, ever, ever get tired of listening to June. After all, maybe June was as lonely and socially awkward as Cora was, just on the other end of the spectrum. Maybe they were more alike than it seemed. Maybe Cora's wish for an understanding roommate had come true. In time, Cora would begin to believe this idea. Although June really was a party animal at heart and wasn't nearly as antisocial as Cora, Cora had been correct about her theory that June was just as insecure and awkward as she was. The only difference was in how they reacted to it. They made a complementary pair. Where Cora tried to tone herself down until she faded away into the background to be ignored and overlooked, June toned herself up. She would tone herself up so that the world would think her behavior was only an act. They never once suspected that maybe June only acted out for the attention, or to create a new kind of disguise. By overdoing everything, June came across as the crazy, fun one and no one ever complained about her behavior then. In truth, however, June felt just as marginalized and forgotten as Cora. Maybe she smiled and laughed and got along great with the crowds, but June had since explained to Cora that it wasn't all it was cracked up to be. \"You think you're jealous of me because I have so many friends and attend so many parties,\" June sighed tiredly one night. \"But it's all an act. This is the only way I can get people to love me: be a party girl. Trust me, Cora, I wish I were you. Even though you think people hate you, or find you boring, at least they respect you. You don't see it, but your professors adore you. You're a prodigy to them. But what am I? Just the girl that does drugs, gets drunk and has sex every single night, even though I haven't done any of that. And you may argue that while you have professors, I have my party pals. That's just as fake. They don't really care about me. They just care about the girl they want me to be. Notice that none of them hang out with me unless they're drunk. Not exactly a compliment...\" So June and Cora almost became one another's support system. Two girls against the world. They were the only ones to see the other's face, and not just the mask they wore to blend in, whether by being over the top or flying under the radar. But it wasn't all bad. Since the two were so different, yet still so alike, they were able to balance and complement one another beautifully, and both of them taught the other how to either take it down a notch, or raise it up a bit. June was still a people-person and a party-girl who liked being loud, wild and reckless, but Cora had been able to teach her the beauty in the more \"boring\" aspects of life, such as being alone or reading. In fact, June figured out that she was very much into classic literature, though she preferred the books written by those who had been social outcasts in their own day. She read books by women, people of color and queer people. That last one especially surprised Cora. \"Oscar Wilde again, eh?\" the brunette had asked her roommate one evening, both of them just reading together peacefully. \"Yeah. I'm just here for that good gay stuff,\" June said casually. \"The Love That Dare Not Speak Its Name?\" Cora scoffed. \"Yup,\" June said. \"I've seen some pretty attractive women in my day, so I can relate to old Dorian very well. It's such a thrill!\" \"You can?\" Cora sounded surprised, June only gave her a playful smile and a seductive wink in return. Cora was sure she was redder than a tomato. \"Why didn't you read any of his works before?\" Cora forced out, trying to control herself. \"As if a party girl like me would be able to read real literature like this without being mocked!\" that bitter note entered June's voice again and Cora understood. Of course. By choosing to be eccentric and over the top, there was no way June would be able to read high-class literature like this without being sneered down upon like a child trying on her mother's work clothes. No wonder June liked books written by society's black sheep. On the flip side, June would often take Cora out. \"You made me read the classics, so come on and come out! Let's go explore, you know? Run around campus a bit and see what comes up?\" the blond hadn't even waited for an answer before dragging Cora out of their little room by the arm. Cora gave an exasperated and reluctant sigh, but she didn't make any attempt to escape June's grasp. June had a point there that it was only fair if she went out with June since June had \"gone out\" with her. But in time, although Cora still feared and abhorred social gatherings, she began to enjoy these nights out on the town with June. \"This was actually pretty fun,\" Cora admitted as she and June finally left their college's little Ring-A-Round. As the name entailed, it was a marathon around campus, though one was welcome to stop at any point on the race and just hang out where they stopped. There were booths of food, drink, game and music everywhere, so no one was in any danger if they didn't complete the circuit. Cora had thought that she would've been miserable, being surrounded by literally hundreds of other wild young adults, but she actually quite enjoyed herself. The race wasn't too bad, the weather was nice, and everyone Cora met was friendly enough. Sure, the sheer size was a bit overwhelming, but since Cora had June, she had some semblance of a foundation and that gave her the confidence to be a bit more open than under normal circumstance. She still was very quiet, compared to everyone else, but she had laughed, sung and danced. \"Told you you'd like it!\" June grinned braggingly. \"Ok, ok, you were right,\" Cora raised her hands in defeat. \"Of course I was!\" June laughed, and Cora echoed the sound. The two went back to their dorm soon thereafter, spending the rest of the night chatting and reading. The few people that had to pass by their door to get to their own rooms couldn't help but smile in wonder and confusion. To them, the friendship between introverted intellect Cora and extroverted eccentric June seemed so unlikely, but no, it was unfolding right before their very eyes and they could already tell that it wasn't going to end very soon. If only they had known, though, that it was because the two girls, as polar as they were, were also very complementary. Cora would join June on little adventures solely because June was there and June would respect Cora's need for alone-time whenever the matter arose, but June never ditched Cora over it. She never insisted that Cora needed to stop being such a loner. Instead, she compromised and let Cora have some alone time. Cora began to enjoy having a social life too, though, because now she had someone to share it with and to support her through it. But June never forgot how fragile Cora could be and was always sure to set aside at least a bit of time just to be with her, and no one else. It was a strange friendship on the outside, but it made sense within. They were a perfect pair, a match made in Heaven, complementary. AN: Random June/Cora fic inspired off of my own desires for my college roommate who I will be meeting in about an hour from now. I don't intend to romanticize things with her the way I have with June and Cora. This is just a bit of my own thoughts through them, which means there's going to be romance just because I ship these two. They really are a good match, if you think about it. (Side note, you can read this as part of the Nevaeh U series, but I wrote it as an indie story for my own benefit). ","Summary":" Cora sat at her dorm room desk. She was hunched over, like she was trying to make herself as small "},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"From the Gutters of New York to the Stars of Hollywood","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13203165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Lying in the gutter, looking at the stars,\" June found herself humming a song she didn't even know. At the moment, she was lying on her apartment's dingy old couch (it was the only piece of furniture left in their home) with her roommate, Cora, asleep in her arms. The Great Depression had struck the entire country fiercely and June and Cora were no exception. Instead, it took all of their time and effort just to maintain their one-room apartment with the single couch in it. Despite how rough things were, though, June felt quite peaceful at the moment, idly stroking her sleeping companion's short brown locks and humming her little song all the while. Perhaps it was because, even though she was suffering from a shortage of everything (food, water, clothing, space, furniture, cash, etc), she still had Cora, and Cora was more than enough to help June forget all of her other woes. It made June's heart swell with love and affection to feel Cora curl up beside her. \"Listening to her breathing as she fights on through her battle scars, free as any bird with wings as wide,\" June continued to admire her sleeping companion. \"And I'm free when I am with her,\" she murmured, believing it entirely. Though she was in the gutter, June felt like one among the stars because of the heavenly body sleeping beside her own. Cora always managed to make everything feel better, even when life was at its lowest, like now. It was cold and June was hungry, but when Cora was near, she was happy, and happy enough to be blind to everything else. Cora took away her worry and gave her hope, hope that things would get better and that they would one day achieve their dreams, just like they'd been planning for so many years now. June continued to watch Cora sleep under the gentle glow of the stars, genuinely feeling hopeful for their future together the longer they lay side by side. If Heaven existed, this was it. And Cora felt much the same way. \"Dancing down the hallway, laughing at her chains,\" Cora hummed to herself as she watched June somehow find the strength and joviality to skip out of their apartment the next morning and down the street. It didn't matter that breakfast had been one piece of bread shared between the two of them and it didn't matter that the clothes they wore today were the same ones they'd worn for the entirety of the past week. Instead, June managed to smile through it all and she had grabbed Cora's hand when it was time to go, waltzing down the hallway with her and bursting out onto the empty streets of NYC. Despite how dismal everything looked, June continued to cavort her way through the city. Today was going to be another grueling day of trying to find a job, but at least June seemed to be in good spirits. \"Others fade away yet somehow she remains. Strong as any storm and just as wild!\" Cora observed softly. As June continue to run along, the few stragglers that were out on the street all shot her dirty, wary looks, confused and suspicious as to how someone could be so happy during times like these. Cora, however, was in love with how easily June was able to ignore all the judgmental stares she was getting. While the other unhappy Americans faded away in a gray fog of despair and distrust, June seemed to shine with life, light and color, unaffected by their misery. Was June even human? Cora didn't know, but what she did know was that: \"I am strong when I am with her,\" the brunette smiled after the blond and picked up her own pace in order to catch up. Cora always viewed herself as being meek and mild, demure and submissive. June was the hotheaded troublemaker of the two of them, but whenever Cora was with June, Cora felt as though some of June's natural energy and courage was bleeding out onto her. It was a wonderful feeling! \"Yes I know, they could separate us,\" Cora admitted, referring to the general chaos occurring within America right now. \"This is true. They don't even hate us. It's just what they do. But if only in my dreams, I will follow you, from the gutter to the stars,\" she promised as she ran after June, and this was a promise she intended to keep. Even if time and trial should separate them, Cora would still live to see a day where she and June could find the happy life together that they had always wanted. Even if it only happened in dreams, it would happen someday. Perhaps it was only June's courage that was talking, but Cora was certain of this! Sadly, the whole morning yielded nothing. Half the places they stopped at were empty and the other half had employers refusing to hire. Then, in the rare moment either of them managed to find a place that needed workers, they would either be rejected or offered a deal not high enough to support them. In short, their morning of job-hunting had been a bust so far. To revive their sense of hope, June finally called for a pause in their job search and took them to Central Park, where they used to spend many days and nights together, walking or sitting, talking or laughing. Now, the park was empty and uncared for. Wild plants devoured what used to be flat, smooth terrain. It was nothing but a storm of thistles and thorns now. But even so, June trudged on into the heart of the park where a fountain stood. No water except what fell from the heavens remained in its stony basin and ivy crawled along cracks within the fountain. June, however, ignored these facts and hopped up upon the smooth edge of the fountain and pretended that she was performing. It was a comedy sketch she was trying to act out by herself and Cora laughed, acting as the cooperative audience. Silly as her \"show\" was, June's acting was amazing! But June wasn't just trying to make Cora laugh by performing this one-girl play. She was trying to remind Cora of their dreams. It was how they'd met, after all. Cora was interested in becoming a screenwriter while June wanted to be an actress. They were a match made in Heaven, both of them having met in a theater with the intent on going to Hollywood. Even now, despite the Great Depression, that dream had yet to die, and June was fighting hard to keep it alive. They would make it big on the silver screens someday, they just needed time. They would live out their dreams of moving up from the gutters of New York to the stars of Hollywood. June just knew it! And Cora could see that June was trying to encourage her, as well as humor her, so Cora decided to return the favor. \"I will wash your stockings, lace your dresses tight,\" she promised from her seat in front of the fountain. She was referring to the costumes June so loved to wear. They were all rather out of style, coming from the 1920s, but June didn't care. In her own mind, she'd never quite left the 1920s even though the calendar had. June was just far too enamored with the idea of flappers to ever be willing to part from that decade, no matter what the clock said. Cora found it endearing. \"I'll be waiting in the wings,\" she continued, but June stopped her there. \"No! On the stage with me!\" she insisted. Although she knew Cora was more interested in writing films than acting in them, June was still adamant that they, one day, would star in something together. They simply had to! June even extended a hand to pull Cora up on the fountain and Cora just couldn't say no, hopping right up to stand at her proper place: June's side. They would leave the gutters of New York together, so they simply had to become the stars of Hollywood together as well! Nothing else would make any sense at all for the two lovebirds. \"Alright,\" she agreed, still holding June's hand tightly in her own as she balanced on the edge of the fountain. \"When the film stops rolling,\" June began next, twirling Cora a little. \"I'll be there,\" Cora finished for her, giggling as she spun, hand still holding June's. \"You won't go nowhere,\" June agreed. \"I'm home when I'm with you,\" Cora promised, then she dared to lean in and kiss June, pretending that any watching audience would scream with delight instead of disgust. June seemed to be thinking along the same lines, because as she was kissing Cora, she dipped the girl down lowly, just like she used to when they would swing dance together. Cora couldn't suppress another giggle of delight. But at last, the two women knew they had to leave the park. Although it was abandoned, people would still stop in looking for things to steal. Neither June nor Cora wanted to be there when the gangs would arrive. Besides, they had more job-searching, much as they hated the idea. \"With the slightest touch I'm in New York's Times Square, swinging 'round the lampposts! Breathing in clean air!\" June declared, hopping up onto a nearby lamppost to do as she had sung. She was trying to hold onto that glorious feeling of performing for as long as she could. \"Will they understand us?\" Cora asked next, a note of worry finally betraying her true feelings. \"Just be brave,\" June replied encouragingly, hopping down from the lamppost to take Cora's hand in her own again. She even kissed Cora's knuckles gently as she offered up her solace. She knew what was worrying Cora so, and it hurt her heart to see the girl looking so scared. \"I'm brave when I am with you,\" Cora replied, the sadness melting from her face as June kissed the back of her hand so sweetly. \"Yes I know, they could separate us. This is true,\" the girl acknowledged. \"They don't even hate us, it's just what they do!\" June replied with a shrug. She knew that for all the brave faces Cora wore, the Great Depression still scared her terribly. But why shouldn't it? It was a miracle they weren't dead yet! And an even bigger one that they at least still had food and a home! It would be so easy to force them apart, but somehow, they were still together. It just terrified Cora that things would fall apart before the Depression ended. But June tried to comfort her, reminding her that the Depression, though dangerous, was not a living enemy. It was not actively strategizing against them. This brought some level of comfort to both of the girls because it implied that as hard as life could get, it wasn't like a personal attack. To them, this meant that it would still be possible to survive together, though it wouldn't always be easy. But if something ever did happen to make them part, whether it was death or disagreement, June made a promise to Cora: \"But if only in my dreams, I will follow you from the gutter to the stars!\" Even if a happy ending would only come in dreams, June promised she would still be there with Cora to witness it, no matter what. It would happen one way or another, in this life or some other one. Suitably soothed by June's vow, Cora let the blond to lead her down the dark, dirty streets as they headed to their next job opportunity. \"What is that over there?\" she asked suddenly, noticing a flyer fluttering in the wind. It was stuck in a crack in the ground. \"It's a trap,\" June was instantly on guard, thinking that the flyer might contain a less-than-savory way to make money in these trying times. \"It's a stage!\" Cora replied, picking up the paper. Though it had been wrinkled and faded by time, there was an outline of a stage upon it. \"What is this in my hand?\" she asked, trying to make out the words above the picture of the stage. \"It's a scrap,\" June muttered, peeping over Cora's shoulder and trying to discern a message from it as well. \"It's a page! From a playbill!\" Cora realized, and then, although this was completely false, she continued on. \"With both of our names!\" \"Side by side,\" June caught onto Cora's joke at once and indulged in it, pretending that their names were at the top of the page and that it was an ad for the play Cora was in the process of writing. \"As it should be!\" Cora nodded. \"It could be,\" June replied, still holding onto the dreams of their past. \"My darling, just look!\" Cora cried, handing the faded paper to June. \"It's a carpeted floor!\" June agreed. \"It's a dressing room door!\" Cora continued. \"It's a crowd wanting more!\" June echoed at once. \"I can see it now!\" they declared in unison as the faded bill suddenly came to life in their minds, bright and colorful once again. Suddenly, another wave of hope washed over the two young women. They would go from the gutters of New York to the stars of Hollywood! They just knew it! \"Yes I know, they could separate us,\" it was June who started up their little song this time. \"This is true,\" Cora continued for her, completing their duet as they continued to waltz down the sidewalk, the playbill still in their hands. \"They don't even hate us! It's just what they do,\" June sang. \"But if only in my dreams, I will follow you!\" Cora harmonized. \"From the gutter to the stars!\" \"Let me show you what living is!\" June agreed, and they continued to dance, ignoring every strange stare they received from onlookers. Let them gawk and glare, what did June and Cora care? They were happy! Why should they let that be ruined by people who didn't understand? Wasn't life bleak enough already? So on they danced, ignorant to everything except each other. \"They could separate us. This is true. They don't even hate us. It's just what they do. But if only in my dreams, I will follow you from the gutter to the stars! The stars!\" and together they would go from the gutters of New York to the stars of Hollywood! AN: This June/Cora fic was based off Emilie Autumn's Emily/Veronica song in her new album with songs from her upcoming musical. I freaking loved all the songs on that new EA album but this one had SOOO many June/Cora vibes that I HAD to write it out for them. (Is it bad I'm in love with this ship even though it only has like 5 minutes of screentime? LOL. What can I say? I'm a shameless queer who ships other queers hard). Also, to explain the plot in case it's confusing, it's literally just June and Cora walking down the ruined streets of NYC, trying to keep their spirits up by reaffirming their goals for the future and their love for each other, despite everything they're dealing with. The first verse takes place over night and is June singing about Cora. The next verse is the following morning as they set out for the city and it's Cora singing about June. The third verse, where the back-and-forth starts, is them goofing around an abandoned park. After that, they return to the streets and find the flyer that reignites their faith in their dreams. (Long story short, it's just shameless June/Cora fluff because I'm trash and I love EA and her new album is AMAZING)! ","Summary":" \"Lying in the gutter, looking at the stars,\" June found herself humming a song she didn't even kn"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Eyes of Truth and Flesh","Author":"Amatista","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13083247","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I have a lot more planned for this one-shot, but at least wanted to put out the beginning of this to see how it might be received. I will post more soon. Thanks! Never did stars shine in the black skies of Hell. No; those celestial bodies were the sole property of Heaven's tainted light, ensuring that the souls of the damned would be left to toil in darkness and pain. There would be no dreams in the vast, sinister underworld, no hopeless wishes left for those who'd been cast out and eternally condemned for their sins. God had made sure of that long ago. Still…there was something to be said about the unmarred beauty of that darkness surrounding them. Something so unexpectedly pure in the absence of light. Honest, Lucifer mused to himself. At least the darkness conveyed an undeniable honesty to those held within its embrace. Steepling his hands in front of him, he continued to walk along the outskirts of his Carnival, preferring to observe the antics of his devoted carnies from afar. Another tormented scream ripped through the festive air, followed by a chorus of cruel, taunting laughter. Hearing this, Lucifer didn't smile, but he did feel a small degree of grim satisfaction. The screams never bothered him; it was all part of the process, and if his patrons were lucky—very, very lucky—they might just learn from the sins they'd committed on Earth. After all, it was the only way one would earn freedom from his realm… Only to be committed to a lifetime of servitude in Heaven, he thought dryly. It wasn't until he passed behind the Twin's game tent that he veered off-course, a destination in mind as he gradually moved away from the Carnival grounds. Away from the harsh illumination of its torches and crude lights. Away from the sounds of vicious merriment and bitter tears. That didn't mean the guilty weren't also subject to punishment beyond the borders of his macabre festival. Tormented screams still reached his ears now and then, but Lucifer paid them no heed. Only one broken soul in particular was at the forefront of his mind as he continued on towards his intended destination. Soon enough, those sounds faded entirely behind him, replaced instead with the steady rush of waves upon land. Rushhhh…rushhhh…rushhhh… In the distance, the black waters of Hell's sea churned restlessly, and were it not for the ruins of the ship sinking beneath its inky surface, one might find the sight oddly hypnotic amid the surrounding chaos. But it wasn't the waves nor the ill-fated wreckage that held his attention so raptly: it was the figure who was sitting upon the shore, gazing out at the somber horizon as the ship was slowly swallowed whole. My Tamara, he thought to himself as he drew nearer. The Frog Maiden of his beloved fables. Doomed to perpetually meet her demise due to too trusting a nature. Back from the dead yet again. \"Sleepless night?\" He asked, drawing up beside her. He expected her to stiffen at his words, but she did no such thing. \"I don't sleep,\" she rasped, giving the barest shake of her head. \"Not here.\" TBC... ","Summary":" AN: I have a lot more planned for this one-shot, but at least wanted to put out the beginning of th"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Rivers Ebbs and Flows","Author":"inquiete","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13099299","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OK, so I stumbled upon this song called The Ticketman by Rachel Rose Mitchell and as I was reading it I swear all I could think off was our beloved Ticket-Keeper. The thought was so strong that I HAD to write a song-fic about it. So I sat down to write one, and it slowly developed from there. You can either take this as AU or not, it didn't really matter as I was writing it. Oh, and yes I did use Marc's name for Scorp's pre-Carny name, but I'm not saying that Marc IS Scorpion. I just used his name in loo of any immediate names. P.S. the River of Love and Despair is a reference to The Forbidden Game by L.J. Smith. Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN THE DEVIL'S CARNIVAL! That belongs to Terrance, Saar, and Darren, and I would never take THAT away from them. River Ebbs and Flows Ah, you're just in time for a story. And it's a good one to-for you see, we have a new recruit coming to the carnival. Well, not yet, first he needs to pass the test to see if he can rise above the rest of the pathetic herd and join our ranks…if not-well he'll make a nice amusement at least. And who better to test him than our very own Ticket-Keeper. So take your seats *chuckle* the shows about to begin. … The man approached the ticket booth hesitantly and handed over his ticket. The Ticket-Keeper watched him with mild interest. He didn't know how the boy died, but to be far that didn't matter. All that mattered was that the boss felt he was someone worth noticing, so it was Ticket-Keeper's job to see if he was going to join their twisted family or not. As the boy made his way through the Carnival-flirting with the girls he bumped into and picking up a razor-blade he found along the way the Ticket-Keeper began to sing. I don't know just how you got here. It doesn't really matter where you wanna be. It's so hard to believe your eyes, but what you get is what you see. The boy wondered the Carnival not believing what he saw, how did he wind up here in this lame ass second-rate theme park? Last thing he remembered was getting in a fight with some dudes over some girls. They were mad that he'd been sleeping with their wives, girlfriends, daughters, etc. Like dude, take it up with them, not him: they're the ones who took off their tops. But anyway, he must have blacked out or something 'cause when he woke up he was in this back-water place. Fortunately, we've got time so if you listen, I will speak. What's that? You say you cannot stand this? You're welcome to take a seat! He was irritated and impatient with the place. Granted, he found a wicked looking knife (almost like the one from his knife collection back home), and there were a lot of cute girls to flirt with, but he was ready to get out of here. Carnivals were really not his scene and he found that he couldn't stand there childish atmosphere. (Though he had to admit that this one seemed creepier than most.) (We've got room to spare.) That ticket guy had told him that there was more to the Carnival than just this-though he was finding it hard to believe. What was it the guy said? If you prove worthy you will move into a more comfortable position and enjoy the fruits of that privilege. (Whatever that means.) Marc wasn't interested in some Carny freaks idea of comfort-to be honest he wasn't interested in much other than girls, sex, and cutting things up. Lucifer sat on his throne watching the story he was reading play out in amusement. Just as he suspected his newest guest wasn't taken in by the entrapping's of his lovely carnival. They had set up several traps a common sinner would have fallen into, and though he had amused himself with a few of them-for the most part he was uninterested in what was readily available. If he had fallen for their offerings they would have dismissed the boy as a candidate and just went on to torturing him like any other sinner, but no this boy showed promise-he wanted more. And Lucifer was only happy to oblige him, he began to sing: I don't know what the ticketman told you, but this journey's just begun. The river ebbs and the river flows and the river takes what the river wants. Sticks and stones may break your bones if you try to jump ship when all's not well. You can bet your soul you'll be better off spinning 'round and 'round on this carousel. The Ticket-Keeper continued to watch the boy flit between carnival stall after carnival stall, rarely stopping despite the Carnies best attempts to entice him to their attraction (read: torture.) However, the few attractions he seemed interested in he became disappointed when he wasn't allowed to operate them (for example: he was annoyed when he found that he couldn't throw knives at the knife wheel, and instead was supposed to be strapped to it) and walked away in frustration. It's a long trip, one way road. Tell me, where is it you call home? Or rather, 'was it'. It's long gone. Don't worry, dear, you're far from alone. You've already come this far, it's far too late to look back now. Pardon the pun, but look alive! You'll flourish here, I know somehow. The Ticket-Keeper was rather impressed, not many could resist the urge to fall back into their old habits. Normally, if you entice a sinner with his or her vice they fell to the trap like flies to honey, but this one was not going to take the bait. Nor was he ashamed of or shedding his sins. Instead he seemed content to revel in them with a psychotic delight that the 'Keeper found distasteful. Of course, the Ticket-Keeper wasn't here to approve of the boy's activities, but to see if he had the back-bone to thrive in the Devil's Carnival. And so far, he was passing with flying colors. You're not the only one who's going through those feelings in your heart. Everyone says this feels like the end. I promise this is just the start. Soon the other Carnies became interested in the boy, as they noticed the same thing that Lucifer and the Ticket-Keeper had. They might have a new comrade in their ranks. And they began to sing along to the Ticket-Keeper's song: Sooner or later, we're all navigating these waters. Down here, we are all the same. Ladies and gentlemen, take your seats! Welcome to the fun and games! At the bank of a stream in front of a broken down attraction called \"the Tunnel of Love and Despair\" Marc met a pretty girl who looked like a painted up broken doll. There was a web of cracks all over her face and arms and when she moved he could hear the cracking of her limbs. Marc winced in sympathy, what happened to make a girl look like this? But Doll didn't mind, she was watching him in fascination, she too had taken notice to him and found him intriguing. It had been so long since her own Fall from Grace, and he was the first person to come down that the boss had taken an interest in recruiting since her. And there was still a small spark of her that missed the light of Grace. Tell me, did you see a light? It's been so long. I don't remember what it's like. She crooned imploringly at him, but when he just stared at her in blank confusion she sighed and gave up her wish to know of Heaven one last time. That was her old life, and this was her new-better-life. She eyed him slyly, and the best way to enjoy that life was to live it to the fullest, and she could start by helping this poor hapless gentleman make the right decision. She began to sing, and her voice and Lucifer's drifted into his mind-gently coaxing-one a seductive croon-the other a deep, husky purr. I don't know what the ticketman told you, but this journey's just begun. The river ebbs and the river flows and the river takes what the river wants. Sticks and stones may break your bones if you try to jump ship when all's not well. You can bet your soul you'll be better off spinning 'round and 'round on this carousel. She took his hand and led him over to where Lucifer waited for his newest recruit. When they arrived Marc eyed the devil with nervous exasperation, \"so you're the devil, huh?\" \"Yes, I am.\" Lucifer informed him smugly, \"and you my fine friend…\" he glanced at the Ticket-Keeper who had just walked into the room. He gave Lucifer a slight, almost imperceptible nod, \"…passed the test.\" \"What test?\" Marc asked, and then tried to defuse the situation with a joke, \"if I'd known there was a test I would have studied.\" Lucifer chuckled, \"It's not that kind of test. You've proven that you have worth inside you, something I can use. And as such I'm offering you a chance to work at my Carnival-where you can entice as many hapless fools into your games as much as you want.\" Marc cocked an eyebrow, \"And I'm guessing that if I refuse you're going to torture me for all eternity, right?\" Lucifer smirked, \"You're quick, so what do you say, Scorpion?\" I don't know what the ticketman told you, but this journey's just begun. The river ebbs and the river flows and the river takes what the river wants. Styx and stones may break your bones if you try to jump ship when all's not well. You can bet your soul you'll be better off spinning 'round and 'round on this carousel. The scorpion smirked, \"I say…where do I sign up?\" ","Summary":" OK, so I stumbled upon this song called The Ticketman by Rachel Rose Mitchell and as I was reading "},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Vow","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Doll limped through the Devil's Carnival. She'd been here for about a month, but she was still recovering from the injuries the Translators had inflicted upon her. As of right now, she was practicing on her walking. Given how many injuries her legs sustained, it was a miracle they were functioning at all. Every step still hurt, but she was getting better at it and stumbling less. Several minutes into this little practice session, Doll thought she saw somebody moving in the distance. She squinted her heterochromia eyes and stalked forward slowly and unsteadily. Finally, the stranger's face came into view and Doll felt her heart explode in her chest. Cora Stein! Yes! Surely it was! Doll would recognize that face anywhere! It was her old best friend Cora! She'd come at last! Just as June had hoped ever since her arrival to this awful place! Doll tried to cry out to her friend, but her voice was still weak from the beating and screaming. Instead, she limp-ran towards the girl with eyes glittering with happy tears. For the first time in a month, she felt hopeful and happy. She felt like the girl she once was. She felt like June Freeman again. When Doll got an arm's length away from Cora, she finally forced out her friend's name. \"Cora!\" she cried, voice raspy and cracking like the scar that ran down the right side of her face. Cora whipped around and let out a shriek of fear. Doll was slightly offended, but she understood Cora's fear. She held up her arms in surrender. \"Cora!\" she repeated her friend's name in hopes that Cora would remember that there was only one carnie who could possibly know her name. But Cora continued to freak out. \"Stay back, you freak!\" she cried, throwing an empty tin can she found on the ground. Doll felt it whizz by her head. \"June!\" Doll cried feebly, voice failing her. She pointed frantically to herself in hopes that Cora would finally recognize her. \"Me! Friend! June! Cora!\" she cried, sounding like a braying donkey. She repeated these lines until Cora finally calmed down. She seemed to finally see that Doll meant no harm. Instead, she looked severely confused. But Doll was too happy to see that Cora was calming down to care. Despite her agonized throat, millions of questions swarmed her brain. How and why are you here? Are you ok? Is anybody with you? Were you sent or did you choose to come? Can you save me? Or are you trapped? How have you been? And the others? Did you miss me? Does anybody else miss me? Am I allowed back? Are you bringing me home? \"Cora…\" that was all Doll could say despite the millions of questions in her mind. She opened her arms to receive her old friend, taking another shaky step towards her with a hopeful, albeit crooked, grin. Cora, however, backed up fearfully. \"No. You stay away from me, you monster!\" she snarled, glaring warily at Doll. Now Doll was hurt. Cora recognized her, so what was with the cruelty? This wasn't all her fault. And if Cora wasn't here to be friendly, why was she here at all? It was clear from Cora's unscathed appearance that she'd come of her own free will. But why? Before Doll could even express her confusion, Cora turned and ran. Doll went limping after. \"Wait! Where you go?\" Doll managed to say as she limped after her friend, confusion and hurt swirling in her brain. When Doll finally found Cora again, Cora was with Scorpion. Doll flinched. Scorpion was friendly enough with her, but he was terribly flirty and Doll knew that he punished sinners who were too trustful or lustful. Normally, this didn't bother Doll too much, but she couldn't let Cora get hurt by Scorpion, even if Cora seemed to hate her. Doll snuck up on the pair and when she was in Scorpion's sightline, she gestured to him. \"I'll be right back,\" Doll heard Scorpion tell Cora before sliding to her side. \"Hey Doll!\" he said. \"What's up?\" he leaned back casually. Doll had no time for this. Instead, she pointed at Cora and shook her head. \"You don't want me to hurt her?\" Scorpion frowned, trying to interpret her gestures. She nodded. \"Whose orders?\" he asked next. Doll pointed to herself. This evoked a cruel laugh from Scorpion. \"By what authority?\" he asked. \"I'm just doing my job, Doll. I mean, if you're into her, you can help, but I can't just not punish her, Doll. It's my job, don't you see? Unless you want to take it up with Lucifer…\" Scorpion trailed off with a wicked grin. He was trying to scare Doll but she was already too worked up to care. Instead, she tried to sign to him that she and Cora were friends. At last, the message finally got through. \"But how?\" Scorpion asked, sounding genuinely surprised. \"She only died a few hours ago!\" he added. What? That caught Doll off guard. Cora may have arrived here in Hell a few hours ago, but she died years ago, with Doll, in that bus crash. Doll tilted her head and Scorpion raised his right hand. \"I know I'm not an honest guy but I swear to you on my best knife that this chick only died like two hours ago. This is only my second time through with her!\" he pleaded, but Doll shook her head. There had to be a mistake. She signed to him, asking how he knew when this girl died. \"As you get more used to Hell, you'll find you can sense sinners and their stories,\" Scorpion explained. \"And I can sense that this girl got shot in a robbery just a few hours ago,\" he added. Doll shook her head in disbelief, but then she crouched down to write in the dirt. Name? \"Lyndon,\" Scorpion replied. Doll's face fell. She knew Scorpion was a chronic liar but there was something in his voice that was not being faked. Doll knew in her heart that this time, Scorpion wasn't playing a game. This girl was honestly named Lyndon and she had in fact been shot down and killed just a few hours ago. There was no lying right here and now. Doll stood there, shaking as she processed this horrible truth. Scorpion grew uncomfortable, sensing that she was about to go berserk. \"Look Doll, I've gotta get back to work,\" he said. \"But I'll distract her and keep her here for a bit so you can see her better,\" he added before sliding back over to where Lyndon was still waiting for him. He hadn't even bothered to get Doll's answer on whether or not she wanted to do this but Doll limped dumbly over to the pair anyway. She angled herself until she could see better and she realized that Scorpion really was right. Cora had short brown hair, bright blue eyes, was a bit shorter than a normal girl, had a sweet yet stern face, and wore the average applicant uniform. This girl, Lyndon, had slightly darker and longer hair with darker eyes and she seemed more entitled and hotheaded than Cora ever had and her outfit didn't fit the applicant uniforms and she was actually a bit taller than Doll. The physical appearance between Cora and Lyndon, though close, were off enough for Doll to see that this girl was Lyndon and not Cora. But this would also explain her earlier confusion and her disgust at Doll's appearance even after Doll managed to give her name. So it was true. This wasn't Cora. Doll wasn't going to be saved. Doll felt her heart break all over again and she fell to her knees miserably, unaware of when Scorpion finally led Cora, no, Lyndon away. Pain and fury rose up in Doll's heart until she felt it and her head spin. She looked to Heaven slowly before letting out a cry despairing enough to be that of a sinner and angry enough to be that of a demon. It was just like the scream she uttered when she first arrived in Hell. Doll had finally, truly broken. The realization that her friend really wasn't ever going to come save her finally sunk in and the realization that she was stuck here for good without a hope of seeing her old home again stung like a knife. She began to scream and cry pitifully and finally she was only a ball of broken misery lying in the dirt. But Doll couldn't wallow in self-pity forever. Instead, she finally forced herself up and limped to the main tent of the Devil's Carnival. She entered in to see Lyndon's corpse bound to a knife wheel with a knife protruding from her chest. Doll approached the girl with a mix of emotions. Lyndon still looked so much like Cora that seeing her corpse hurt Doll, but at the same time Doll still felt a twisted sense of justice at seeing her enemy paying for her sins. She treaded about the girl curiously, fairest wheels turning madly. Finally it all made sense. This girl was not Cora, thus everything that happened to her was deserved. She did not deserve Doll's pity. Yet Cora also deserved suffering and just because she was still in Heaven didn't mean she deserved to be there. Even though Lyndon was not Cora, Cora deserved the same fate and neither one of them deserved Doll's pity. Doll remembered that, while being thrown from Heaven, Cora had cried for her but didn't do a thing to help Doll. No, Cora deserved Hell for her cowardice and disloyalty to the girl she claimed to love. It didn't matter how hard Cora had cried for her, Cora never did a damn thing to actually save her… Slowly but surely, Doll began to convince herself Cora never really loved her at all and that she was just as guilty as snobby Lyndon. No, it had all been an elaborate trap set by God to kick her out. It might've worked, but now Doll made a vow for revenge. A vow to kill God, Agent, and Cora. As this vow was made, fury and scorn took control of Doll. Then she made a second vow. She would never be June again. Gone was her sense of humanity, pity, compassion and kindness. All those traits were weaknesses down here and Doll was casting them off just as she had cast off Heaven and all those who lived there, even Cora and Agent. From now on, only Doll would remain, only a heartless and merciless demon incapable of pity would remain! Doll suddenly mounted the knife wheel, tore the knife from Lyndon's chest, and began to strike the girl's corpse repeatedly just to vent. She hit the girl's corpse over and over again with Scorpion's knife. Several mins later, she was finished using Lyndon's corpse as a punching bag and she put the knife in her dress to return to Scorpion later. She looked at Lyndon's lacerated body and smirked. She also pressed a passionate kiss to the dead girl's lips as another way to seal the vow of vengeance and hatred. She smirked again as she pulled away, leaving bite marks on Lyndon's perfect lips. With that, she exited the big top tent and let the undertaker carnies carry Lyndon away to be brought back for later usage. Doll was looking for Scorpion. Once upon a time she despised him and his job, but now she was desperate to be his partner and practice the art of killing so that when the day of revenge came, Doll might be ready. No, not might. Would . She would be ready and that was a vow! AN: I just imagine that Doll, at least once, would've hallucinated being saved or she would've held out the hope that somebody would bring her back to Heaven. This is just me writing that theory out and it was semi-based off of the line \"Truce, truce, let's make a vow!\". On that note, too, I couldn't think of a good name for Cora's clone here, so I just used the actresses name but I had no intention of implying that she deserved this fate. I think Lyndon is awesome. Doll's just gone a bit loony at this point, but who can blame her? Nobody is coming to take her home, of course she'd be mad. ","Summary":" Doll limped through the Devil's Carnival. She'd been here for about a month, but she was still reco"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Father, I Have Sinned","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13110686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Father, I have sinned...\" Cora knelt at her God's holy alter, a guilty sinner lying prostrate before the Almighty Judge. Fingers clasped in pleading prayer, she trembled. \"For I have loved a woman without fear...\" Cora finally confessed her innermost thought, her innermost sin, her innermost desire . \"Loved her with all the fires of Hell burning inside me.\" Even now, the young woman could feel the familiar, powerful, pulsing warmth coursing through her entire body as she thought about June, about the woman she loved. All the passionate love she felt for June mingled with the tender warmth of pure affection. It was sparking embers, smoldering coals, a glowing hearth, and a raging inferno all at once, burning and soothing her heart in equal amounts. \"I have loved a woman with open palms,\" The young woman confessed, unthinkingly unfolding her hands and facing them upward to Heaven, but whether she was doing this to bear her guilt or to display her passionate pleasure was unknown both to her and the God to whom she was praying. \"Open legs. \"Rolling hips.\" Cora closed her eyes, not in piety, but memory. The warmth of June, the strength of June, the power of June, the rhythm of June, the vulnerability of June, the openness of June. All of these paradoxes... Then those blue eyes opened again, cold, hard and sharp. Almost defiant. \"And no apology...\" \"Father, I have sinned,\" The young woman repeated then, but this time, the pleading faded away into pure statement of truth. A confession, but not one done in fear or guilt. Just one in plain acceptance, acknowledgement and agreement. \"For I have shunned your churches,\" She said, looking around at the wooden panels and stained glass. The steeple, the chapel, the pews, the Bibles and hymnals in every single one. All of them were beautiful, but in the way a Venus flytrap was beautiful, false, sickly sweet, full of lies, and dangerous. \"And scorned your priests,\" Although none were present, she could see the stuffy old white men in their stuffy old white robes of virtue clearly in her mind. Oh, how she hated them! And their stupid books that they carried around for all to see. But their noses were always in the air, so how did they ever even read what was in those books that they toted around so much? \"I have disgraced Adam and Eve,\" She said, turning to a mural on one of the walls of the chapel in which she prayed. It was masterpiece! Lovely to behold and obviously done with painstaking love and care. But the one thing more beautiful than Adam was Eve and more beautiful than her was the fruit hanging from the branch. \"With my poisoned apple...\" When she saw that perfectly round, red fruit, she could see June's plump red lips. She could smell the fresh and slightly wild scent of June's hair. She could feel the smooth, firm skin. And she could taste that sweet, sweet nectar that had so tempted and seduced Eve all those eons ago. Now she was at it again, the succulent taste too much to resist even now. She always came back for more, despite her Lord's warnings. \"Sweeter than your manna...\" Cora recalled the taste of June's lips and skin, warm and fresh. Was it what Eve had tasted when she took that first fateful bite? And if so, did Eve ever regret her mistake? Or had that one second with the apple been worth the punishment that followed? Was it so sweet and intoxicating as June? \"And freer than your garden,\" Cora now could see all the wild romps she and June had enjoyed, so madly in love. Every walk near a moonlit river, every run through a beautiful garden, their own paradise, every exploration in a new park, each prettier than the last. Surely Eden could never have compared for Eden never had June. Eden was constrained, one small garden with rules and borders. With June, it was a new Eden every day and there was no fear in any of them. \"My own personal genesis...\" In this church, she felt hollow, cold and dead. A puppet. With June, she felt like one coming to life again, a resurrection of love as powerful as Jesus'. She came alive again, breathing and moving. When she was with June, she became who she always was and who she was meant, truly, to be. It really was her own genesis, only this time she was both creator and creation. It was freedom and birth with no strings attached. \"Father, I have sinned,\" Cora uttered for the third time. Once for the Father, once for the Son, and once for the Holy Ghost. Or perhaps it was one for her Past, her Present, and her Future. Not God's future, the ordained path of righteousness, but the one she was choosing to write for herself. \"But you will not find me on my knees,\" She said, slowly rising from the alter. \"You will find me on my feet,\" She looked up at the golden cross hanging before her. It was beautiful, but she would not kneel to stone. She would only kneel to flesh. June's. \"You will find my hand in hers,\" The young woman vowed, already feeling June's phantom fingers twining with her own, expressing so much based on how she held Cora's hand. She was dragging the girl along, holding her close for comfort and support, she was pulling her back in for another kiss, asking her to stay, she was squeezing Cora's hand to show unity, she was gripping the girl's fingers in childish excitement, their hands were held during their most private of moments. Their hands were a symbol of them, and nothing else. \"I have loved her with defiance,\" Cora decided, thinking upon every time someone had frightened her away, but that was one thing Cora always noticed about herself. No matter who warned her away from June, although Cora would always agree for a time, she always, always, ALWAYS came back to June in the end. It wasn't the defiance that was big or bold, but it was still a defiance, just quieter, gentler. It was not the roaring lion, but the mouse that was not afraid of the lion. In this case, the Lion of Judea. Against, or perhaps with, better judgement, Cora never managed to stay away from her temptation for long. \"I have screamed from lips that drip with love and lust!\" Cora's breathing grew heavy as she thought of the passion and anguish both that she had screamed. The agony, guilt and despair that was always chorused with the pure ecstasy and the sense of fullness and pleasure. Her mouth was always open and never soundless, screaming out how much she loved June, even if June was the only one to hear these open-mouthed gasps and cries. \"I worship at her alter.\" Cora said firmly, deciding her true allegiance. It was not to God's feet that she fell willingly, it was to June's. It was to June's she surrendered total control with a blissful and willing smile on her face. It was at June's feet she fell every time, undone by everything that beautiful conundrum of a woman did. It was not any of God's miracles or promises, it was simply the apparition of one of his angels. This was what broke Cora every time, her savior and her condemner, her Eden, her Apple, her Serpent, her Angel, her everything. Her freedom and her choice. \"Father, I have sinned. And I do not ask forgiveness.\" AN: I found this poem written in a poetry book published by IU Bloomington's Hutton Honors College. The book was called \"Labyrinth\" and the poem, written by someone named Abby M, was called \"Heaven Above/Below\". I just had to write a fic about it because it was such a powerful poem to me. It hit really close to home, and I wanted to share it with everyone else because I think it deserves to be told (and this is coming from a girl who doesn't normally like/read poetry). It's so beautiful and intense, I hope everyone enjoyed. ","Summary":" \"Father, I have sinned...\" Cora knelt at her God's holy alter, a guilty sinner lying prostrate be"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Curtain","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cora Stein stood proudly beside her fellow applicants. Today, they were becoming full angels of Heaven. Cora felt her heart pound as she took her new, numbered badge. It was a strip of bright gold cloth and, stitched upon it, was a blood-red seven. As she removed her applicant badge in favor of the new one and received her new uniform, just a hint of grief flickered through Cora's mind. There was one applicant who had begun training with them but hadn't finished. June Freeman. She was Cora's best friend until her rebellious ways got her exiled to Hell. Cora was there that dark and fateful night and even now, though it had been several months, she still had nightmares about it sometimes. June should've been here with the others, getting her number too… But she wasn't and nothing would change that! Cora shook her head roughly and forced herself to smile again. She couldn't let anybody know she still missed June. And now, as a full angel of Heaven, she had a lot more responsibility. She couldn't afford to be the same girl she once was. A month later, Cora lost the other girls from her applicant training as well. They weren't sent to Hell, or anything, Cora just didn't see them as often as she used to. They were a lot busier now and there were so many working horses that sometimes it got hard to tell who was who. To be fair, though, Cora never made too much of an effort to meet any of them. Nobody on either side of this minded much and, in general, Cora did like everyone she worked with. Well, almost everyone. The one person Cora hated was the man in charge of their troop. The Designer. He was still just as rude, snobby, and sexual as Cora remembered from when she met him on her first day in Heaven. She tried not to wince as he dragged his long, glamorous cape along her leg. She did her best to ignore his advances and she continued her endless sewing of uniforms and costumes. In time, Designer gave Cora a special job. \"The curtain of the Sacred Soundstage has several wear and tears and I am assigning you with the task of fixing it,\" he told Cora. \"Do not disappoint me,\" he added sternly before brushing past her with a dramatic wave of his cape. Cora shivered once again and was glad for the excuse to leave level seven even if only for a little while. Come to think of it, this was probably the first time she would've been on a floor other than level seven since the day of the applicant graduations. The young working horse took a kit of tools and rode the elevator to level four. \"Hello there!\" a friendly face and a kind voice greeted Cora the moment left the elevator. It was the Publicist. He waved her on in with excitement, chattering eagerly with her although nothing he saw was of too much importance. Cora had to admit, though, despite the everlasting funeral that had been marching on in her heart, Publicist's spunky, sparky, happy-go-lucky attitude did kind of cheer her up. He just seemed so genuine and sweet and innocent that it reminded Cora that there was still some good in the world. Not everyone was a snake. \"Hello sir,\" she replied as the pair walked over to the soundstage together. \"Are you here to fix the curtain?\" he asked. \"Yes sir,\" Cora repeated. She curtseyed slightly, as was protocol when facing somebody in higher rank. \"Excellent!\" he clapped her warmly on the back and led her to the long ruby-red cloth. \"Here you are dear!\" he said as she knelt beside the holes. \"As you can see, there are a few threads loose here and some small holes a bit lower down. What we really noticed, however, was this big ugly hole right here,\" he paused to point at one particular spot on the curtain. The hole really wasn't that big, only being the size of a finger, but Cora knew that in God's eyes, such an imperfection was an abomination and an offense to the highest degree. \"Don't worry. This will be an easy fix,\" Cora muttered as she inspected all the other little tears and frayed threads. \"That's a relief to hear!\" Publicist exclaimed. \"Now tell me, what is your name, young miss?\" he asked. \"Cora Stein,\" Cora answered. \"Ah! What a lovely name!\" Publicist said. Cora couldn't help but look away shyly. Publicist seemed to see that he was making the girl a bit giggly so he took a step back while Cora continued to kneel beside the curtain. \"Well, Cora, if you need anything, just ask!\" he said, then he left Cora to do her thing while he went over into the next room, a rehearsal room, and tuned his songbirds. After Publicist had gone, Cora turned to face the door through which he'd exited and she smiled just a little. He really was such an adorable fellow and Cora genuinely liked him. But after offering that small smile to the absent man, Cora turned back to the red curtain and pulled out her sewing kit. The holes may not have been large or many, but it would still take time and devotion to see that the curtain was fixed perfectly. For the next hour, while Publicist rehearsed his singers and musicians in the next room over, Cora sat beside the curtain, sewing it up with great care. She knew every last thread was under her jurisdiction and any mistake would reflect very poorly upon her. Initially, she'd begun the task fretfully. It didn't matter how good or talented a worker she was, she still had a fear of slipping up. As time passed, however, Cora got lost in the music being played around her and though she was still fixing the curtain, her stress slid away until she found herself sewing to the beat. Loop, pull, stitch, loop, pull, stitch, loop pull, stitch. Even after Cora finished the curtain until nobody could even tell there had been a hole, Cora remained hidden in the corner, ear pressed almost against the wall as she listened to the music. She'd been there so long she began to pick up the melody and found herself singing along, absorbing every word Publicist said as though she was one of his birds of song as well. She was so entranced with the music and so bent upon learning at that she didn't even notice when several of Publicist's musicians passed by the soundstage in order to get to another room over. When they saw her listening in on the lesson, they covered their mouths in horror and reported her at once. \"She was singing along?\" Publicist repeated as his musicians came back. \"Aye, sir! We saw her! Just sittin' there and leanin' against the wall!\" they nodded back. \"Hmmm,\" Publicist rubbed his chin thoughtfully. \"Give me a moment,\" he said. Then he turned back to his other singers. \"Just sing your warm-ups a few times, I'm going to see how well you project by walking out into the hallway!\" he announced. The singers obeyed with question and the moment they began singing, he got up and exited the room to go see if what his other musicians had said was true. It was. Cora, eyes closed, was leaning against the wall and tapping a beat on her leg as her mouth moved along with the songs coming from the next room over. \"Cora!\" Publicist called to the working horse. So surprised was she by the interruption that she literally jumped up from her seat. \"Sir?!\" she squeaked, guilt clear in her voice. \"Will you come to the other room?\" he asked, face revealing nothing. Cora's heart began to race with fear but she obediently followed the leader of the songbirds from the soundstage to the rehearsal room. She could only hope that her punishment for eavesdropping would be light. She still got her job done after all, the curtain was perfect! Once Cora entered the rehearsal room, she found herself surrounded by a color cast of characters, each with a thin booklet of music in their hands. Publicist led Cora further into the room until she stood facing all of them. She swallowed and tried hard not to crack. \"Ladies and gentlemen, this is Cora!\" the Publicist introduced. \"Hi Cora,\" the whole choir monotoned. Cora could only nod, voice no longer working. \"I've brought her here today to sing for you!\" Publicist continued and Cora couldn't help the strangled cry that came from her throat then. \"What?!\" she asked. The moment the question left her mouth, she regretted questioning the man and expected a rebuke, but none came. Instead, Publicist only smiled serenely and patted Cora's back. \"I noticed you singing there in the corner,\" he said. Cora bowed her head guiltily. \"Now I was wonder if you'd sing for us,\" Cora's head shot up. \"Your voice was so very good, after all!\" Publicist continued and Cora's jaw hung open. \"Now please, sing for us.\" \"Well, uhhh, what do you want to hear?\" the brunette asked, voice and body shaking. \"Oh, anything!\" Publicist waved dismissively. \"Take your pick! This is just to see what you can do, after all.\" \"Ok then,\" Cora was still a little unsure about this, but after a moment of deciding, she took a deep breath and began to sing. Ultimately, she went with the age old Alleluia and though it was a very short and cliché audition, it won everybody in the room over. \"Wonderful!\" Publicist cried above the applause as Cora curtseyed shyly, trying to smooth her hair and dress. She hadn't expected such a positive response but here she was, being congratulated by every singer in the room for her little piece. \"Thank you, sir,\" she replied gratefully. Then a thought struck her. She knew it was wrong of her to request anything of him because he was so far higher up in Heaven than she was, but she couldn't help it. It was a request she wanted to place desperately and he seemed so friendly that she wasn't afraid to ask him the question. What she wanted was to be a personal seamstress for him so that she could sit in on these wonderful music lessons more often. Of course, she didn't mean right now because she was still pretty inexperienced, but perhaps later in life. She had been right in the middle of asking when a loud, irritated voice called out from the far side of the room. Cora jumped in fright and turned to see Designer glaring at her. \"Where have you been? You were supposed to report to me immediately after, not dilly dally!\" he snapped as Cora began to apologize. \"Don't blame her!\" Publicist interrupted, coming to Cora's aid and even stepping in front of her. It was a beautiful gesture nobody had made for her in a very long time. \"I asked her to stay,\" the leader of the songbirds said. \"She has carried out her orders faithfully and efficiently,\" he added, vouching for her. Cora thanked him silently and he nodded in reply. \"Hmmm, so be it,\" Designer huffed in reply, clearly mad that he wasn't able to use this transgression against Cora as it was, technically, Publicist's fault. \"But she must report back now!\" the man insisted. \"We have more work to do!\" \"Yes, sir!\" Cora bowed quickly to Publicist before leaping from the stage and scurrying after Designer. Had she bothered to look back as she joined Designer on the elevator back to the sweat shop, she'd have seen Publicist looking thoughtfully after her. AN: I'm in my school choir and, for some reason, our choir room has these two big red curtains in front of the white board. Apparently, at one point, one of those curtains got torn so the teacher called in some lady to come and fix them. For that whole day, she just sat there, sewing the curtains back up while our rehearsal carried on like normal. Get this, though, that lady was named Cora. I'm not kidding. The moment I heard her name, this fic popped into my head and this was meant to explain how Cora became a four. I don't know much about how Heaven promotes and demotes, but I like to think that everyone starts out as a seven and must earn their way up. So here, Cora and all her friends begin as working horses but this is the first time anyone considers that Cora might be better-suited for a higher rank. ","Summary":" Cora Stein stood proudly beside her fellow applicants. Today, they were becoming full angels of Hea"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Fallen Angel","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882444","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cora Stein and her peers had just become full angels of Heaven when God himself interrupted the ceremony. \"Wait!\" he cried, authoritative voice shaking the chapel. Everyone fell silent instantly, cleaving desperately to every word God had to say. \"I have one minor change to make!\" he said, then he walked right over to Cora and once they were mere inches away, he held out his hand. Nobody needed him to say a word to understand what he was asking of the young woman. \"Sir?\" the girl squeaked, voice almost two octaves higher than normal as her heart practically tore itself from her chest. God only continued to hold his hand out silently and Cora felt herself start shaking. What did God want with her badge? With her ? Surely she wasn't being punished or demoted! Especially not before she'd even made it in! And besides, she had been nothing but perfectly obedient ever since June took the fall and that had happened a few months ago. Why was Cora being singled out now? But Cora knew it was not her place to question the author, so she obediently handed away her new armband. God took it from her with a smirk before pocketing it. Cora gulped. All eyes were on her, wide and horrified. What had she done? But then, God's unreadable expression changed and he began to smile at Cora with undisguised pride and joy. It was such a shift that Cora had to blink a few times to be sure she wasn't just hallucinating. But now, God was grinning from ear to ear, looking like he was about to burst from joy. He pulled his hand back out of his pocket and handed Cora a new armband. This one had a bright red four on it. Before handing it to her, however, God held it high in the air for all to see and the moment the crowd realized what they were looking at, they went hysterical. Crying and clapping and congratulating, they chanted Cora's name while Cora, feeling lightheaded, took the armband from God with a subdued expression. \"Thank you, sir,\" she gasped weakly, swaying as she put on the armband. Looks of awe and excitement surrounded her as she pulled the thing on. God steadied her with a good-natured look before turning back to the crowd and quieting them once more. Then he looked back at Cora. \"Perhaps, you could grace us with your first song as a four?\" he asked. It was not a request, no matter how gently he had asked. Not that Cora wanted to argue at this point. She was far too relieved and honored at her fortune to do more than nod and clear her throat and sing. Cora had intended to sing a song of praise written after the first war against Heaven but as the verses rolled on, as enchanting as her voice was, notes of sorrow and longing began to creep in. Only a few people in attendance to the ceremony picked up on them, but those few began to frown. The song Cora had chosen was a triumphant one, but the way she sung it was sad and mournful, reflective on all that was lost instead of celebrating all that was gained. God was among those frowning slightly. He allowed the girl to finish the song and he clapped just as hard as everyone else once it was over, but Cora could see in his eyes that he was asking her what in his name she thought she was doing. Truthfully, she didn't have an answer. That sadness wasn't supposed to spill out into her singing, it just kind of happened. She hoped her genuinely confused look was able to convey that, but she was never able to get a confirmation on it because God took leave of the little chapel immediately thereafter. There was one other person in the crowd, however, who had understood the true meaning behind the song Cora was singing and, unlike God, he stayed behind to get her alone and speak with her. It was Agent. He had been watching the whole ceremony and even after it ended, people complimenting Cora and her divine voice, he continued to watch. But finally, Cora managed to excuse herself from the crowd. Agent made his move at once, quickly running after her. \"Ms. Stein!\" he called out to her as she walked away down one of Heaven's emptier halls. \"Sir?\" the woman turned obediently out of habit but was a little less than happy to realize who it was that had stopped her. Although Cora had never spoke to Agent before and, by the natural fact that he outranked her, she respected him like she was supposed to, a genuine dislike rippled just beneath her surface. That dislike stemmed from the fact that he had stole June's attention from her and then had directly caused her fall from grace. Warranted or not, Cora never truly forgave the archangel for taking away her lover. \"I need to speak with you,\" the man said. Cora only bowed demurely, knowing she couldn't refuse him either way. She allowed him to lead her up to his office, thoughts of June, that fallen angel, swirling in her mind. June should've been with them at the ceremony… \"You have quite the lovely voice,\" Agent began once he and Cora had taken seats at his desk. Cora bowed again. \"I must ask, though, why did you choose that particular song?\" he inquired. This time, Cora wasn't able to get away with a nod or a bow. She took a deep breath as she mulled over an answer that was honest and believable yet not too revealing. At last, she had something. \"It was just instinct, sir,\" she said. \"Explain,\" Agent insisted. \"I knew I wanted to sing a song of triumph and celebration, we were graduating, after all, but I'm not sure why I went with that particular hymn. I suppose it just sounded so lovely and was so upbeat, it was in celebration of our first victory against Hell, you know?\" she asked, though she knew he knew. Agent may not have been around for that first battle, but he knew all about it and that hymn had been written by an old friend of his. \"I sang that song,\" Cora continued, \"because I liked the message. It was all about triumph after a loss and the hope of a new and better future. I hadn't meant for it to sound so sad…\" she trailed off, eyebrows creasing. \"Who were you thinking of to make it sound so sad?\" Agent asked. Just for a moment, a flash of bravery filled Cora's being and she looked him dead in the eye when she answered. \"I think you already know the answer to that question,\" it was a plain answer, but the implications were heavy. Agent, however, didn't get mad. \"You're right,\" he agreed instead. Silence filled the air around them for a moment more before Agent leaned in closer to the newly made songbird. \"What did she mean to you? The fallen angel?\" he asked. \"The fallen angel?\" Cora echoed, frowning in distaste. \"You know we are forbidden from speaking her name,\" he replied and Cora conceded. \"So tell me, then, what did she mean to you?\" Agent asked again. Cora wanted to ask him what he meant by this but, as with her own remark, the implications were clear. A small part of Cora wanted to plead for silence, knowing that confessing her love for June, especially to Agent, could get her into serious trouble, but a larger part of Cora convinced her that, as insane as it sounded, Agent was someone she could trust… \"I loved her,\" Cora answered. \"I loved June. She and I were lovers.\" \"Mmmm,\" Agent only nodded, leaning back again in his chair, as though Cora's vague answer had placated him. \"You loved her?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" Cora repeated, unafraid to admit it anymore. \"Tell me, what did you love about her?\" Agent asked next. The next hour was spent with Agent and Cora simply chatting about June. Neither of them knew it, but the only reason either of them was having such a daring session was out of loneliness and desperation. Despite June having fallen months ago, neither of them were even remotely close to getting over the trauma of seeing June fall. On the contrary, this was the first time either of them had confronted the issue head on and tried to do something about it. This little therapy session between angels of vastly different personalities and lives was the first time either of them had spoke of June, the fallen angel. It was a dangerous game to play but both of them were far too in need of comfort to care. Instead, as the evening bled into night, Agent excused Cora from having to follow the curfew and instead, they continued to share stories about June until everything was on the table. Both of them had confessed to loving and sleeping with the fallen angel. \"I hope you know how jealous I am of you, sir,\" Cora remarked in a matter-of-fact-tone. Agent gave her a small laugh. \"I do understand,\" he said. \"And I apologize.\" \"Hmmm,\" Cora replied, then their talk went on. Though the pair still wouldn't consider themselves friends, the loss of June had united them in a way deeper than common friendship ever could. Instead, they were two broken hearts using each other's fragments to fill in their own injuries. Perhaps it was selfish, but for the first time since June fell, both of them found themselves able to smile, just a little. Talking about June with someone after keeping her bottled up for so long was very liberating and both Agent and Cora felt mutually bonded by their shared secret love of the fallen angel. Nobody else in all of Heaven would ever be able to hear what they had said that night and because of that, the two knew they were united against the world. However different they were and however infrequently they had or would interact, they were forever bonded by something and that was all that mattered. \"I think I should go,\" Cora murmured finally. \"You should,\" Agent agreed hollowly, holding the door open for Cora as he led her back to the elevator to the fourth floor. \"Goodnight, Agent,\" Cora said. \"Goodnight, Cora,\" Agent replied. That was their last exchange for quite some time but even after the elevator doors shut, neither of them would forget the other or the conversations and secrets they'd shared about their fallen angel. AN: I honestly love the Agent and Cora platonic ship. I like to imagine them being each other's beards both in the sense that they act like a loving couple to fool Heaven and they act as each other's emotional support since nobody else in Heaven would ever understand what they were going through after June fell. I think these two would honestly be cute together, but once again, in a nonsexual and nonromantic way. And no, Cora's song was not a real one. I just like the idea that she tried to choose a victory song but accidently turned it into a mourning song as her subconscious dedicated it to June. I had no particular song in mind, so feel free to add one in. Also, if you notice, we've got more of God being a grade-A jerk by scaring the daylights out of Cora with a fake \"you're in trouble\" shtick which was kind of what he did after \"Down at the Midnight Rectory\" when he entered the speakeasy all serious and angry but then began to sing a happy little song that set everyone at ease. God is such a troll! ","Summary":" Cora Stein and her peers had just become full angels of Heaven when God himself interrupted the cer"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Shower","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13032879","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Oh, the animals promenade by the station,\" Cora hummed to herself as she stepped into the shower. It had been a long day, acclimating to Heaven and getting the grand tour, but Cora was still very much wide awake. Publicist's jaunty little tune was still stuck in her head and she had been singing to herself all day. \"O'er the timbers, o'er the-\" \"EVERYBODY'S DOING THE ARK!\" a voice interrupted. The owner of the voice shoved her head inside of the shower with Cora. \"OH GOD!\" Cora yelped, jumping backward and, on a reflex, crossing her arms over her chest. Being in the shower, she wasn't able to go very far and ended up slamming into the back wall. She hissed in pain and turned around to check her bare shoulder. That was probably going to bruise. Then she turned a steely blue gaze back towards the intruder upon her shower. It was June, grinning cheekily through the warm spray of water rushing from the showerhead and down her face. \"Ahh, I always knew I'd be able to get you to scream that for me,\" June said, making sure that Cora saw the way she was eyeballing Cora's breasts. \"JUNE FREEMAN!\" Cora stomped her foot, arms still firmly wrapped around her chest. \"Ah, and I knew I'd get you to scream my name too!\" June sounded delighted. Cora growled, a low and guttural sound. June pretended to look like she was considering the sound. \"Maybe it was more of a growl than a groan,\" she said. \"But I guess it'll do...\" \"Get out!\" Cora finally interrupted June and her innuendos. For one brief second, one of her arms fell away from her chest, but June didn't get to enjoy the view because the hand on that arm suddenly shot forward and shoved her, by the face, back out of the shower. \"Don't be such a wet blanket!\" June sing-songed as she hit the smooth tile of the bathroom floor. \"Actually, never mind! DO be wet blanket!\" she amended her statement, cackling madly. \"If you know what I-\" \"June! Get out!\" Cora repeated, sticking her face through the shower curtain to glower at her shower intruder. \"Awww, come on, Cora! I'm just trying to have a little fun!\" June finally got up off the floor, pushing out her lower lip and widening her eyes. \"Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not!\" one of Cora's hands shot through the shower curtain to point accusingly at June's face. \"No puppy eyes! Absolutely not! It is so not going to happen!\" she threatened, but June only continued to give Cora the most adorably pleading look she could. \"No!\" Cora repeated firmly. \"You're interrupting my shower! Go away!\" \"Well, maybe I have to shower too,\" June said, finally quitting with the puppy face. \"There are other bathrooms open,\" Cora growled impatiently. \"No there aren't, I checked,\" June replied cheekily. \"Then just wait your turn!\" Cora cried. \"I am,\" June shrugged, still smirking. \"In here?\" Cora cried in exasperation. \"Why not?\" June asked innocently. Cora didn't even bother to respond. June took the opportunity to speak again. \"I really am waiting for the shower, so if you could please hurry up and quit staring at me, that would be outstanding,\" she said. \"Oooh!\" Cora snarled in anger at June's audacity to accuse her of being distracted when this was all June's fault anyway. She yanked her head back into the shower and began to angrily soap her body, trying madly not to think about the fact that June was only inches away as she did this. Meanwhile, outside the shower curtain, June was grinning wickedly. She got undressed as quietly as she could, waited for a couple minutes longer, then shoved her head back inside the shower, though she was careful to hide the fact that she was naked. \"June!\" Cora whined pleadingly, once again covering herself as June's head appeared. \"I'm just trying to tell you that you're wasting a lot of water,\" June said innocently. \"Well, it takes me awhile, ok? Be patient. It's not like Heaven's got a water shortage! And honestly, your constant interruptions aren't going to speed up the process!\" Cora defended. \"Maybe you're right about Heaven never lacking water, but we still should try to conserve, right?\" June asked, still mockingly innocent. Then she shoved the shower curtain aside, revealing her nakedness, and she barged right into the shower with Cora. Cora wanted to say something. She really did. But the moment June revealed that she was naked, Cora's mind went on lockdown. That problem really was not helped when June so boldly stepped into the shower with her. \"Argh! Hey! What are you doing!?\" Cora mumbled, shaking as she curled herself into the far corner of the shower (which wasn't very far away from where she had started). She was blushing, trying to look away from June, but unable to do so because there was no place for her to turn. \"Conserving water,\" June answered calmly, taking the soap right from Cora's hand and lathering up her body. Cora couldn't stop a gasp of embarrassment at the scandal and once again, she tried to look away. \"Oh, come on, Cora, we're both girls here! And nakedness is natural! It's how we came out of the womb! It was how Adam and Eve lived in Eden! The whole \"sin\" part is just manmade!\" June teased as Cora tried, and failed, to avert her eyes. \"We're old friends, too.\" \"Like that makes it any better,\" Cora grunted. \"And you and I both know we are more than just old friends.\" \"Ah! Good! So you do acknowledge me, my lesbian lover!\" June declared, throwing out her arms. Cora reflexively closed her eyes. \"Of course I do, now hush!\" she grunted, but June was too busy gloating to hear, breasts very exposed, though Cora was intentionally not looking. \"Come on, Cora! Lighten up!\" June cried, touching Cora's cheek. Since Cora's eyes were shut, she had not seen June's hand move closer to her and she yelped when she felt June touch her. \"Oh, and I'm the one who needs to be quiet?\" June teased. Cora finally dared to open her eyes, and when she did, she admonished herself. June was intentionally giving her seduction eyes, tilting her head and jutting out her hips in such a way that she knew would drive Cora wild. The way she stood had the water intentionally slipping down her body in a very seductive way. This just wasn't fair at all. \"Come on, Cora,\" June crooned, voice soft and low. \"We're saving the water.\" \"No we're not,\" Cora replied. Her voice had undergone a sudden shift, becoming very determined and hard. June raised her eyebrows in interest at this sudden mood swing. \"We're wasting water because we're going to need a heck of a lot longer shower because I swear to God, the things I'm thinking right now are so very dirty and sinful, natural or not...\" Cora growled. June had wanted to reply. She really did. But it was kind of hard to do when her lips were being smashed against Cora's. Maybe Cora was the \"good\" one between herself and June, but Heaven knew that Cora could be just as fiery and feisty. It was a very good, very long shower, and it took quite awhile to get \"clean\". AN: Just a stupid June/Cora I came up with while in the shower. Mildly inspired off the PP Bechloe thing. ","Summary":" \"Oh, the animals promenade by the station,\" Cora hummed to herself as she stepped into the shower"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"The Scorpion and The Frog","Author":"WickedEmerald13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13192493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tamara was wandering around the carnival, looking for somewhere to hide. She had awoken again, this time in a white summer dress in what appeared to be a dressing room. There were broken mannequins lying about, some missing arms and others missing their heads. It was quite creepy, but not as off putting as it perhaps should be. She had seen worse in the carnival, and had debated on staying there. If she stayed there she would be safe from the others roaming around, but she would never find her way out. And while she had been lucky and not had her own personal encounter with any of the carnies, she had seen what they had done to the woman in the fur coat. She did not want to end up like her. Tamara wanted to go home, even if she couldn't remember what or where that was. All she remembered was the carnival, as if this was all she had ever known and will ever know. But sometimes she'll get this feeling in the center of her being, or a stray thought running through her head. A feeling telling her that this wasn't natural, and a voice telling her that she needed to get out as fast as she could. She didn't belong here, wherever here was. She paused in her steps, hearing faint laughter coming from the tent up ahead. It sounded like someone was singing to an enthusiastic audience, and if her memory was anything to go by, she didn't want to know what was being celebrated. Tamara tried to blend in with her surroundings, but the white dress stood out like a sore thumb in the dark, dull colors of the carnival. Maybe if she- Tamara let out an ear piercing screech as she felt someone grip onto her arm, and change her direction. The laughter from the tent suddenly subsided, and she looked to see who had grabbed her only to make eye contact with a huge eyeglass. \"Calm yourself!\" The man told her with a steadying gaze and firm grip. The carnies in the tent began to peek out as he lead her to one of the bigger tents further from the main act tent. Looking at it now, Tamara wondered how she hadn't noticed it before. \"Stay away from me!\" She yelled out, trying to jerk away from him as he pulled her with him, and the other Carnies all laughed and pointed at her. \"You are going to be late for a very important appointment, and not being punctual won't do you any favors.\" He told her in an even tone, his grip not letting up, but also not tightening. The sounds of the laughing carnies faded as they got nearer to the big tent, and Tamara felt an overwhelming surge of panic course through her. Her heart was beating frantically in her chest, feeling as though a knife hadn't previously protruded from it. \"What are you talking about?\" She asked, her eyes watering up and her throat begin to tighten with the feeling of an oncoming sob about to erupt. He stopped in front of the tent, and turned her to look at him. This was her first time truly looking at him. His skin was a little yellow, and his lips were a purple-ish blue. He was much taller than her, and he was bald at the top of his head. His clothes were more put together than the other carnies, and his face….. It was much kinder than the others she had seen. He didn't smirk or laugh at her, he hadn't hurt her (yet), and he seemed tired. Sad, even. \"Just follow the path through that opening, and be on your best behavior. You only get one chance out of here.\" He told her, gesturing to the opening beneath the Devil and his Due sign. \"How do I know this isn't a trick? Why should I trust you?\" She asked him quietly. She didn't believe that he would cause her harm, but she didn't trust her judgement anymore. Not down here. Maybe not ever. \"You shouldn't, but that's for you to decide. Off you go.\" He told her, walking away. Tamara turned back to the tent, and took in a deep breath. If this truly was her only chance out of here, she would be a fool not to take it. But if it were another trick… what else did she have to lose at this point? With a deep intake of breath, she walked through the opening of the tent. She was met with an empty tent, except for a few props and lights that lined the dirt floor. Like a twisted version of Dorothy and the yellow brick road, Tamara followed the lit path through the surprisingly winding tent. She knew it was big, but it somehow felt even bigger. She passed more props, and more striped walls. It felt like she had been walking for hours, and the end of the path looked nowhere to be found. Tamara looked off to the side, and saw an opening in the tent. It veered off from the path, but the man out front had told her that it was up to her to decide if she could trust him. This place had taught her that no one could be trusted, so maybe this was her way out. She made her way out, and it was dark. No lights, no tents in sight, it was a deserted dirt path. Upon closer inspection, she saw an outline of a car. An eerily familiar looking car. If there were keys, maybe she could drive away? Is that what he had meant? This was her one chance out of there? She quickly made her way to the rusted red car, pulling the door open. It felt as if she should know this car. Like it was important, but it wasn't quite clicking. Like a stray thought that you couldn't unravel, and the more you thought on it the further it eluded you. Tamara sat in the driver's seat, running her hands over the navy blue steering wheel with the faded yellow sunflowers. The soft material felt comforting, and she briefly saw keys with a matching sunflower keychain hanging off of them in her mind's eye. Checking the ignition, she realized that the keys weren't there. The Hula girl frozen in her dancing pose sat atop the dashboard, and fuzzy dice hung from the rearview mirror. Tamara went to straighten the mirror when she saw a man's form appear behind the car. She quickly slammed the car door shut, and began rolling up the car windows manually. The action seemed so eerily familiar, like a terrible case of deja vu. She began digging through the glove compartment box, searching for the keys that had to be in the car. Instead what she found was a small gun. Upon seeing it, she drew back in shock. As the small gun clattered to the passenger side floor, Tamara watched as the man suddenly disappeared from the passenger side of the car. Tamara began to have flashes of memory. Her running from a man, Eddie, he had cheated on her again. He had come home smelling of perfume she didn't wear again. They had fought, especially after he accused her of cheating on him. She had gone to get her things, and he had shoved her into the dresser. It wasn't the first time he had laid hands on her, but it was the first time she hadn't forgiven him. She was going to stay with her mom, she had already made the plans. She was going to leave him. But the fight had gotten out of hand, and he had followed her. Tamara hadn't realized that he had a gun. She didn't know. She remembered him telling her to roll down the window, to stay, to talk to him. And she hadn't. She had held her ground and tried to leave. She had finally given up believing him and his lies. And he had shot her. Tamara felt her chest, where the knife had previously been protruding from her body. Where the bullet had previously been lodged into her chest. What had caused her to die. Tamara was dead. She had been dead this whole time. Tears welled up in her eyes, and the sobs that she had been holding back since her second time waking up here suddenly broke free. She cried long and hard, and let it happen. She leaned back in the driver's seat, and looked at herself in the rearview mirror. Her mascara and eyeliner ran down her cheeks, and her eyes were glossy and puffy red. Her hair was dishevelled, and none of it mattered. She was dead. She was dead, and suffering. She was in…. She was in hell. Wiping at her eyes, Tamara made her way out of the car. Her tomb, really. She was dead, and this car was her final resting place in the physical world. Because her soul was in hell. She made her way through the tent flap, and was faced with a wooden door. A door that hadn't been there when she was wandering through the tent. The lights were out, and it was silent. All that could be heard were the shallow breaths she took as her sobs subsided, and she regained her composure. With one final intake of breath, she turned the knob and entered a dimly lit room. One figure sat in a throne before her, reading over a huge book. He didn't look up as she quietly closed the door behind her. \"What did I do wrong?\" She quietly asked him once it became clear that he wasn't going to say anything. He quietly closed the book, and sat it gently on his lap as he took her in. She must have looked a mess, but she didn't see any judgement on his face. She couldn't read anything from his face, not that she was good at reading people anyway. Eddie was the shining example of that. She was a fool. \"What do you think you did?\" He asked her quietly, studying her. Tamara thought back on her life, and couldn't think of anything she had done that was so bad to deserve eternal damnation. She could have volunteered more, or donated more, or tried more to leave the world better than she had come into it. While she hadn't lived a selfless life, she hadn't lived a greedy one. She didn't take more than she was given, or intentionally hurt anyone. Her biggest mistake had been believing Eddie time after time, and she had paid for that mistake with her life. \"I don't know.\" She said quietly, fresh tears pooling in her eyes. She quickly wiped at her eyes, not wanting to be weak in front him. \"You still haven't figured it out? Would you like me to tell you?\" He asked her, with a raised brow. \"How do I know you won't lie?\" She asked, meeting his eyes for the first time since walking in the room. \"What would I have to gain from that?\" He asked her cryptically. \"I don't know. What did the Scorpion have to gain from killing me? What did Eddie have to gain from killing me? How do I know I can trust anything you say?\" She asked, her voice becoming stronger with each word. \"I'm no liar.\" He told her sternly, his voice snapping a little. \"Sorry. I don't know who to trust anymore. I don't trust anyone here. I don't trust myself. I don't trust my judgement. I don't know what I did to deserve being punished like this. What did I do that was so bad that I have to be killed over and over?\" Tamara asked, her voice quiet and broken. He sat back, his face almost reflective as he took in her pitiable state. Her makeup was a mess on her face, her hair was dishevelled, and her white summer dress was stained with dirt and smudges of makeup from her hands. She looked like she was truly suffering, and in pain. She truly didn't know what she had done. \"You're flawed. Imperfect.\" He told her finally. \"But… all humans are flawed. That shouldn't be grounds for eternal punishment.\" She said, meeting his eyes again. \"That they are, but He still doesn't like imperfect dolls.\" He told her, gesturing above him with a scornful look. \"What is my flaw?\" She asked, the tears suddenly drying up. She was getting headache from the strain, but all she could feel was the quiet fury building in the pit of her stomach. \"The very thing that got you killed.\" He told her cryptically. Tamara thought back to how she died, and what she had done wrong. She was leaving her abusive ex. She was almost free. She was going to be able to live her life free of him once and for all. This all would have been avoided had she left him the first time he hurt her, but she had a weak spot for bad boys. And he had said he was sorry, but he was always sorry . She was believed him, always took him back, always trusted him not to hurt her again no matter how many times he did, because he promised ! Suddenly everything clicked into place. Her death, both in life and in death, and the words of the Ticket Keeper, and the one thing that always seemed to get her into trouble. The one thing she began to question upon waking up here again. The one thing that made her flawed. \"I'm to be punished for forever because I trust people?\" She said with a quiet fury, anger coursing through her tired body. \"Seems a bit frugal, doesn't it?\" He asked, running his hand over his chin in thought. Tamara had never been this angry in her life. Well, death, technically. \"But didn't he make me this way? Doesn't he make us the way that we are?\" She asked, fire burning in her eyes. He took her figure in again, appraising her sudden ire. \"He was never one to own up to his own mistakes.\" He said, watching her carefully. Tamara shook with unbridled rage. Why did she have to suffer for something like being too trusting? Since when was that a sin to condemn someone for? \"You have learned your lesson. Those doors will lead you to Heaven. Tell Him I said hello.\" He told her, gesturing to a door with a sudden bright glow appearing from the bottom cracks. \"Do I have to?\" Tamara asked him, anger leaving as fear took its place. He seemed to be truly perplexed by her question, pausing to stare at her with a raised brow. \"Pardon?\" He asked her. \"I don't want to go. How do I know he won't just send me back? Or find another flaw and condemn me again? I don't trust him.\" She finally admitted, backing away from the glowing the door. He seemed truly taken aback by this, not expecting for a Lost Soul to not only overcome their sin, but to refuse to go to Heaven. \"You would rather stay here, than go up there? You'd rather the fires of hell than the light of heaven?\" He asked her incredulously. \"The demon you know….\" She trailed off quietly, and watched as a small smirk appeared on his face. \"Well then. I think it's time you rest your weary eyes.\" He told her, waving a hand over her form. Tamara suddenly felt extremely tired, like the events of the day was finally catching up with her. She fought off a yawn as her vision grew blurry, and her body began to sway. She vaguely felt arms wrap around her as she fell off into a restful slumber. ","Summary":" Tamara was wandering around the carnival, looking for somewhere to hide. She had awoken again, this"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"God","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882459","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cora Stein trembled under the sheets of her luxurious bed. Tears slid silently down her pale face. Just hours ago, her best friend, June Freeman, had been exiled from Heaven. Of course, the fate was deserved, but that didn't make it any easier to swallow. Instead, Cora felt nothing but the deepest guilt, grief, and agony. Part of her simply missed June, part of her felt guilty for not protecting June, and part of her still was angry at God for causing all of this in the first place. Of course, that last sentiment was dangerous, but she was still aching in spirit and couldn't stop her anger against the Almighty. She had always been told that God was good, merciful, and just and she always believed it. At least until now. June's fate didn't seem to fit any of these aforementioned words. What was up with that?! But then, how was she to know? Cora wasn't God. In her heart, God's judgment seemed wrong and cruel. But human hearts weren't aligned with God's so it made sense that there would be disagreements between God and man and, for better or worse, God was always right. He was the Almighty, whatever he said was law. So theoretically, if God suddenly decided to let the Devil take his kingdom or if he decided to banish every last angel to Hell, it would be the right thing to do simply because he said so and, as Creator, he had license to do anything he wanted. Even if that seemed unfair and arbitrary, leaving so much power in the hands of one person who could change the rules on a whim and never be questioned. \"No!\" Cora whispered to herself. She couldn't think like that. It was wrong, rebellious, wicked, and sinful. It didn't matter how she felt, God was always better. Even back on Earth, Cora and everybody she knew was expected to submit to God and, for the most part, they did. Of course, they didn't do it perfectly, but that was the point of God's mercy. He'd taken them in despite their failures. The brunette knew she ought to feel more grateful at the forgiveness God was offering her so freely, but it was so hard to feel such gratitude for the man who allowed her very best friend and beloved to fall. Cora longed for petty, human comforts even though the divine promised joy beyond her wildest dreams. It was just kind of hard to believe it, especially since she was told that it would take time for these promises to come, especially since June's fate was still so fresh. June. That hotheaded, free-spirited, blond. June had been friends with Cora since their mortal lives and June had stuck beside Cora even after their passing. Tonight was the first night that June was no longer with Cora. All through all of their other days here in Heaven, June had stayed beside Cora, getting them both and out of trouble and back again. Her loyalty and love for Cora never faltered. She didn't deserve to be sent to Hell. She was a good person. But of course, Cora was now judging June from a human's perspective and everyone knew that humans saw life through a glass darkly. In Heaven, one had to judge with the eyes of God and his were far clearer and sharper than any mortal's. Because of that, Cora had to trust that her heavenly father had seen something within June that warranted the banishment because Cora knew that she certainly couldn't see it. But it was hard to trust God so strongly with something so deeply important to her. Cora had known June for years and God for months and even then, it wasn't God who had accompanied Cora through Heaven's hallowed halls. It was just hard to give something so integral to her life up, especially on such short notice. It didn't matter that her relationship with June hadn't always been healthy. Of course, God knew that. It was why he spared the other applicants, despite their association with rebellious June. In his divine understanding, compassion and wisdom, God chose to only cast June out when, technically, he should've thrown out the whole lot of them. But that thought didn't make Cora feel any better. Instead, it made her feel worse and lingering shadows of doubt, fear, and anger filled her broken heart. This internal conflict was literally tearing her in half. Cora didn't know, though, if her disbelief in God and his righteousness was simply proof of why she needed God or if it was proof that God was changing her already by giving her eyes to see the evil she was doing. Cora had heard it said, after all, that the damned sinner wasn't the one crying out for forgiveness and hearing silence, the damned sinner was the one who wasn't looking for forgiveness at all. Now who did that sound just like? And if the second theory was true that Cora's guilt was stemming from God imparting his own morality into her, that meant God had not given up on her and instead was trying to make her into a far better person than she could've ever become on her own. But Cora couldn't really be sure of any of her theories because God worked in mysterious ways and it was not her place to question the author, no matter how frustrating or scary it was to just surrender your whole life to this enigmatic deity. But this crisis of faith wasn't just between her and God. It was between her and herself. Yes, she was mad at God for sending June, her best friend, to Hell, but she was also mad at herself. She was mad at herself for two conflicting reasons. On the one hand, she blamed herself for not sticking up for June. On the other, she blamed herself for falling for June in the first place. June was clearly an unrepentant sinner and even though everyone knew it, Cora still allowed herself to get involved with the blond. Any emotional pain she suffered because of the blond was on her own head for starting a relationship with such a sinful being in the first place. At this point, Cora wasn't sure if she ought to hate herself or June. Or both. Instead, she continued to bury her wet face into her silky pillow to muffle her sobs as the tears of confusion and pain continued to drown her. She knew she should hate June, but she couldn't. She cared too much and, as horrid as it was, she didn't want to hate June. As bad as June might've been, Cora couldn't bring herself to disown the girl. It felt wrong, but then again, who ever cared what she felt? Emotions changed. God didn't. She ought to trust God first and disown June despite the pain it would bring her. But it wasn't easy. But that was no excuse. She should hate evil, thus, she should hate June. It was what God wanted! \"But why should I?\" she mumbled into her pillow. \"Is God's mere command enough for me to honestly try and hate June? She didn't even really hurt anyone! It wasn't like she had meant real harm!\" she asked herself. She was right, though. For all of June's verve and rebellion, she had never brought physical harm to any other living being. Instead, June had always considered herself a hero and a protector. It went against her nature to harm another people. This was hardly a sinful mindset. But here she was, now burning in Hell forever, never to be happy again and all because Cora was too cowardly to do more than watch her get dragged away while she was still screaming. But she deserved it, right? Because God said so and if God said so, it had to be true. Right? June deserved to suffer forever because she made God angry. It didn't matter what else she might have done in her life. She angered God even after he laid down the ground rules. It was her own fault for breaking those rules repeatedly. You could only forgive someone so many times before you just had to stop enabling them to continue their wicked ways. \"But why did God say so? Was June really bad, or was he just trying to test us and see if we'll stay loyal to him even after he kicked out one of our best friends?\" Cora asked herself. This idea scared her more than any other because it implied that neither she nor June were technically bad and neither of them deserved Hell, it was just that God was testing their loyalty to him. But that wasn't an unfair move because God, as creator, could make any call he wanted to. Besides, God had warned his followers that a life lived for him would be very hard. It was why his path was called straight and narrow, but he did promise that it would all be worth it in the end, and God kept his promises, right? Even if Cora couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel, surely there was one because God said there was. Surely this was just a minor setback in a major operation, right? \"I guess I just have to trust him,\" she sighed again, rolling over and feeling a gust of cool air. Her tears were still falling, but the sobs had stopped. Years later, Cora stood before an adoring crowd. She was now God's top songbird, second only to Publicist. Pride swelled in her heart as another great show for God came to a close. Publicist was delirious with joy, congratulating and hugging anybody in the vicinity and Cora could see, at the back of the chapel, God himself watching. He looked so happy that Cora finally, actually felt at peace. Her one job in life had been completed in this moment and it filled Cora like nothing else ever had. So often had Cora read scriptures that promised, at the end of the day, serving God would be all worth it. Cora was finally starting to believe that. Despite all the effort it took to arrive at this moment, Cora had overcome every trial and the work was finally paying off in the form of God's pleased expression and, as a being whose sole purpose was to please this creator, that smile was more than all the silver or gold in the world. Cora finally felt at peace like the Bible promised for those who stayed faithful to God through thick and thin. As for June? Ha! Who was June anymore anyway? She was just some phantom. A ghost from Cora's very distant past. But the brunette did not fear ghosts anymore. She didn't fear anything. Not when God was on her side. Cora couldn't help but feel like a fool admitting that she had ever once loved June at all. She had finally grown up! \"I'm glad June's not here anymore,\" Cora smirked to herself. \"I should've known she was a bad influence. I just regret it took me so long to see it and follow my true love,\" she sighed, peeking shyly at God. God noticed Cora's watching eyes and he smiled at her, bowing his head just slightly. It was a tiny gesture but it conveyed so much approval that Cora felt like she was going to explode. The past decades had been painful, especially when one took into account that Cora also had to get over the fall of June, but at last, she had done it. She was truly able to get rid of her sinful past and throw off everything that kept her from God's saving grace. After so very long, Cora finally felt distant enough to disown the girl who was once the apple of her eye. Now, June was no more than a memory and a silly one at that. Cora felt like a kid who had once been afraid to give up her blanket but was now laughing at the idea of ever needing a blanket at all. At once, the brunette remembered a sermon saying that God brought people into each other's lives because iron sharpened iron but, sometimes, the iron went bad and had to be disposed of. How else was the Christian faith to remain pure and timeless? There was no room for pussyfooters or scripture-changers amongst the ranks of the divine. God even had told his people in the Good Book that if they were to ever meet someone who tried to twist the word, they were to run away at once. June was that bad iron and Cora had failed to flee but God, in his mercy, did not cast Cora out. Instead, he let her come to terms with it and finally turn away from her worldly desires on her own time. Now, Cora's eyes were firmly fixed upon godly desires and the proof of her devotion was in the armband she wore. It signified her rank in Heaven and it signified how much Cora had sacrificed in order to please God and arrive here. Cora no longer loved June at all. Instead, she held her old friend in contempt and she prided herself upon that. Her hard work had finally paid off and June was no longer any object of Cora's desire. True, Cora's mental erasure of June and everything June once meant to her was harsh and almost evil, but it had to be done. In the name of God, who was love, this erasure had to happen. After all, true love wasn't tolerance, it was the willingness to speak the truth despite the pain. Love was the willingness to change somebody from their wicked ways to benefit them in the long run. That was another thing Cora finally came to terms with. Her idea of long term differed from God's and that was why she didn't originally get why June had been taken from her. But now she did understand and it all came the moment she accepted God and accepted that he was better than she would ever be. She taught herself to believe that God would always be right even if he seemed wrong and even if she was in doubt. It was like the story of Job. Job suffered Hell on Earth but never once faltered in his faith and God rewarded him beyond his wildest dreams for it. Cora aspired to be like Job because it was how one truly got to know God. If someone was willing to follow God no matter what anything or anyone else said, they would turn out ok in the end. Cora was proof of that! It was June's own fault if she didn't heed the warning signs and turn from her selfish ways. \"June had it coming,\" Cora told herself as she stripped down and headed to bed in her new, even more luxurious dorms. \"What?\" one of her backup singers asked, hearing her mumbled words. \"Nothing,\" Cora grinned sweetly in reply, waving off her partner's concern. \"I was just talking to myself,\" she said. The other girl gave her a small look before shrugging and turning away to her own bed. She, like Cora, had learned not to question the things that confused her. Instead, she would just rest and believe and that would be enough. There was no need to think or worry anymore. She bade Cora a goodnight and Cora returned the pleasantry. In the back of her mind, Cora could help but notice how very lovely her backup singer was, but there was not a trace of lust within Cora as she surveyed her backup singer. Instead, it was only a superficial admiration. Her true heart belonged to only one. This woman was just another soul that Cora had happened to meet on the path to God. In the end, he was the only thing that really mattered and Cora had finally come to understand and accept this. It was why she was doing so well here in Heaven. AN: This story was a mix of Cora's musings about and against God and an insight to her as she went from a level-headed applicant to another one of God's blind followers. If the ramblings seemed a bit confusing, they were just several of the points atheists often cite when arguing against Christianity. I, myself, had a crisis of faith when I was writing this and my thoughts were no clearer than what you see on the page. I haven't bothered to try and organize it for several reasons. One, I'm too lazy. Two, this isn't an argumentative essay about the evils of God. Three, I think it's more fitting this way. I have no doubt that the trauma of watching June being sent to Hell would've prevented Cora from thinking in an organized fashion for at least a little while. Overall, I hope this didn't feel too much like an angry atheist rant. This was just my way of coping with my own issues and it was to chronicle Cora's descent which was something I wish we could've seen in the film. ","Summary":" Cora Stein trembled under the sheets of her luxurious bed. Tears slid silently down her pale face. "},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Falling for a Bully","Author":"HeroesWearDresses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13001577","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'S-s-stop, it hurts!' - Magician screamed in desperation, knowing too well his pleas will be dismissed. He was knocked down on the ground, shaking hands covering his face, fearing for what awaits next. He tried his best to hold back tears, because he knew too well that if they notice it, the taunting will get worse. 'What's the matter, trick boy? Feeling defeated without your magic stick? - one of the Woe Maidens scoffed at him. Even though Wick was his best friend, it didn't stop her companions from ridiculing and bullying him. They always did that without Wick present obviously. And no matter how many times Wick warned them to leave Mags alone, they never seemed to listen. 'He's so pathetic!' - jeered the Fool, his biggest rival. He stated this remark so many times, it seemed like it was an ingrained fact. Carnies watching this spectacle roared in agreement, their stares lacking empathy. There weren't many pleasurable pastimes in hell, besides tormenting sinners, so the Magician became the easiest target, though he did nothing to deserve it. 'Maggy, would you like to get it back?' - Magician heard his voice, so melodious and at the same time hiding cruel intentions. He immediately blushed, as he felt him approaching and kneeling beside him. So close… he was… The main initiator of this whole madness… The person he must hate the most, yet… his heart belonged to him. Magician couldn't help but peek through his fingers to gaze at him. Those blue eyes… how he wished they'd look lovingly at him without revulsion, without striving to torture him and getting satisfaction out of it. Those lips… if only they'd speak affectionate words, words that expressed his genuine feelings of love. And how he wished he could kiss him… hold him… make love with him… Gosh, how unfair that is. At that moment, the Magician craved to be dead, even though he already was dead. If only he'd stopped existing… and never experience this pain again. 'Hey Mags, I asked you a question, would you like me to give you back your wand? - Scorpion asked with the grain of mischief in his voice. Magician knew he had to answer because if he didn't, things might get worse for him. He took a breath, trying his best not to give away that he's on the verge of crying. 'Y-y-yes, p-please.' - he muttered very softly. His body winced, sensing that he should prepare himself for what's about to happen. He felt the light stroke on his head. Scorpion was petting him with his own wand. Oddly, it felt good. 'Sssstop right now! - the male voice hissed loudly. It was unmistakably the Twin. He and the Wick came to rescue poor Mags. The Scorpion turned around to face them, displeased. 'You're no fun.' - he managed to say before Wick retrieved Magician's wand from his hand and snarled at him. 'Get lost!.' - then she angrily eyed the others. - 'All of you! Your perverse show is over!' She glared at her Woe Maidens who were starting to scatter from the scene, clearly disappointed. The Magician felt strong arms lifting him up and helping him to finally stand. He couldn't remember how he walked, but a few moments later he found himself in his own tent, sitting on his familiar cot, Twin sitting beside him and Wick sitting on the ground and holding Magician's hand reassuringly. Wick was saying something but Mags was still too overwhelmed, so it was hard for him to pay attention. Suddenly, Wick left. Magician couldn't hold it anymore, he broke down. Twin hugged him. Even though he was cold-blooded, the contact gave warmth. For the first time in forever the Magician felt safe. He cried and cried, while Twin held him, though the snake-man was devastated himself seeing Maggy so upset and his anger grew for everyone involved in his torment. 'P-please, can you stay? I a-am scared t-they'll be-be back. - managed to say the Magician. 'I'll sssstay - Twin gathered him closer. - 'I won't let anyone hurt you.' With that reassurance, the Magician slowly drifted to sleep in Twin's arms. He felt how the Twin placed a light kiss on his forehead. Somehow, for just a brief moment, the desire to die again was deaden. ","Summary":" 'S-s-stop, it hurts!' - Magician screamed in desperation, knowing too well his pleas will be dismis"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"For Luck","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Following their first day in Heaven, the applicants were a-buzz with excitement. They were supposed to be asleep by now, but they were all too busy chatting about their day and tossing around opinions to care about the curfew. On and on the chatter went until one of the girls, the redheaded one named Courtney, spoke up louder than the rest. \"Do you guys want to cast badges?\" she asked. \"Cast badges?\" Natalie, the tall blond, asked, looking to the shorter girl in confusion. \"Casting badges!\" Alexis, the short blond, echoed eagerly. She looked up at Natalie before explaining. \"It's a little game where you take your badge, your armband, and toss it up in the air and whichever way it lands tells your fortune!\" \"What?\" Amy, the dark-skinned girl, sounded incredulous as Alexis explained the rules of casting badges. \"It's just a silly little ritual! But Publicist told me about it!\" Alexis said. \"And you all know how old he is! He said that they were casting badges for luck when he was just an applicant like us!\" \"What? Back when Jesus still roamed the Earth?\" June joked and the others laughed. \"So shall we do it now?\" Amy asked eagerly once everybody understood what casting badges meant. \"Yeah!\" the others cried, busily removing their armbands and heading towards the heart of the dorm room. \"Who'll sing the prayer?\" Natalie asked, looking around the small group. \"I will,\" Cora offered. Together, with badges held tight, they shut their eyes and bowed their heads. \"All children of Heaven sing 'Alleluia', born of blood and cast of wing, alleluia! Alleluia, alleluia, always alleluia!\" Cora sang. Once the last note had dissipated into the air, every girl tossed her armband over her shoulder with her eyes still shut. Then, somebody began counting. Once she got to seven, everybody opened their eyes and turned around and checked their armbands. \"Ooh! I got a good one!\" Amy cried delightedly. \"Awww, I hope this doesn't mean I've gotta wash floors forever!\" said Alexis, frowning at hers. \"Well, I think I'll be right there with ya!\" Natalie joked. Cora looked at her own armband mutely, excitement surged through her body. Her badge had fallen face up with wings pointed away from her, a sign of wonderful fortune. (The rules were that the more of the wing you could see and the further away it faced from you, the luckier you were). \"What'd you get, June?\" Courtney asked, turning to the blond. June was staring blankly down at hers and had not made a single sound since agreeing with the others to perform this silly little ritual. Such a silence was unusual for the hotheaded blond and that was why Courtney asked. The moment she and the others saw June's armband, however, they understood why she was only staring at the piece of cloth and not even trying to pick it up. It had landed totally facedown. That was already a pretty unlucky position. But none of the girls could stand the suspense so, finally, Natalie bent over and picked it up. The wings were pointed inward at June. The ultimate bad luck. \"Oh, June…\" Cora's delight at her own good fortune vanished when she realized what was wrong with June. All the other girls made similar noises of sympathy as June could only stare at the piece of red cloth in Natalie's open palm. The tall blond handed the armband back to the smaller blond with an awkward and sympathetic smile. Her own armband hadn't exactly landed in the best position either, but it certainly hadn't been so unlucky as June's had been. But as the seconds rolled on, June began to shake her head. \"No,\" she said. \"It is all just foolishness. This is Heaven, after all, and nothing could go wrong here!\" she added, managing to cheer herself and everyone else up just a little bit. \"Let's try it again,\" Alexis suggested. \"Maybe this time was a dud!\" \"Good idea,\" said Amy. Then one by one, the other girls agreed. They reassembled into a circle, heads down and eyes shut again. This time, June sang the prayer. The results still came up exactly the same. \"Ok, that's just creepy,\" Natalie murmured, shivering slightly. \"Shall we cast badges for a third time?\" asked Courtney. \"For luck? Because three is a charm, you know?\" \"Let's give it a try,\" June sighed. The results still came up the same as the other two times. \"It's all just silliness,\" Cora tried to say, but they all found that hard to believe after three trials getting the exact same results every time. It didn't matter what aspect of the tradition they changed, the results were always the same. That sobering observation made it hard for any of the girls to try and look on the positive side of things. Instead, they all drifted off to bed without saying a word. By next morning, though, spirits rose considerably and the applicants were already dismissing their fortunes (and June's). \"Ha! As if I would get a good spot in Heaven,\" Amy joked. \"Well at least maybe I won't be cleaning floors forever,\" Alexis agreed. \"With my luck, I probably would get floor cleaning anyway!\" Natalie laughed. \"Yeah, and June, you'll probably end up the best of us all,\" Courtney encouraged, squeezing June's arm in a friendly way. \"Yeah,\" June grinned. \"All that fuss for foolish fantasy! It's faith and hard work that will win a spot in Heaven, not some silly rituals!\" she cried and the others nodded fervently in agreement, encouraged by June's nonchalance. Only Cora dared disagree, but she did not verbalize it. Instead, she only faked a smile. But the reason she wanted to disagree with the girls was because, last night, she had had a strange dream in which June had, twice, gotten into trouble to the point of exile. On the third round, she rose again from her troubles and Cora could, in the skyline of that dream, see fiery wings pointed outward. Not wanting to talk about it, Cora pretended to agree that the whole thing was just stupidity, but somehow she knew that what she was seeing was real. From what Cora had learned about casting badges, although most incidents were entirely unreliable and all done just for luck, it sounded like a rare few castings had given accurate predictions of one's future standing in Heaven. Cora had a feeling that this was one of those times. But her dream had shown June's wings faced outward and that usually was a good thing, so why did Cora feel like, in this case, outward facing wings was something almost bad? Turns out, Cora was totally correct. June could've even backed her up on it, but there was something that the blond was hiding from the others. After that third attempt at casting badges, although Junes wings still landed facing the ground, they were pointed outward instead of inward. It was a small change but June, for some reason, couldn't bring herself to admit to it. Instead, she called an end to the game right there and that was it. But if June had twice gotten inward-facing wings and then once outward and Cora had seen them both coming true in a dream, could that possibly mean that this particular casting of badges was to come true? There was no time to discuss, however, because the six applicants had a long day of training ahead of them and they couldn't afford to be distracted. Hours and hours later, the girls were in the same positions they had been in 24 hours ago. They were all lying in bed, trying to fall asleep. June was still awake, but that was because she was trying to tend to her armband. Earlier, she had noticed that it was fraying, threads coming loose. \"How?\" she muttered to herself, trying to be quiet for the sake of her sleeping roommates, but she couldn't disguise her amazement. These things were as new as the applicants that wore them, meaning that they were less than a week old, yet already, June's was suffering wear and tear. \"You're just as troublesome as I am!\" she finally said to her armband. She wasn't just referring to this early wear and tear, though. She was also referring to how, on her first day in Heaven, that armband had absolutely refused to stay on her arm. Instead, it kept sliding down her arm for the whole tour of Heaven. Then, of course, there was the whole \"bad luck\" thing with the casting of badges. Honestly, this scrap of cloth was starting to feel like more trouble than it was worth! \"Whatever! I'll deal with you later!\" the hotheaded girl decided, tossing the armband onto her nightstand. As she tossed it away, the golden wings caught a few moonbeams peeking in a nearby window. The light bounced off of the wings and created a broken, fractured pattern upon the wall opposite to June. But the design didn't last long because it slide just a few inches across the nightstand and out of the line of the moonbeams. As quick as it had come, the fractured pattern of gold vanished into the darkness. AN: I just wanted to write a fic with the other applicants in it (their character names are their actress' names) and I wanted to write them doing stupid schoolgirl stuff, like following ridiculous rituals that had pretty much become tradition despite being bogus. In addition, this was also just an excuse for me to write more foreshadowing. You know, June's armband falling off and tearing and creating a broken pattern? Everything to indicate that June was never meant for Heaven at all. (Side note, June's armband falling off is real. You can see it during the Ark and Emilie even remarks upon it in the commentary). Also, to recap the tradition, you throw your armband over your shoulder and based on which way it falls, your future is foretold. June's landed face down every time, indicating bad luck. But on the third go, June's wings were pointed out, indicating a slight change for the better. This was in reference to how, despite how much she suffered, she did ultimately end up getting the power she wanted because it sounds like Doll is one of the more powerful carnies of Hell. So yeah, more blatant symbolism. What can I say? Hope you enjoyed! ","Summary":" Following their first day in Heaven, the applicants were a-buzz with excitement. They were supposed"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"From Down Below","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882438","Passage":"[Chapter 1] God overlooked the empty pews with a sense of satisfaction. That show had been a smashing success and, from the screams of his adoring fans, the masses were settled once again. Lucifer's threat of war had been entirely erased from the minds of his loyal subjects and that was all that mattered to God right then. He would work on the Morningstar later. Keeping his people from losing their faith in him was a priority. It seemed, though, that he had succeeded in his goal. In fact, in his mind's eye, he could still see all of them calling his name and cheering wildly. Somehow, his trick worked and he was able to convince all of Heaven that, in actuality, he did have everything under control and there was nothing to- \"You're in the Devil's Carnival! Come one, come two, come all!\" God reared back in genuine terror. He knew that he didn't have this situation under control but to hear so many angry voices coming up from down below, especially so soon after he had worked so hard to calm everyone down again, was a disheartening blow. The ancient deity froze, still standing upon the Sacred Soundstage with his carbon microphone in front of him. This time, however, he didn't make a noise. Instead, he listened to Hell's wicked war cries. Although he was as still and silent as a statue, his heart and mind were both racing. So Agent had failed in his mission, Hell was coming, and he honestly had no idea what to do. A dull fury swept over God. Damn that Lucifer! If only he would just stay back in Hell where he belonged! Now, all of Heaven was going to start panicking again and God didn't have any time to waste on settling them. He had to put this idiocy to bed and since Agent had clearly failed, that meant God was on his own this time. Sure enough, just as God predicted, Hell's song filled all of Heaven and denizens who had once been laughing and singing just mere hours ago were now weeping and wailing in fear and repulsion. \"Oh! What's going on?! What's going on!?\" \"Are we about to die?\" \"It's the end of the world!\" \"Hell is coming!\" \"Get down on your knees and start praying!\" all the angels began to scream and run around in circles as Hell's song carried on over their cries of horror. A select few angels were more affected than others, though. Librarian was one of them. He had been lost in his work, censoring the ungodly works, when the lights began to flicker. With a scowl, he looked up to see who dared mess with the lights. There was nobody there. That was when he began to hear it. Singing from down below. He was normally a stern, stoic man, but hearing the Hellish song sent chills down his spine. His scowl deepened and he involuntarily gripped the wand he used to cleanse the stories tighter. He wasn't much of a fighter, but he would be ready for war when the invaders came. He spent the rest of the night entirely tensed up and even though he continued to work on cleaning up inappropriate stories, he kept on high alert for any trouble at all. Designer was in very much the same position. He had been busy alternating between preening himself and keeping watch on his working horses when the noise from down below emanated up to him. He tried to give off an air disgust and disdain before turning to tell his working horses to ignore it, but his mouth couldn't form the words. In truth, he was terrified. All around him, the working horses weren't faring much better. They were cowering and crying, hands over their ears and eyes as their mouths opened with silent cries of terror and worry. It was no use trying to calm them all down anyway since Designer's own voice had since left him. Instead, the group could only stand together and wait for the disruptions from down below to finally come to an end. Back on the fourth floor, just a few rooms away from where God was still stewing over Hell's latest development, was Publicist and his three Ladies of Virtue. They were all right in the middle of packing up their costumes and music when the song from down below began. Cora heard the song before it was audible, hairs on the back of her neck rising up for a reason that she could not explain. Right when she was about to dismiss it, though, that was when the singing began. The lights in the room flickered and turned a dark red and then Cora's jaw dropped. The longer Hell's song went on, the more voices Cora could pick out and, as untrained and unharmonious as Hell was, Cora was sure she recognized one of the singers in particular. It was June, and Cora could hear a promise for revenge in her voice. Every note June sang was steeped with wrath and hunger. Although Cora had not directly been responsible for June's fall, she knew full well some of those notes that June was singing were for her and the thought terrified her like nothing else. She turned desperately to her three comrades, hoping that one of them could offer some solace, but all of them looked equally afraid. Pearl and Virginia were clinging to Publicist whose eyes were comically wide. At last, Cora realized that the only thing she could do was wait for this horrible tune to end. She clutched her ears and tried to pray, but nothing drowned out the sounds from down below. Watchword had also been in the middle of something when Hell's war cries reached Heaven. He was writing all about God's performance and had been right in the middle of typing up the story when the singing began. In his surprise, his hand slipped and he ended up hitting the wrong keys of his typewriter. Normally, such a mistake would've angered him, but he was so surprised by the sudden interruption that all he could do was stare at the floor. Already, his mind was wondering how he could spin this story… Meanwhile, the Translators were walking through Heaven's halls, getting ready to warn people about the upcoming curfew. God's performance, as splendid as it had been, had run over a little bit, but that was no excuse. Anyone out past curfew would still be punished even though it would be God's fault for keeping them all late. The happy, psychotic couple continued on their self-given patrol when the first strains of a song wafted up from down below. It didn't take either beast of prey long to understand what was going on down there. Unlike anyone else who heard the song, however, they began to grin almost manically as they, in perfect synch, beat their hands with their nightsticks. They were ready for war. They hungered for it, a bloodlust within their eyes. The other denizens of Heaven were not as fearless as the Translators. They cowered where they stood, flinching and covering their ears as the music from down below rumbled up from the ground and spilled through the halls like a volcano of Hellfire. They didn't know what was happening, but they knew that Hell was on the move and the loudest singer of all was an old friend. An enemy hungry for blood now, but somebody who'd once been in Heaven with them and that was the scariest thought of all. All the people of Heaven cowered at the idea that they had a fallen angel who had once stood beside them but would now, with all the forces of Hell, becoming up at them from down below. AN: This is just me imagining everyone else's reaction to that scene in Hoof and Lap when the Doll's song reaches all the way up to God. We only ever got to see his face but I'm sure everyone else was in quite the panic, especially Cora. ","Summary":" God overlooked the empty pews with a sense of satisfaction. That show had been a smashing success a"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"My Captain","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sounds of Hell echoed all around, screaming and singing and laughter combined in a chaotic melody. Sinners continued to cry out in misery and torment while the carnies celebrated and drank heavily. Bringing down Heaven's best angel was something worth celebrating about and if there was anything the carnies were good at, it was partying. Already, a majority of them were smashed and behind the drunken gargling, singing and laughter could be heard. There was one carnie, however, who hadn't joined the after-party yet. That carnie was Painted Doll. She still stood alone in Hell's barn, her audience having since excused themselves back to the bar. But while they were out partying and drinking, she stood looking down at the limp form of her ex-lover, Agent. Heaven's top man, a figure who had long haunted her dreams, was now lying here before her, totally vulnerable and totally harmless. This handsome boogeyman of hers that she had ranted and railed against for decades was finally dead and it had been so simple and so short. One cup of poison. That was all. The cup was lying on its side in the dirt. Doll bent down to pick it up, considering it as she sat back down on Agent's lap, though he was no longer able to respond to it. \"There, there, my dear,\" she purred. It was the first time she'd spoken since her first day in Hell years and years ago. \"It is all over now. Your suffering and mine have both come to a close and I have had my revenge. You've won now, your trip to Hell is over!\" she added, brushing curious fingers all over his motionless body. It was quite like watching a child exploring a new toy. Her movements were no longer violent and aggressive. Instead, they were only curious. \"Ah yes! My old friend! I can hear it now!\" she exclaimed, a sense of theatrics returning to her as she hopped off of Agent's lap. Without even meaning to, she was singing and dancing again. She waved her arms at an invisible crowd. \"The shore is near, the bells I hear, the people all exulting!\" she twirled, still waving an arm to an imaginary crowd. She could hear the carnies bellowing happily in the distance, though, so even though the crowd she was address did not exist, she still pretended that it was they who were making all the noise and celebratory cheers. \"Ah! But now, look! Look!\" she exclaimed, pretending to swoon. \"Our brave and noble captain lies fallen, cold and dead!\" she gestured to Agent's slumped over figure. As she leaned in close to him, she could still smell the poison on his breath. \"O Captain! My Captain! Rise up and hear the bells! Rise up, for you the flag is flung, for you the bugle trills! For you bouquets and ribbon wreaths, for you the shores a-crowding! For you they call, the swaying mass, their eager faces turning!\" she sang, getting louder and more dramatic with every second as she pretended to plead with Agent to rise up and face Heaven and accept his reward as their conquering hero. Suddenly, a snarl settled upon the woman's broken face and she shoved Agent harder, though he went nowhere, already strapped down to a chair. But Doll didn't care about that. Instead, she laughed. The moment he had set foot in her domain, he had sealed his fate. She didn't even need to see him to know. But that had been the best part. Though looking into his eyes again after so long had hurt to some degree, seeing that foolish and almost childish hope was hysterical. Here this man was, Heaven's highest angel, and yet he still had the foolish hope that somehow, Doll would help him in his mission and then they'd both go home together, or he would get to leave and go free while she remained here. That was what his eyes had said. Doll knew from one look at him that he had not changed or matured at all. Instead, he was just as stupid and blindly devoted to God as ever. He honestly had thought Doll would help the negotiations. He had honestly thought she would help stop this war. Idiot! She wanted to start the war! What was he thinking?! Ha! He had learned the hard way how little Doll's heart was now. She didn't care for diplomacy anymore, she wanted violence and sin! And Agent was an idiot for thinking anything else of her. Seriously, had he just expected her to forgive him after saying sorry? This wasn't something one simple sorry could fix. This was decades of physical, mental and emotional pain cast upon her by him while he continued to live life in the lap of luxury. One simple apology wouldn't be enough. Hell, no amount of sorries would be enough. This was just something Doll could not forgive and it wasn't fair of Agent to demand that from her, no matter how genuinely remorseful he seemed. He didn't really understand the horrors she'd endured. No matter what he thought, he still knew so very little of the world and it was exactly what had gotten him killed. If it was a warm welcome home that Agent had expected, here it was! If it was golden songs and silver stars and praise from God himself that Agent had expected, he was sorely mistaken. He was never going to leave Hell alive. But hopefully, the mad cries of Hell would be good enough. Hopefully, the scarlet songs and bleeding stars would suffice. It wasn't like a liar as lowly as he was deserved better. This is your happy homecoming. How rude of you to miss out! \"Hear captain, dear lover, this voice inside your head!\" Doll sang again. \"Hear me after so long ignoring me and leaving me for dead!\" she danced around his corpse, the after-party echoing in the background. \"It is some dream that on the deck! That you've fallen cold and dead,\" she trilled. These were words she might have sung for him had they never broken up, but now she was twisting their meaning and instead of being mournful, they were happy. Doll was saying that Agent's corpse was a dream, a good one! \"My Captain does not answer, his lips are pale and still. My lover does not feel my hand, he has no pulse nor will,\" she smirked triumphantly and then she took a bow and finally left Agent's body to rot. She was headed to that after-party. Hours later, the after-party ended, but once again, Doll was left behind. While all the others had staggered drunkenly back into their tents, she still sat at the bar with a shot glass between her fingers. \"The ship is anchored safe and sound, its voyage closed and done,\" she hummed. \"From fearful trip, the victor ship, comes in with object won!\" she paused as she looked back to the barn where Agent's corpse still lay. \"Exult, O shores, and ring, O bells!\" she sang. \"As I, with joyful tread, walk the deck where my captain lies, fallen cold and dead!\" the woman finished her gleeful tune by downing the drink in her shot glass, hissing in pleasure as it burned a hot trail down her throat. Today had been a good day. AN: This was just Doll's reaction to her handiwork once everything was said and done and yes, I did get inspiration from the old poem \"O Captain, My Captain\" though obviously, this is sung with a far crueler intent. ","Summary":" The sounds of Hell echoed all around, screaming and singing and laughter combined in a chaotic melo"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Derby","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12958306","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Ready?\" June asked Cora eagerly. \"Ready!\" Cora replied with a small, shy smile. June's own grin grew as Cora said this and she offered Cora her arm with a regal flourish. Cora laughed at this playful mannerism from June and willingly took the extended arm with a dainty tilt of the head. Today was May 17, 1930, and it was time for the Kentucky Derby. Now, June and Cora had watched several other derbies before, but this was the first time they were attending in person and the excitement was indescribable! There was something about the smell of the track and the horses. There was something about the clear sky and the bright hats set against the green field and sienna track. There was something about the sound of chattering and nickering, money being placed into betting pools and all manner of food being consumed. There was just something about being here live and in person that made the derby all the more magical. The atmosphere was wonderful, a perfect balance of tension and excitement. Nothing would ever beat seeing a live race. On TV, it was small, contained and colorless. Here, in person, it was bright, warm and real, bursting with life and energy. Birds were chirping, people were singing and laughing, food was being eaten and sold. It was something you couldn't get on TV. In both girls' opinion, however, the best part of this, the 56th derby, was getting the chance to just go out and have fun together . To June and Cora, what made this derby exceptionally amazing was the fact that they were sharing this first-time experience. Getting to see the reactions of the other was just as much fun as seeing the race itself, in their minds. This was going to be a wonderful day, they could just feel it in their bones! \"Come on then, let's get some good seats,\" June urged, but she was being ironic. All the best seats were far too expensive for them to pay for and the seats that they could afford were mostly already filled up. Oh, there were still some good spots, but both she and Cora knew they wouldn't be anywhere fancy. Cora played along, however, and allowed June to escort her to their seats. But even after the two found their seats, it still took a moment of fidgeting to get in place. It was because of June's ridiculous derby hat. Even though large and garish hats were tradition, June's was crazy! Its brim was obnoxiously and impossibly long and wide so it bumped into everyone's head at least once and June had all manner of random knickknacks hanging off of its long brim. She had little bracelets and gems, pieces of paper and candy wrappers, pretty much anything she found around her apartment with Cora went onto that hat. Cora had chosen something a little smaller and far simpler, just decorating hers with flowers and a painting of the derby logo. In June's mind, as pretty as it was, it was kind of boring, but at least no one glared at Cora for her hat smacking into someone's face. After awhile, though, the two girls were finally seated properly. After taking their spots on the benches, they both exhaled in excitement. Although June and Cora were both planning on going into filming in the future, they shared a deep love and knowledge of horses. \"But these aren't idle fillies like on my uncle's farm!\" June declared excitedly. \"These are stallions!\" \"And who are we cheering for?\" Cora asked eagerly. \"Dick O'Hara,\" June replied. \"What? Why? I thought we were rooting for Broadway Limited together!\" Cora frowned, but then June gave her a sly look and it hit her. \"Ohhhh, yeah. That's right. I get it now. Real mature, June!\" the brunette made sure to roll her eyes as she spoke. \"What can I say?!\" June asked with a laugh. \"Besides, he's a big horse, and you know I like big d-\" \"You're supposed to be with me!\" Cora interrupted, pretending to whine. \"You also know that I swing both ways,\" June shrugged with a smirk, even cocking her head at one particularly muscled jockey. \"Lucky you,\" Cora snorted, not even bothering to look at the guy June was ogling this time. \"Don't be sore, you know I think you're the gnat's whistle!\" June reminded her friend and Cora couldn't help but smile at that. A moment later, the race began. The chatter died down as the countdown began. June and Cora leaned forward in their seats. As did every other 40,000 spectators. And then, they were off. 15 powerful young stallions took off out of the gate, hooves pounding like thunder against the track. The crowd cheered as the horses raced around the track, positions switching back and forth as hooves continued to kick dust sky-high. \"Come on, Dick, come on Dick, come on! Harder and faster, man, come on!\" June hollered. A few ladies sitting in front of her turned around with disgust upon their wrinkled faces, but neither June nor even Cora, for that matter, cared. \"Go BL! Go!\" Cora was almost standing. That was how you knew it was intense. If you were able to get Cora up and screaming, it was intense. All around her and June, other rowdy and hopeful spectators urged on their chosen horses as the race went on. When the derby ended, it was funny because the race had seemed too fast and too slow at the same time. On the one hand, everyone could hardly believe it was over when it ended, but at the same time, there was a collective sigh of relief as a winner was declared. It felt as though the reveal had been brewing for several hours instead of a mere two minutes. \"Ha! I won! I won! I won!\" June stood up and began cheering for herself. Now, she hadn't meant that Dick had won. On the contrary, he came in dead last. But when Dick made no move to advance in position, June jokingly challenged Cora to bet with her on the two horses who were actually in the lead. They were Gallant Fox and Gallant Knight. Cora chose Knight and June chose Fox, fitting choices for both girls. Ultimately, Fox won. (Broadway Limited had come in 9th). \"Oh, whatever!\" Cora pretended to frown, but she was far too thrilled to care. She and June hadn't bet anyway, and, technically, they lost. Their original horses came in 9th and last. So there was nothing lost on them, but already, Cora could see several men either throwing tantrums or sulking off because they had lost. The few men who had bet correctly, however, looked beside themselves with ecstasy. But after all the fanfare finally died down, the track got quieter, little by little. Then, finally, all of Churchill Downs was entirely empty. \"What do you want to do now?\" June asked Cora. \"Well, let's not go back to our hotel just yet,\" the brunette said. \"How about we just walk around the city a bit, eh?\" \"And then maybe we can grab some dinner!\" June agreed, catching on. \"Sounds like a date!\" \"Oh, so we're dating now?\" Cora teased. June paused, having not meant to have actually said that out loud. \"I guess,\" she grunted finally, blushing. \"Is the great June Freeman actually blushing!?\" Cora squealed teasingly. \"Never thought I'd live to see the day!\" \"Oh, shut it, Stein!\" June grumbled good-naturedly, then the pair left the track the same way they had come in: arm in arm with smiles as bright and wide as the sky itself. AN: I know Derby is long-over, but I got the inspiration to write this while watching 2018 Derby. I just didn't have time to write it out until now. Also, this is legit based on the 1930 Derby. You can check the wiki page. (Almost) everything should be historically accurate. Also, also, I remember when they said Justify won and all I could think was, \"TESTIFY!\" Also, also, also, you all know how they compare June and her friends to fillies. I like the idea that if the applicants were all fillies, they'd be these sweet, pretty little horses that loved to prance around and cart human loads while June would be that rebellious jerk of a horse that threw her riders for fun, rolled around in mud, ate everything in sight, and never did a single thing she was told. The other horses would be tame, but she would be that jerk-wad horse for sure, to the amusement and despair of the rest of her more well-behaved paddock and to any human owners trying to ride her. ","Summary":" \"Ready?\" June asked Cora eagerly. \"Ready!\" Cora replied with a small, shy smile. June's own gri"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Revenge","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882414","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Level 4, Birds of Song!\" the PA system chirped as the elevator doors opened. Scorpion grinned. He'd finally found the floor he was looking for! He knew he should be back on the prison floor with his fellow carnies, but he had important business to attend to. He was looking for an angel by the name of Cora Stein and he'd learned she was a four. He was looking for Cora because she'd helped betray his lover, Painted Doll. Years ago, Painted Doll had been called June Freeman and she and Cora were angels in training. Eventually, though, June's ambition got her sent to Hell and that was when she became Painted Doll. During June's exile to Hell, neither Agent nor Cora had done a thing to help out. When Scorpion heard this tale, his sympathy for Doll and desire for revenge against the two fiends who dared hurt her grew every single day and he vowed to avenge Doll. His goal was half over. Just a few days ago, Agent had been wiped out by Doll. The memory was like pure bliss in Scorpion's mind. Finally getting that lowlife suck-up to pay for his own sins and knock him from his lofty position had been fun. Seeing the fear creep into his perfect face and see the life leave his once-bright eyes was even better. Seeing Doll looking satisfied and sated was best of all. Now Scorpion was planning to finish it by finding Cora. He was getting closer to her, he could sense it… A few minutes later, Scorpion entered a music room in which Cora stood. She was busy sorting music. Scorpion slid in and hid behind a large piano. A few more minutes later, Cora finished her work and made to exit the room. Before she reached the door, but after passing the piano, Scorpion struck. As quick as the creature he was named for, Scorpion tackled Cora to the cold, hard floor and flipped her over so he was straddling her hips and leering down at her. She began to cry and fight, but it didn't last long because Scorpion held her mouth shut with one hand and pulled out his trademark knife with the other, holding it to her neck. \"You make a peep or move a muscle and I dissect you like a frog. Got it?\" he snarled. Cora went limp. \"Good girl,\" he released her mouth. \"Who are you? What do you want?\" Cora whimpered once her mouth was free, blue eyes wide with fear. \"I'm just somebody here for a bit of revenge, straight outta Hell,\" he purred, his trademark laidback persona returning. \"Why? I didn't do anything!\" Cora whimpered. For a moment, the devil inside Scorpion returned. Didn't do anything? She let his Doll suffer! \"You. Let. Her. Fall,\" he growled, enunciating every word as he pressed the knife back to Cora's neck. Cora's eyes widened. Now she understood. Scorpion fought the urge to roll his eyes. He'd met a lot of dumb women in his day, but Cora was one of the dumbest. Why Doll had befriended such an empty head was beyond his understanding. Oh, she was pretty, Scorpion wouldn't deny it, but jeez! \"Please, where is she?\" Cora gasped. \"Where's June Freeman? Let me speak with her, please!\" Scorpion smirked down at her, millions of witty comebacks in his head. You know where she is. And you want to speak with her? You don't even deserve to see her! Besides, she might not be as chatty as you expected. Ha! I bet you'd be too scared to look at her! Really, would you even recognize her? Or was she only a trophy-friend? It's not like she cares about you anyways! And I don't know June, but I know Doll. And she's MINE! But don't worry, you'll get your chance to see her because I'll be more than happy to send you there! In the end, all Scorpion could do was shake his head. \"What? Please! I just want to see what's become of her!\" Cora whimpered again. Scorpion lowered his head to Cora until their noses nearly touched. Then he shook his head again, just as slowly and taunting as before. \"I didn't want this to happen,\" Cora murmured in defeat. \"She should've been an angel,\" Scorpion withdrew his face from Cora's and a flash of pity crossed his face. For once, he agreed with her and he sensed real remorse radiating from her. \"But I didn't do anything. It's her fault for not listening!\" Cora added a moment later. In 11 words, she had totally changed her fate. Scorpion's pity evaporated in a flash and his hatred returned tenfold. Didn't do anything? How dare this girl admit that Doll deserved to be an angel and then say that it was her fault for winding up in Hell? \"You. Let. Her. Fall,\" Scorpion repeated, but somehow, the poison in his voice doubled. Cora knew she'd just screwed up royally. \"You! Let! Her! Fall!\" he snarled, still whisper-yelling. After that, he blacked out in a haze of fury and he began to stab Cora to make her pay. How dare she play the victim when she'd hurt Doll so badly? How dare she say she loved Doll but then go and blame Doll for her own pain? \"You had her! She trusted you! She loved you! And then you threw it away! You let this happen! You did this! You deserve to be hurt back!\" Scorpion had never lost control before. Cora's struggles and cries of pain grew weaker with every blow. Prick! Went the Scorpion's Tail. Finally, Scorpion came around. When he did, he inwardly cursed. He hadn't meant to lose control. Now he wouldn't be able to bring Cora to Doll because she was already half dead and she was bleeding too much. She'd leave a blood trail leading right to the war party and that wouldn't do. The blood covered her, him, the floor around them, and even some parts of the walls. Scorpion uttered a cuss as he realized just how violent he'd gotten. It really wasn't his usual style. He preferred slow and planned attacks but this was just mindless brutality. It just went to show how much he loved Doll, though. She was the only one who ever got him this riled up. Scorpion spat one last time before getting off Cora's mutilated body. As he stood over her bloody and mutilated figure, a demonic grin graced his face. She was ugly and beaten, but there was a beauty in it. From her hips up she'd been mutilated and lacerated with lines of blood crisscrossing everywhere. A large pool of red welled under her limp figure. It looked like she was lying in a pool of rubies and the blood that covered her skin looked like some of the makeup Scorpion had seen on his fellow carnies. Best of all though, Scorpion had gouged out her right eye and scarred her right face. Just like Doll. He leaned down to her again and saw tears still glittering in her one blue eye. \"Oh don't cry, Crybaby,\" he mocked coldly before rising again and returning to the elevator. So maybe Doll couldn't destroy Cora, but Scorpion had and for her, that was enough. \"This isn't over though, Cora,\" he vowed as the doors shut. He cleaned his knife until it went from ruby to silver. \"Trust me.\" AN: I like to view Scorpion as the boyfriend who knows Doll is a badass all her own and genuinely respects and admires her for it, but still loves to get back at anyone who hurts her. I mean, did you see how happy he was when Doll was tormenting Agent? I can only imagine how he'll behave when Cora gets her just desserts. In this story, I just wanted to write a fic where Scorpion meets Cora and a fic where Scorpion gets to avenge Doll because even though he did help restrain Agent, he didn't really do much else. Agent was mostly Doll's kill so, in this fic, Cora is mostly Scorpion's kill. But the last line refers to the fact that since they're already in Heaven/Hell, they can't die and Cora will be brought back to full health, meaning Scorpion can just bring her to Doll then. ","Summary":" \"Level 4, Birds of Song!\" the PA system chirped as the elevator doors opened. Scorpion grinned. H"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"The Chameleon in the Carnival","Author":"inquiete","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12884918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OK, a while ago I made a headcanon about a trans-woman being sent to Hell 'cause God is a Transphobic dick even though she did nothing to deserve being sent there. So, pissed at God 'cause...well obvious reasons, Lucifer says, \"fuck this!\" and makes her a Carny. The idea piqued my interest enough that I decided to write a fanfic about it. Now of course, I believe that the \"lgbtq are damned\" mentality is utter bullshit, so it was really important to me to emphasis that here. Hence the reason why Lucifer sits her down and explains that \"none of this is your fault-there is nothing wrong with you-God's the one who fucked up.\" So I hope that one one here misinterprets my intentions, I swear I wrote this with good intentions. Ok, now that that's cleared up... Disclaimer: I do not own any of this. TDC belongs to Terrance, Darren, and Saar and I would never want to take that from them. The only character that is mine is Caroline the Chameleon. Read... Review... Enjoy! The Chameleon in the Carnival \"Good is Evil and Heaven, Hell,\" -Holy Hell, Holy Water Caroline grunted as she felt the kicks and punches of the boys attacking her. She had just left the LGBTQ center and was going over to the soup kitchen she volunteered at when she noticed them following her out of the corner of her eye. The Burrow Boys: they were a local gang that liked to harass and bully the LGBTQ kids in town. Caroline cursed under her breathe, she should have taken Mr. Herbert's offer to drive her, but the soup kitchen wasn't far and she hated taking up so much of Mr. Herbert's time. He had already done so much for her already…Caroline grasped the pendent that hung around her neck. If he was to be believed then she wouldn't have to go back to the orphanage again soon… Caroline was born Alexander Flint Jackson III, only child of Alexander and Amanda Jackson business tycoons. Caroline's grandfather (Alexander Hunter Jackson) had been an entrepreneur and had started what would become a multi-million dollar business when he was 24-a business that Caroline's father had inherited. A business that Caroline was expected to inherit, but at age 13 she had told her parents that she had no interest in the family business and would much rather go into arts instead (fashion or interior decorating Caroline was still debating). Needless to say Caroline's parents were…disappointed. But things got worse when her family caught her cross-dressing a year later. When Caroline couldn't come up with a \"rational\" reason as to why she was wearing one of her mother's dresses, heels, and makeup. They sent her to an adoption home least their wealthy business friends realize what a fuckup their only son was and they are scandalized-but not before telling Caroline that she was going to burn in hell for her actions. That was close to three years ago and Caroline has lived at the orphanage ever since. An orphanage run by a married couple almost as homophobic as Caroline's parents. But fortunately, Mr. Herbert promised to adopt her, so soon she will be away from all of this. It was just a matter of paperwork… \"Hey, Alexander!\" one of the Barrow Boys shouted. \"Where you going, Jackson?\" Caroline gritted her teeth and kept walking refusing to give them the satisfaction. \"Aw, what's the matter, Jackson?\" Another asked. \"Don't got time for us, faggot? You too good for us or something?\" Don't engage, don't engage Caroline repeated the advice Mr. Herbert gave the teens. Just ignore them and they'll go away, if not get to a place you can get help or call the police. \"Hey Alexander, catch!\" A boy sent a piece of asphalt soaring through the air, hitting Caroline square in the back of the head causing her to fall to the ground, grasping her bleeding skull. \"Get 'im!\" They raced over to Caroline and started beating her with fists, legs, pipes, and switch blades. \"Stop! Stop!\" Caroline begged, covering her face and hands, but they ignored her. They ripped her dress off, tore off her stuffed bra, and kicked her in the groin. \"You think you're a lady? Ha! You're not a woman and you're not a man either-you're a freak.\" Soon their voices faded into an incoherent blur and around the sounds of thrashing Caroline heard a voice sing. \"Heaven's all around you when you haven't got a care.\" Caroline scrunched her nose in confusion. \"Is anyone there? Help me please, help me!\" \"…When the Morningstar/Burning from Afar/Enters into view/What am I to do…\" \"Hello?!\" \"And when the spirit turns/To the night adjourns/Bidding no ado (Bidding no ado)…\" \"Please…help…\" \"Heaven's all around you!\" The last thing Caroline heard before blacking out was this deep, warm laughter echoing through her head. When Caroline woke up she was laying on a dirt floor in what looked like a carnival's tent. \"What the…\" she began only to stop upon hearing her voice. That wasn't her voice-that voice was decidedly…feminine. And Caroline hadn't been able to afford the hormones yet…there was no way her voice could sound like that. Caroline looked up to notice that there were mirrors all around the tents walls. And what she saw gave her a start. There was a woman looking back at her in those mirrors, a beautiful woman with a long cascade of chestnut hair, full lips, and a voluptuous body. \"Oh…my…God…\" She gasped touching her face and body to check that the body she saw in the mirror was indeed her. \"Oh shit, I'm dead.\" The reality of it hit like a cold certainty through Caroline. This was not her body, she hadn't gone through the sex-change yet. They wouldn't have done it without her consent, while she was passed out, and after just getting beaten up. No, Caroline Flint Jackson, was dead. The Barrow Boys had beaten her…to death. Caroline sobbed, both simultaneously mourning her mortal life, and feeling joy over what she saw in the mirror. \"I knew I was a woman.\" She murmured. \"Thank you God…thank you.\" She stumbled out of the tent and made her way out into this strange land she found herself in. Soon Caroline found herself coming up to a ticket booth that stood in front of a gate. The man that stood behind the booth gave her a cursory glance, as if he had seen a hundred like her and would see a hundred more-as if they were all the same to him. \"Hello, ticket please?\" He requested in a considerate tone. \"Oh, right…\" She murmured looking in her dress pockets and found an envelope that contained a ticket in it. She handed it over. \"Outstanding…\" he started but before he could continue Caroline interrupted. \"Are you St. Peter?\" She asked. The Ticket-Keeper jerked in surprise, almost dropping the ticket in his shock. \" Excuse me ?\" He demanded. \"You know, St. Peter.\" Caroline repeated patiently. \"The one saint dude that stands in front of Heaven's gate with the Heavenly naughty or nice list…or whatever. Are you St. Peter, or are you another angel…or something.\" The Ticket-Keeper didn't answer just stared at her with his mouth hung open. He stood like that for so long that Caroline was starting to feel uncomfortable. \"You know what…never mind. I guess it doesn't matter. I was just wandering if I could have a word with your boss.\" \"My boss…\" The Ticket-Keeper said dumb-founded. He had an idea of where this was going, but he wanted to make sure. \"Mm hmm.\" Caroline nodded eagerly. \"Yeah I know it must be a bit unorthodox for a lowly soul like me getting to talk to the big G, but I just want to thank him in person.\" Caroline beamed up at the horrified Ticket-Keeper and hugged her middle. \"I always knew I was really a girl-that I had been put in the wrong body-and now everything's how it should be. I just want to thank him for giving me…this.\" Caroline dropped her arms and frowned. \"I also want to thank him for not giving up on me. Everyone kept telling me that God hated me because of what I am, told me that there was something wrong with me, told me that I was a freak, and going to Hell.\" Caroline shook the dark thoughts from her mind. \"But turns out they were wrong. I'm just the way God wants me to be, and He loves me just the way I am. And I want to thank Him for that-can I?\" Finally Caroline's excited babble tumbled to a stop, and she noticed the look on the Ticket-Keeper's face-which was a cross between scared and pitying. \"W-what's wrong?\" she asked, \"why are you so pale?\" \"What's your name, child?\" He asked. \"Caroline. Caroline Flint Jackson…birth name Alexander Flint Jackson III.\" She replied hesitantly. The Ticket-Keeper shook his head, consulting some paperwork. \"This isn't right-you shouldn't be here.\" Caroline's eyes widened-misunderstanding. \"WHAT!? Why?! What did I do wrong?\" Before he could answer she shouted, \"But I've been GOOD! I swear, I've never cursed, or hurt anyone, or-or even taken the Lord's name in vain or NOTHING! I-I-I try to be the best I can be…even to my parents. Please.\" Tears ran down Caroline's face. \"Please don't turn me away, if you guys can't accept me…than….than no one can…and…and…please! You'll see I'll be the best citizen in all of Heaven, do you guys have citizenships? Anyway it doesn't matter, I'll do whatever you guys want, just don't send me away…please.\" The Ticket-Keeper looked back towards the Carnival anxiously. \"This isn't good. You shouldn't be here. The boss isn't going to be happy about this.\" Hurt Caroline demanded, \"But why?!\" He turned those pitying eyes on her again, \"My child, do you know where you are?\" The question caused Caroline to pause. The truth was…she didn't-not really. When she woke up and saw her reflection she had assumed…and she really hadn't paid attention to her surroundings. She paid attention to them now. She looked around taking in every detail, than she slowly looked up at the gate. Above her head was a sign that looked almost like a devilish clown, she took the ticket out of the Ticket-Keeper's hand-he didn't stop her. \" The Devil's Carnival ?\" She read incredulously. \"Is this some sort of joke?\" \"Yes well,\" He looked slightly uncomfortable. \"I'm afraid you've had…quite a fall.\" Shock flowed through Caroline, followed quickly by rage. \"Yeah, no shit.\" She spat, tossing the ticket onto the floor. Ticket-Keeper sighed, \"Littering is against the rules.\" \"Fuck 'em.\" She snapped, crushing the ticket under her foot for emphasis. \"You're shitting me right? I'm in fucking Hell?! For what?\" He opened his mouth to reply, but she kept barreling on. \"It's for being Trans right? I can't fucking believe this! Of all fucking people my mother was right! So you mean to tell me 'cause God's some sort of homophobe I'm stuck down here with Satan !?\" The Ticket-Keeper flinched. \"We don't call him that down here. His name's Lucifer. He-\" \"Don't care.\" Caroline replied, backing away. \"I don't have to put up with this-this is bullshit. I'm getting out of here.\" The Ticket-Keeper shook his head. \"You can't-I'm sorry, but you can't leave-the elevator is only one way. But if you come with me-I can take you to see the boss-he can take care of you. He'll make sure you feel more at home, and…\" \"Fuck off!\" Caroline shouted, than she turned on her heel and ran away. The Ticket-Keeper sighed, and left to go get Lucifer. He'd calm her down-he always did. … The Ticket-Keeper entered Lucifer's chambers and made his way over to where Lucifer sat in front of his vanity mirror. \"Sire,\" the Ticket-Keeper said. \"We have a slight problem.\" Lucifer glanced up at his oldest friend and cocked an eyebrow expectantly. \"One of the new arrivals…she…well, I think you'll want to see this for yourself.\" … Caroline ran frantically through this Hellish Carnival, her feet landed with a harsh thud on the gravel path in front of her, and her breathe came out in panicked pants. That ticket guy wasn't joking, Caroline scored the entire area around the entrance and she found nothing; nothing but dead ends, abandoned Carnival props, and a broken elevator. With nowhere left to go Caroline gave a cry of fear and despair, and made her way inside the entrance to…The Devil's Carnival. Now Caroline made her way through the Hellion landscape around her ignoring the calls and jeers of the Carnies around her. They beckoned her to join them, laughed at her obvious sign of distress, and whispered empty promises to her. \"Come stay a spell,\" One Carny with snake's skin coaxed. \"Let me offer you a drink-let me take off a few ends.\" \"Hey, babe.\" A knife-thrower with a scorpion's tattoo called. \"You lost? I can give you directions…trust me.\" \"NO!\" Caroline shouted desperately, \"Just leave me alone Hell-Spawn!\" Which caused another round of riotous laughter from the Carnies. Caroline kept running until her legs finally gave out, and she collapsed onto the floor in front of a wooden structure. The Carnies started to move towards her in anticipation, until the door opened and two figures stepped out-then they scattered-hanging back. Caroline glanced up to see the elder gentleman from earlier come out along with…Caroline's mind frizzed out-refusing to acknowledge what she saw. He was tall, with skin as red as fresh blood and horns raised defiantly towards the sky. As he approached he watched her thoughtfully-a mix of curiosity and sympathy in his eyes. Caroline screamed, \"NO! No, you stay the Hell away from me!\" She started to drag herself backwards on her hands and knees trying to escape. Lucifer opened his mouth to speak, but she shouted over him. \"Satan! Villain! Deceiver! You stay the Hell away from me you-you monster!\" Lucifer sighed, \"Let's leave off the name calling for right now, alright? I'm not going to hurt you, no one is going to hurt you.\" He added, giving his Carnies a hard look. They shifted their weight nervously, trying to hide their disappointment at this news. \"Now if you'll just relax a moment we can talk…\" \"Fuck off!\" Caroline instructed, standing up to run. Lucifer nodded at the Twin and he stepped out to block Caroline's exit before she could flee again. \"Gah! Let me go you-you freak!\" Caroline demanded trying to wrestle out of his arms. The Twin made no show that her words affected him-just turned her around so she was facing the boss. \"Stay away from me you-you-you…\" \"Yes, you already said all that already.\" Lucifer snapped, impatience creeping into his voice. \"Can we skip this part? I've already told you I'm not going to hurt you.\" Caroline laughed bitterly. \"HA! As if I'd believe anything you say. I know all about you, you know? They told us about you in church.\" Lucifer rolled his eyes, but before he could speak Caroline kept going. \"You're a liar, and a monster. You rebelled against God! And now you take pleasure in perverting his most favorite creation-humans-and tempting them to sin. And then you punish them for it-just to get back at God-because you were jealous that He loved man more than-\" \"Enough!\" Lucifer snapped, causing the Carnies to flinch. \"Enough! I don't want to hear HIS propaganda. I do not make anyone do anything! I only offer choices, Caroline, choices. And I deal with the guilty-I punish the guilty.\" Lucifer blew air out through his nose-trying to calm down. \"And that's what I want to offer you, my dear, a choice.\" Caroline froze in shock, \"Me? A choice? What are you talking about?\" A smirk tugged at the corner of Lucifer's lips. \"Oh, now you want to hear what I have to say?\" Lucifer chuckled softly, \"You shouldn't be here Caroline. Like I said, I only deal with the guilty, and save for a few…minor…transgressions-you are not guilty. You've certainly never done anything to deserve to be my guest. You don't belong here.\" Caroline groaned in frustration. \"Then fine, kick me out, make me leave. Send me to Heaven, or back to Earth…or whatever.\" Lucifer clicked his tongue in annoyance. \"Can't. The elevator only goes one way-so I can't send you to Heaven. And Earth well…\" Lucifer scoffed. \"I'm afraid resurrection isn't my specialty.\" Caroline pierced her lips in frustration. \"Then what choice are you talking about?\" Now Lucifer did smirk, \"Work for me.\" Caroline's jaw dropped, \"You're fucking joking, right?\" He shook his head, \"Deadly serious.\" Caroline laughed, \"Okay, what's the catch? Are there hidden cameras around? You honestly expect me to work for you…the Author of All Evil? Seriously?\" Lucifer sighed, \"OK, you're hesitant. I get that. But keep this in mind: I'm not the one that sent you here, you've got the Almighty Tyrant to thank for that.\" \"Well…I'm sure He had a good reason…\" Lucifer threw his head back and laughed…and laughed…and laughed…and... \"Good reason? Yeah sure , you want to know what that reason is? To protect His precious image.\" \"What?\" Caroline shook her head. \"It's because I'm Trans isn't it?\" She repeated. \"My parents…and the caretakers at the orphanage…they warned me. Said that what I was…wasn't natural-that by insisting that I'm a girl I'm going against God's will…God's design. That I…\" The look of pity returned to Lucifer's eyes. \"Caroline…\" He sighed walking a few feet closer before sitting down on the steps outside of his chambers. \"Twin let her go,\" he instructed in a tired voice. \"She won't go anywhere…not now.\" Hesitantly the Twin did as he was ask, Caroline didn't flee. Lucifer folded his hands together into a pyramid. \"Caroline…there is nothing wrong with you…do you understand me? There is nothing wrong with you. Your parents, and all the cowards like them, they were wrong. You are exactly as you were meant to be. Why do you think you look like this?\" Lucifer asked, motioning towards her image. \"You have no physical body-the shell you left behind is decomposing on Earth. You look like a woman down here because your soul-your essence-is that of a woman. You are a woman.\" Caroline slowly sank to her knees across from Lucifer. It was either that or fall on her ass as her knees had gone out in shock. Lucifer sighed, and messaged the bridge of his nose. \"Dammit! The things the wretched bastard does to soothe His own ego.\" When he saw the confused look on Caroline's face he explained. \"God makes a business out of making people think that He is infallible-that He never makes a mistake. That everything that happens is…\" Lucifer's lips curled into a sneer, \"…part of His plan .\" Lucifer made a noise of disgust. \"That is utter bullshit! No one is infallible, especially not Him. \"You are a perfect example of this. He made a mistake, He screwed up. There's nothing wrong with you ; He just screwed you over.\" Lucifer pointed at Caroline. \"You are a woman. Your soul is that of a woman. However, when making the mold for your physical body He screwed up and made a male shell. Realizing this too late to fix anything He just left you, washed His hands clean of you, and abandoned you to live your life. Now that you're dead He sent you down here.\" Lucifer shook his head, \"not because you belong here, not because you did anything to deserve being sent here, but because He can't afford to have you be seen in Heaven.\" Caroline pulled her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. \"Why? Why can't I be seen? What would be so wrong with that?\" Lucifer shot her an amused look. \"To me? I think letting them see you would be a great idea. But to God? It wouldn't go well for the wool He's trying to pull over His...supplicants…eyes. You, my dear, are proof that God can make mistakes that not everything is part of some grand scheme, that He's fallible, and that He's not in control of every situation like they think. And the second they realize that…\" A glim that Caroline couldn't quite identify shone in Lucifer's eyes. \"…They'll start questioning Him, doubting Him. And maybe…just maybe…they'll even reject Him.\" He sighed in content at the thought and, tipping his head up to include the Ticket-Keeper, asked, \"Hell, wouldn't that be great?\" The Carnies laughed in agreement and the Ticket-Keeper said, \"It would certainly be a refreshing improvement.\" \"Quite.\" Lucifer agreed standing up, \"which brings us back to you, Caroline. As much as I would love to send you upstairs to flaunt God's mistakes in His face that's not an option…right now.\" The Ticket-Keeper shot him a confused glance at the wording, but didn't interrupt. \"So which do you choose? To become a member of the Carnival, or to remain one of our…honored guests. Though know if you choose the later you'll receive the same treatment as any other guest-as there are no favorites in Hell.\" Caroline paused, thinking. \"And just to be clear you don't think I'm a freak right? Even though I was put in the wrong…shell or whatever you don't think I'm disgusting? Do You?\" Lucifer shook his head. Caroline smiled, \"then I would be honored join your 'merry bunch of misfits'\" She said, using the term her grandmother used to describe the carny clowns she took Caroline to see when she was ten. \"Excellent!\" Lucifer clapped his hands together in approval. \"I'm glad to hear it. Now we just need a Carny name for you, something that reflects you.\" Caroline pondered this, \"Well my friends at school used to call me Chameleon 'cause I could adapt and blend with my surroundings.\" \"I like it: Caroline the Chameleon.\" Lucifer offered the little chameleon his hand. \"Welcome to my Carnival, Chameleon.\" A thought popped into the Chameleon's head, and after giving Lucifer a saucy smile she took it. When he pulled her up she stepped into him and with no hesitation or fear of repercussions-she kissed the Dark Lord on the mouth-biting down enough to draw blood before stepping back. Lucifer laughed and wiped the blood from his mouth. He gave her a lust-fueled once-over before spinning her around and with the flare of a true showman presented her to the rest of the Carnival. The Carnies cheered and applaud at the induction of their newest sister-in-arms, and as the Chameleon soaked up the praise of her new family Lucifer murmured into her ear, \"Welcome home, Caroline.\" And for the first time she truly felt like she was, indeed, home. Quick side note: Before anyone points out in the reviews that he sent John back in TDC and a bunch-load back in Alleluia! so why can't he send Caroline back. I would like to quick explain a theory I have. See I think that he couldn't send souls back to Heaven until a sinner found redemption, or at least let go of their guilt, IN Hell. I mean, think about it, if Lucifer had the ability to send souls to Heaven whenever he wanted, and he knew it would piss God off why didn't he do it sooner. And why would God leave him with the ability to do so? Isn't He supposed to be omnipotent and all-powerful and all that jazz? So I think that Lucifer couldn't send souls back until one gave him an opening (i.e. finding redemption in his realm after it was \"supposedly\" to late.) And that soul happened to be John. So that's my reason for why both he and the Ticket-Keeper kept insisting that they couldn't send her to Heaven. Agree with it or disagree with it, it's up to you. :) ","Summary":" OK, a while ago I made a headcanon about a trans-woman being sent to Hell 'cause God is a Transphob"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Rock","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882435","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Strong, dependable, enduring, supportive, and steadfast. Those were the words Cora would use to describe rocks. Why was she describing rocks? Well, it was because of what June said to her earlier that day… \"Oh Cora!\" she sighed dramatically. \"You've been such a loyal, devoted, constant companion of mine! I simply can't thank you enough!\" \"Well that's no reason not to try,\" Cora replied teasingly and June laughed in reply. \"Certainly not, my knight in shining armor, my love and my life!\" June kept up the praises and honors. \"Oh don't be so dramatic,\" Cora was sure she was blushing. \"I swear that you're absolutely incorrigible!\" \"But it's true!\" June protested. \"You're my rock!\" \"Your rock?\" Cora snorted in reply. It was kind of an anticlimactic compliment after all of the other ones June gave her. \"Yes!\" June responded, overlooking Cora's dismissive response. \"You're my strong, supportive, and protective foundation. You're my whole world!\" she threw her arms open happily and Cora found herself even more in love with the blond after that moment. Initially, Cora didn't believe herself worthy of such a compliment, but as time passed, she realized it was true. She was June's rock. She was June's shoulder to cry on, her friend to tell secrets to, her savior if she ever got in trouble, and her calm advisor if she was stressed or in need of advise. Cora really was June's rock! From that day forward, Cora took this job very seriously. She continued to aid her friend at every beck and call, maintaining that steadfast and unshaking loyalty the blond had complimented her for having. Even after they died and went to Heaven together, Cora stayed as June's best friend and enduring rock. Unfortunately, it was about that time in her life that Cora began to learn what else a rock was and some of those things weren't all that pleasant. Not long after joining Heaven, June began an affair with God's top man: Agent. Agent was far from a bad person, but he had won June's heart and it was enough to render him poorly in Cora's eyes. \"He's using you!\" Cora warned one night as June slid back into the applicant dorm, starry eyed and giggly. \"Oh don't be such a wet blanket, Stein!\" June replied, spinning Cora about and completely missing the hurt in her blue eyes. \"You should be happy for me!\" she added, trying to guilt-trip her friend. It worked and Cora, as hard as it was to say it, agreed. \"You're right. I am. I guess I just…\" but she couldn't go on. Not that it mattered though, because the moment June got Cora to say what she wanted, her delight doubled and she skipped off again without bothering to wait for Cora. It was then that Cora learned that rocks, no matter how constant, were never respected. You would never bow or listen to a rock, right? No. And Cora was the same. Always ignored, never respected. But this wasn't the only lesson Cora received in what being someone's rock might truly entail. \"I can't,\" Cora muttered after June begged her to go on another mad adventure. \"Why not?\" June pouted playfully. \"I need you in case you have to come rescue me!\" she joked. But Cora just shook her head. Finally, June seemed to somber up. \"Well, I guess I'll go by myself then,\" she muttered, turning from Cora and walking off without ever looking back. \"Wait!\" Cora called before June rounded a corner. When June turned to Cora, a huge, knowing grin was on her face. \"What can I do?\" she asked. \"I'm so glad you asked,\" June replied with a conspiratorial grin on her face. The pair didn't get in the least bit of trouble in their adventures, but later on, Cora couldn't help but be mad at June anyways. Who was she to treat Cora like a mere servant and not an equal? She was always pushing Cora around and never asking Cora what she wanted to do! It was only ever about June's whims and desires! Then again, that's what rocks were for. They were always being walked upon or used by somebody else for their own personal gain. Rocks were the foundation, not the castle nor the nobility that lived inside. Rocks never had their own demands met because they were too busy meeting the demands of others. They were always inferior. Another argument based around Agent cropped up again following these events. \"You're jealous!\" June said gleefully. Cora was far too proud to reply, but neither of them needed words to know that Cora was indeed jealous. \"Oh, you'll be fine!\" June said dismissively as Cora remained silent. Then, for the millionth time, Cora was forced to watch as June sauntered away from her and back to Agent. Lesson three, a rock didn't have feelings or a voice. Or if it did, nobody cared. Cora's next lesson about rocks came on the night June was expelled from Heaven. June and Cora had gotten into another fight followed by Cora getting lectured by Watchword. Following that, she stormed back to the dorm, yanked on her nightclothes, and launched herself under the covers so nobody would see her cry. In short, it had been a rough evening. But Cora had only been asleep a few hours before a siren went off. \"The library!\" the brunette screamed once she realized where the noise was coming from. She knew it was the library because June's bed was totally empty and the girl had expressed, for far too long and with far too much verve, how badly she wanted to read a banned book. That was all it took before she was flying down the halls, hardly aware of the confused girls who'd stumbled after her out of fear. Together as one, Cora and the applicants, female and male both, ran through Heaven's halls and up to the library. What Cora saw there was her worst fear realized. June was getting beaten by the cops and she was about to be cast down to Hell and far away from Cora, forever. All the while, Cora had to watch. It was horrible, especially when she caught a glance of June's face as the cops dragged her off. The whole right half of her face was bloody and her left eye darted madly with fear before meeting Cora's eyes. Cora had been too scared to do anything even though June was silently begging for help. Yes, Cora remembered a lot about that night, even far into the future after event was long over. But she never remembered moving. No. Only watching. Just watching as her best friend was dragged to Hell. Why? Because rocks were immobile. For all their strength, a rock didn't move. They couldn't save a person from falling. They would only make it worse. Another lesson learned came a bit later following June's… expulsion. As the girl had come to expect, it was another harsh one. This time, it occurred to her while she was, yet again, crying out for June under the safety of her bed covers. Cora could practically feel herself falling apart because she hadn't just lost June that night. She had lost herself. She always fancied herself as a protector and a good-doer, but what decent person let someone they love get thrown to Hell without so much as a word? So Cora continued to wallow in self-loathing, feeling her mental health deteriorating like a rock being weathered away by time. That was the lesson. Even the strongest and largest of rocks could be worn down. But the worst lesson Cora ever learned about rocks came to her years after all of this had happened. In addition, unlike the other lessons, this one kind of crept up on her. It didn't strike her, she just kind of realized it. And what was that lesson? Well, it came in the form of a phrase. \"Stone hearted,\" she whispered. \"That's what they used to say about people who could withstand the suffering of others without pity, right?\" yes, it was. Stone-hearted. A person whose heart was unmoved by the pain of others. This certainly described Cora. She no longer mourned June. She no longer felt anything for the girl she used to love so ardently. Heck, Cora hardly felt anything anymore. That was when an old saying from life returned to her. She had become stone-hearted. \"I am still June's rock,\" she told herself. \"Well, maybe not,\" she amended later. \"But I am a rock through and through,\" she reaffirmed. \"And, like a rock, I can't feel nothing at all.\" AN: This was just to show Cora's character descent and characterization through metaphors and I wanted to throw that last line in there so badly that I just had to write out the entire story. So this was more of a chronicling as opposed to one set story. And yes, I know some events are out of order but, in my stories, June was in Heaven for several months before falling, not just one day like in the film. ","Summary":" Strong, dependable, enduring, supportive, and steadfast. Those were the words Cora would use to des"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Batez and Bentz","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Batez and Bentz were comrades, allies, friends and even lovers, but more importantly, they were inseparable. Or so they thought. One fateful night, God called them in and sent them to Hell. They were going in order to make the first move on and Hell and teach the Morningstar just what he was dealing with. It wasn't going to be a large attack, it was just going to something short and sweet to get the point across that God would not tolerate these rumors of rebellion anymore. It was no accident, after all, that he was sending in his most vicious angels. On the contrary, the moment he called them up and sent them off, their eyes began to glitter with a new and malicious light. It was enough to scare anyone with half a brain, except God of course. He feared nothing. So the Translators after receiving their next mission, bowed lowly to their lord and savior and them scampered out of his presence in order to get their mission underway. \"This place could certainly use a patching job!\" Batez muttered the moment she and Bentz had touched down into Hell. \"The croakers don't have the same class Heaven does,\" Bentz agreed, lip curling in disgust as he looked around at desolate landscape. \"Now come on, we got translations to perform, ya heard it?\" he asked. \"I heard it!\" Batez singsonged back, then they strutted forward with an arrogance only they could possess, especially down here. Without another look back at Heaven's elevator, the power couple raised their nightsticks high and announced their presences, speaking on behalf of God and threatening any carnie who didn't cease this talk of war at once. The Translators left happily on their mission, but did not return that way. The battle began well enough, both Batez and Bentz showing an extreme affinity for combat, but finally the couple found themselves cornered and outnumbered. For all of their brutality and skill, there were just too many carnies to stave off forever. \"To the elevator!\" Batez commanded over the bloody throng of carnies. Bentz heard her command and, on a reflex, began sprinting back the way he and his wife had come. She followed closely behind with all of Hell nipping at their heels. Then something went wrong. Somehow, one of the carnies managed to snag Batez's leg and drag her back. \"AAARGHHH!\" she hollered in surprise, pain and terror. Bentz heard her and he made a similar sound as he watched her being dragged away. \"Batez!\" he shouted. He jumped forward with his nightstick out again, ready to defend his wife to the last, but Batez waved him off. \"Go!\" she pleaded. \"Tell God! Send help!\" she added. It went against everything in Bentz to leave his comrade and other half in such a life-threatening situation but he understood that if he tried to go and save her now, he would fail and they would both die. His escape back up to Heaven was the best bet they had, no matter how much it hurt for him to turn away as the carnies closed in on Batez, snarling and screeching hungrily. Three days later, however, absolutely no progress had been made in sending a rescue party. Bentz paced their shared office. It felt too big and too small at the same time. Without Batez at his side, he was starting to go crazy, well, crazier than normal. But seriously, she really had been his other half. She was part of the machinery that kept him ticking. Trying to function without her was physically impossible and it was like trying to ask a car to drive with only two wheels. Maybe it would be able to limp along a little, but that certainly wasn't the way a car was meant to drive. \"Come on, God, please!\" Bentz pleaded softly to the cross mounted upon his office wall. \"Please do something! Save her! You can't keep me waiting for much longer! Surely she's running out of time, and you promised!\" he added. He was referring to a conversation that had occurred between them after Bentz came bursting in on his king and father, covered in blood, sweat and tears. \"Your majesty! Your majesty! Your majesty!\" he sobbed as he slammed the doors to God's office open. \"What is the meaning of this!?\" the master of the universe jumped up, seething at this man's audacity, but for once, Bentz was too scared to remember protocol. He ran right up to God, still crying, despite God looking even more terrifying than all the carnies combined. \"Please, sir! It's Batez, sir! She's been captured, sir! You've got to help me save her, sir! She's my wife, sir!\" the broken six pleaded, falling to his knees and clutching desperately at God's robes. God hissed in disgust and came really close to kicking that groveling man away from his freshly-pressed robes when a realization and then an idea struck him all at once. Even though Bentz was returning to him now with the utmost disgrace upon his head, the raw desperation in his voice indicted that, as of right then, he would do anything God asked if only God promised to send help for Batez eventually. God always liked people who were in such desperate situations because they were the easiest to control. It was this realization that triggered an idea in God's mind. He made a promise, then, to send a rescue party for Batez and, in return, Bentz would parade through Heaven right then and declare that he and Batez had subdued Hell's threats. If anyone asked why Batez was not with him, he would lie and say she was actually being stationed down in Hell for a time to make sure the carnies didn't try any funny business. It was a lie plainer than the nose on anyone's face and even Bentz recoiled at the idea of telling it, but when he heard what God was willing to offer in return, he agreed in a heartbeat. \"You'll do it?!\" he cried hopefully once God promised to send help for Batez. God nodded solemnly. \"Oh! Thank you sir!\" the surviving Translator began to shake and giggle like a madman. He continued to thank the lord and kiss his fingers until God got creeped out enough to shove him away. Bentz took the gesture well enough and cavorted out of God's office, already singing songs of triumph as he spat blatant lies right into Heaven's face. For the most part, it worked, and Heaven did not question why Batez was no longer among their ranks. Even Bentz was genuinely happy, eagerly awaiting new for when God was going to launch this rescue party and save his wife. But after three days had passed with no progress being made to help Batez, Bentz's fears and doubts returned. Now he stood in the office he once shared with his wife, having just returned from another petition to God. Once again, God promised to help, but in due time. \"You cannot rush the lord,\" God reminded his beast of prey. \"He works in mysterious ways and will do things as he sees fit!\" \"Yes sir,\" Bentz replied obediently, but it was clear that he wasn't exactly happy with this setup. All the same, with no other choice, the man had taken leave of God again and returned to his office. \"Come on, God, please!\" Bentz pleaded again. \"You promised!\" but little did he know that God had no intention of ever mounting a rescue. The way he saw it, losing Batez was an affordable loss. It would prove to Hell that God was willing to lose his top men in this and, given the way the chess pieces were sitting right now, it would give them a false sense of confidence. Then, back up here, with Bentz totally broken over losing his wife, God knew he had just made the one surviving Translator even more dangerous than before but, at the same time, since the man was willing to lie to Heaven about the outcome of the battle, Heaven itself would stay invigorated and hopeful. Everyone won. Except Batez and Bentz. By this time, Bentz was sure that something awful had happened to his wife and the thought left him in tears, but if anything, Batez was doing just fine. Oh, she was a prisoner of war alright, kept under a very tight watch, but she was still alive and well. \"Come on, Bentz!\" she pleaded through the iron bars of her cage. \"Come find me!\" but Bentz would be unable to answer her call for awhile more. AN: This is an AU where the Translators go to Hell instead of Agent. I wrote this just because I need more Batez and Bentz in my life and this does put a darker and more serious look at them and their relationship and it shows just how conniving God really is. He sent Batez to Hell knowing she wouldn't return and that would be beneficial to him for several reasons. He's a sick monster, isn't he? And of course, we get to see the deliciously painful \"Person A worries about Person B\" because, as one of my favorite ships, the Translators WILL go through that, though I don't know how in-character it could possibly be. But here you go either way. ","Summary":" Batez and Bentz were comrades, allies, friends and even lovers, but more importantly, they were ins"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"In All My Dreams I Drown","Author":"the-nerdiest-witch-bitch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13007141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note~ Hello lovelies,I got this idea from a comment on youtube and then changed the idea around some to reflect what Tamara life might be like in the Carnival...Enjoy Tamara had sighed as another condemned soul came to her,her role within this damned carnival was to punish people who took advantage of the naive souls like her. It always played out the same way,she would lie in wait pretending to be hurt or lost. Sometimes the Scorpion was apart of the act hurting her until the soul fell upon her. To redeem themselves all they had to do was help her,but those souls were condemned for good reason as they took advantage. She played along and let them use her for their gains,be it lust,sadism or greed and then of course she took her revenge. They would fall,back as the knife twisted in them,or the ropes bound them...her siren charms working as always as she lured these souls to eternal damnation. At first it pleased her to take revenge on those that hurt her and so many others,but she grew weary and tired. She sang her song and fell into bed with the next soul,the soul she fell into bed with every night as she pleaded \"please,don't make me go to sleep,In all my dreams I drown\",The Devil himself was the one soul she allowed herself to love every night... ","Summary":" Authors Note~ Hello lovelies,I got this idea from a comment on youtube and then changed the idea ar"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Graduation","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12958310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Can you believe it? We made it! We actually made it!\" Cora murmured to June as they straightened each other's caps, gowns, stoles, medals, tassels, cords and pins. That was right. Today, they and all their classmates were graduating high school. On this June 3, 1928, after 12 long years, they had done it and now, they were free! \"Honestly, yes,\" June chuckled. \"I'm sure the principal wanted me out at least 30 times before this moment. She'll be glad now.\" \"Expulsion doesn't count, June,\" Cora pretended to patronize her classmate. \"But you are right,\" she agreed. \"I'm amazed the principal didn't ever kick you out and I'm surprised her hair isn't entirely gray because of you!\" \"Seriously!\" June agreed, then both of them laughed, reminiscing on all the trouble June had caused over the past four years. She knew the detention center and suspension room better than anyone else. Meanwhile, goody-goody Cora actually still had no clue where those two rooms even were. A fact June never let Cora forget. \"I'm just impressed you didn't do anything stupid between graduation and our last day of school!\" one of June and Cora's other classmates agreed. Her name was Natalie Castillo and she was already tall and blond, but thanks to some heels and minor hair coloring, she was even taller and blonder. That made her best friend, Alexis, look so much smaller. She had already been Natalie's mini-me, but today seemed to accentuate that because Alexis had chosen to wear flats. They looked nice, but Natalie seemed enormous compared to her now. \"I seriously considered it,\" June admitted. \"June!\" Cora chastised. \"But I didn't do anything!\" June protested, raising her arms in surrender. \"But what were you planning?\" Amy Lawhorn, another classmate, asked, usually straight-brown hair done up into two braids. \"Uhhh, I was going to see if I could get myself arrested, just for fun?\" June asked, already shying away from Cora. \"JUNE!\" June had good reason for trying to shy away. \"You know officers Batez and Bentz wouldn't have gone easy on you!\" \"I know, that's why I didn't do anything,\" June snorted. \"I'm not that stupid.\" \"Are we sure?\" another classmate joked. Her name was Courtney Ortega and she was the valedictorian. Cora had been a close contender, but hadn't quite made it, though she was more than fine with it. \"Actually, no,\" June admitted. \"I don't know how I made it through either.\" \"Cheating?\" Alexis suggested with a grin. Cora pretended to despair over the low morality amongst her classmates. Before anyone could say anything else, however, the graduation ceremony began. The class exit their little side room and out into the main gym where ever single seat was filled with family and friends of the graduating crowd. June, Cora, and all their friends were grinning like madwomen as they walked in, Pomp and Circumstance being played as the crowd applauded the arriving seniors. Everyone obediently took their seats right as the last measure of Pomp and Circumstance was played, then the principal got up and gave the welcoming speech. Cora was in the front row, being an honor graduate. June was several rows behind, only barely making the cut. Despite this fact, though, there was nothing but pride and joy radiating off of everyone. There was no envy or shame here today. It didn't matter what you did or didn't graduate with and it didn't matter if you were getting honors or regular. Just for this moment, everyone was united as one body, celebrating their survival and celebrating what they did achieve, rather than what they didn't or could have achieved. It was the warmest and most positive feeling in the world. June might've been a few rows behind Cora, but their hearts were together and both of them were grinning like idiots, equally proud of what they had done instead of wondering if they should've aimed higher. It was a short ceremony, overall, the intro speech ending and leading right into the diploma hand out which led right into the valedictorian speech, but it was a wonderful ceremony nonetheless. When Cora walked across the stage, though only a few people cheered, she had never felt more proud in her life. Of course she knew she was going to graduate. She was smart and driven and came from a good family. At the same time, though, she still felt so proud that she had made it. Sure, high school had been pretty easy for her, all things considered, but there had still been some struggles and, just for that moment, in her eyes, every struggle, no matter how small, had been something to overcome and then celebrate. This ceremony was, to Cora, a celebration of all those cumulative triumphs, whether they were big or small, traumatic or simple, easy or hard. They were all being tallied up, counted and celebrated here and now and Cora was going to milk it for all it was worth. June felt the same way. Though her struggles had been far greater and her successes far fewer, she still had technically graduated and she had overcome adversity as well. Her family, all seemingly 20 of them, cheered madly when her name was called. About half of June's family had graduated. The others were either still in school or already out, whether through expulsion or quitting. Thanks to June, the scales were about balanced. She made sure to salute at them with her diploma, earning a soft wave of laughter from everyone else in the crowd, including Cora. Once every honor had been bestowed, Courtney took to the stage. With the lights gleaming off her dark red hair, she gave the closing speech and bade everyone goodbye and good luck before slowly moving the tassel of her cap from left to right (June had almost gotten into a fist fight with a teacher when he insisted that it was right to left) and every graduating student in the crowd mirrored her movement. It was a serious and exciting moment as everyone switched their tassels. Courtney was smiling so hard it looked like her face was about to split in half. Once every tassel was firmly set upon the right side of the cap, the caps all went airborne, rising up on the cheering and screaming of parents and students alike. Then, even after the caps had all rained back down, a few more returned to the air in an encore of a throw. June ran to Cora at once, hugging her so hard that Cora was certain a rib would break, but Cora was so happy that she was sure that if June broke all her ribs right now, she'd still be laughing. Courtney and some of her friends were now dancing upon the stage, celebrating their triumph. \"We did it, we did it, we did it!\" she hollered. Cora didn't even bother responding verbally, allowing the rest of her class to scream for her as she held June in the tightest and most loving embrace she could, kissing June over and over again. Even after the ceremony was over and people were exiting the building for the last time, hugs and chatter were swirling around the parking lot. Already, a multitude of students and parents had congratulated June and Cora both for their achievements and even though Cora hardly recognized any of them, she accepted all their pride with a loving heart just because this kind of event brought out the community-side in Cora. For once, she really felt like she was a part of something big and not just one little student on her own. There was something so familial about this kind of event, even though Cora hadn't known too many people at her school. June, meanwhile, was off saying goodbye to any and everyone. It would be hours before she and Cora got home, but just for once, Cora didn't care at all. Instead, she only basked in the sun as the sounds of affirmations and congratulations filled her ears. They had done it. They had made it. They had graduated. Graduation was over. They were free at last! AN: I know I set this in the 1920s, but I was basing it off my own graduation (which was June 3, 2018). Cora acts as my author-insert in the story, though there are obviously a few differences between me and her (having a June-figure in my life and having major problems to overcome). I was, however, a front-row honor grad! (Sorry, I won't brag). Also, if any of this ceremony is historically inaccurate, I'm sorry. Like I said, even though it's set in the 1920s, it was based off of a modern story. (And by 'modern' I mean, less than 24 hours ago). ","Summary":" \"Can you believe it? We made it! We actually made it!\" Cora murmured to June as they straightened"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Stolen Melodies","Author":"Komatsuki-san","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8165849","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Todos tenemos un ángel, un guardián que nos protege, no podemos saber que forma tomarán; un día es un anciano al día siguiente una niña pequeña. Pero no dejes que las apariencias te engañen, pueden ser tan feroces como cualquier dragón pero no están aquí para pelear tus batallas…sino para susurrarnos desde nuestro corazón que debemos hacerlo nosotros mismos. Cada uno de nosotros tenemos el poder sobre los mundos que creamos; podemos negar que nuestros ángeles existen, convencernos de que no son reales; pero de todas formas aparecen, en lugares extraños y en momentos extraños, pueden hablar a través de cualquier personaje imaginable, gritarán a través de demonios si es necesario, retándonos, desafiándonos a pelear\" Esa mujer que escribió esa palabras en aquel viejo diario hace bastante tiempo, si esa mujer que trataba de explicar muchas de las situaciones que ocurrían a su alrededor era yo; la que jamás fue comprendida y obligada a realizar cosas inimaginables para mantener una esperanza vaga, digo \"era\" porque en este momento no soy ni la mitad de lo que solía ser, todo se me fue arrebatado para sumirme en un inmenso vacío, tal vez esta historia comience como todas las historias de amor, aquella en la que grandes caballeros cabalgaban largos caminos con la esperanza de salvar a sus princesas de grandes y feroces dragones, pero no te dejes engañar, eso sólo sucede en las fantasías de un autor poco realista, lo digo por qué espere durante años que un valeroso caballero me salvara del horrible destino que estaba forjando yo misma…pero nunca llego y la feroz criatura todavía espera bajo mi ventana. CAPITULO 1 Todo se mantenía oscuro, apenas se podía divisar entre las tinieblas los pequeños destellos de algunas lámparas alrededor de un grande y largo escenario, muchos de los clientes de aquel lugar habían llegado a disfrutar del espectáculo que casi todas las noches ofrecía el establecimiento. La música comenzó a sonar y la pesada cortina se abrió para dejar al descubierto a una hermosa muchacha que empezaba a danzar de forma armoniosa y algo sexy. Babydoll era la que llevaba más tiempo en ese lugar y ya había aprendido a odiar la tediosa rutina diaria, su historia era complicada al igual que la mayoría de las jóvenes que pertenecían a este establecimiento, siempre permanecía sola a pesar de conocer a todas las jóvenes del bar; un día de esos en los que no hay nada que hacer y la noche anterior el pandemonio se había adueñado del lugar, se encontraba Babydoll tratando de acomodar todo de nuevo y pensando como quitar la enorme mancha que había en la alfombra; las enormes puertas del lugar se abrieron de pronto causando un estruendo en todos los rincones del bar, una mujer que arrastraba de un brazo a otra se acercó a ella y le dijo con un enorme enojo marcado en su mirada. - Quiero hablar con Blue en este momento - Espere aquí lo voy a llamar, señora – contesta Babydoll mientras se quitaba el delantal de color negro. - No hace falta, Baby; el estruendo se escucho por todo el bar y vine a ver que demonios ocurría – dice Blue que apareció tras la recién nombrada acompañado de sus matones - La señora necesita hablarle - Claro madame, venga conmigo por favor – dijo Blue mientras miraba a la joven que traía a rastras Los dos se fueron dejando a solas a las dos jóvenes, Babydoll amarró de nuevo su delantal y después cerró las puertas del bar - ¿Estás bien? – pregunta Babydoll a la joven que estaba sentada en el sucio suelo de ese maldito antro - … - la joven sólo la miró con tristeza, en cierta forma sabía cual iba a ser su destino - …Soy Babydoll, si necesitas algo solo dímelo… - ¿Babydoll…ese es tu nombre? – pregunta la joven con cierta tristeza y miedo - No…pero ha pasado tanto tiempo…que ya no recuerdo el mío…- contesta Babydoll sonriendo - ¿Quién es ella? - Mi madre – contesta la joven ya un poco más tranquila pero se podía notar tristeza en su rostro – Me dejará aquí ¿verdad? - No lo se…si es tu madre, no dejará que te olviden aquí… - Ella misma me trajo…sólo soy un estorbo para ella y su nuevo esposo… - Te daré un consejo… - Babydoll lleva a la jovencita a conocer a las demás niñas…. – le interrumpe Blue - Sí, Blue - Alguna ocupación encontraremos para ella – le dijo a la señora que se encontraba mirando desde lejos - Que bueno….porque ahora es su problema La mujer salió rápidamente del establecimiento dejando a la joven que parecía ser su hija, Babydoll se acerca a la muchacha que se encontraba hincada en el suelo frente a ella y le extiende su mano, esta la toma; cuando se disponían a marcharse Blue las detiene para decirles - Babydoll…. - Si, Blue - ….Dile a las demás que ella será el reemplazo de Amy…. - Si, Blue – le contesta la rubia mientras bajaba su mirada en señal de tristeza – ¿Cómo la llamarás? - …No lo se…. – dice pensativo –...La llamaremos Rocket…. Las dos jóvenes caminaron hacia la parte trasera del bar, a través de un tétrico pasillo que era vigilado por uno de los matones contratados por Blue para evitar escapes, rápidamente llegaron a un largo salón donde se encontraba un grupo considerable de jóvenes con una mujer no tan joven. - Babydoll…llegas tarde – le dice la mujer pelirroja mientras caminaba hacia ella cargando un largo bastón - Lo siento Madame Gorski…hoy me toca limpieza en el bar…. – le contesta Baby a la que parecía ser su jefa –…Vine porque Blue me envió a dejar a la nueva integrante de nuestro grupo… - ¿De quién se trata? – contesta la mujer acercándose a la joven nueva - Llegó hace diez minutos…Blue la llamó Rocket….y dijo que era el reemplazo de Amy…. – concluyó la rubia causando un coro de comentarios entre todas las chicas - ¡Niñas! – Dice la madame con fuerza, luego voltea hacia Babydoll – Quiero que la lleves a tu habitación y la vistas como debe ser… - Pero, Madame Gorski…el bar esta hecho un desastre…Blue me asignó para limpiarlo – dice la rubia - Melanny…. – le dice la mujer a una de las jóvenes que se encontraban en ese gran salón – ¿Puedes cubrir a Babydoll, sólo por hoy?... - Sí, Madame Gorski - Por favor, Baby…ayúdame con eso…. – le dice la mujer tocando suavemente el rostro de la rubia - Está bien, Madame Gorski, pero usted le informará a Blue que debo ayudarla con ella…. – le contesta la rubia quitándose el delantal y dándoselo a su compañera –…Sino queda perfectamente limpia la alfombre…nos hará bailar para él… - Yo me encargo de eso – contesta la mujer amablemente - Melanny…hay una gran mancha en medio bar…. – le dice la rubia a su compañera que se destinaba a cumplir con sus obligaciones – Es difícil acabar con ella y requerirá más de una limpieza, acomoda las mesas de modo que no se vea y dile a Blue que yo las acomodé de esa manera….si pregunta - Esta bien, Baby - Ven, Rocket – dice la rubia tomando la otra joven de la mano. Caminaron a través de otro pasillo con otros dos guardias observando desde ambos lados del pasillo, llegaron luego de unos minutos a una habitación en la cual había cinco camas de las cuales una permanecía vacía. - Esa será tu cama…compartimos habitación con otras tres chicas, son buenas niñas se que te van ha agradar…. – dijo sacando unas cuantas cobijas de una gran armario – Por las mañanas nos encargamos de limpiar el bar o ensayar y por las noches bueno tu sabes… - Baby…. – le dice la rubia mientras observaba la habitación – ¿Qué es este lugar? - Este lugar…. – le contesta, buscando palabras para contarle que era una prisión pero no asustarla - Dime la verdad…. – le dice la joven –…puedo soportarlo… - Este lugar…aquí vienen los hombres para sentirse especiales y nosotras somos las atracciones principales…. – dice Baby volteándose –…Es un burdel… - …Entiendo… - Te haré una pregunta y quiero que me contestes con toda sinceridad - De acuerdo - ¿Eres virgen? Mientras tanto en la oficina de Blue - Lamento molestarte…. – le dice la mujer pelirroja entrando al lugar – vine a informarte sobre un pequeño cambio de último momento - ¿De que se trata? - Babydoll va a ayudarme con la niña nueva y Melanny va a ocuparse de limpiar el bar - Esta bien…. – contesta sin prestarle atención – ¿Cómo ves a la nueva? - Es bonita….y parece tener buen carácter puede ser una gran adquisición… - Bien…. – la interrumpe mientras se ponía en pie –…la quiero lista a las seis…ya sabes lo que pasa con las nuevas… - Si…ya lo sé – le contesta la mujer volteándose – pero no sabes si es virgen… - Su madre me lo dijo…prepárala, tiene que pasar la iniciación - Si, Blue Rocket miró a su amiga con sorpresa que pregunta era aquella, aunque evaluando el lugar donde se encontraba no era tan descabellada - Contéstame… ¿Eres virgen? - Si lo soy…. – contesta desviando la mirada - Di la verdad, Rocket…no quiero que te lastimen - No lo soy – contesta la joven avergonzada – El cerdo de mi padrastro me arrebato mi inocencia hace mucho tiempo - … - Baby guardó silencio, sabía lo que se sentía tener un tirano como padrastro - ¿Pasa algo? – dice la rubia interrumpiendo sus pensamientos - Blue tiene una política, que consiste en que antes de poder atender el bar tienes que pasar por lo que él llama \"control de calidad\" - ¿Control de calidad? - Si el piensa que eres virgen estará muy interesado en ti – contesta Baby recordando amargamente - ¿Qué debo hacer? - No podemos hacer nada, Rocket – contesta Baby mirándola con tristeza – Va ha cumplir su política aunque no seas virgen - ¿Hay alguna forma de evitarlo? - No que nosotras hayamos descubierto - ¿Tendré que estar con él de todos modos? - Así es…pero no es la gran cosa…. – contesta Baby mintiendo –…Es mejor que pases una noche con él, así te dejará en paz… - Babydoll, ven acá – dice la madame desde el corredor - Si, Madame Gorski – dice la rubia acercándose a su jefa - Quiero que prepares a Rocket…Blue la quiere lista antes de empezar…dijo que la quería en sus aposentos a las seis… - No la va a dejar ¿verdad? - No y trate de disuadirlo pero ya sabe que la jovencita es virgen… - … - la rubia abrió sus ojos azules y volteó a mirar a su compañera – ¿Cómo lo supo? - Su madre se lo dijo…ya sabes como se pone cuando entra una niña limpia – contesta la pelirroja –…Ayúdame y prepárala…dale un vestido que le quede bien y ponla bonita para él… - Lo haré – contesta con un suspiro - Gracias, preciosa – contesta la Madame y luego se marcha - ¿Qué pasa, Baby? – le pregunta a su compañera cuando la vio entrar - Tu madre le dijo a Blue que eres virgen – contesta Babydoll sacando ropa de un armario – lo siento…pero no puedo salvarte - ¿Qué va a pasar conmigo? - Fue tu madre quien mintió…va ha castigarte pero no te hará daño…. – Miente la rubia deseando con todo su corazón que todo sucediera como ella pensaba - El bar está listo Baby... – dice una joven de cabello castaño desde la puerta –…Hoy nos toca bailar juntas - Esta bien – contesta la rubia mientras terminaba de preparar a su compañera – Gracias Blondie… - Wou! Te quedó muy linda…. – contesta la joven entrando a la habitación –… ¿Le toca control de calidad? - Así es…. – contesta Baby deteniéndose y mirando a su compañera - Pobrecita… - Todas pasamos por esto… - Y mira en lo que nos metimos…. – interrumpe una rubia que entraba a la habitación – ¿Por qué no escapaste? - … - la joven rubia sólo bajo su cabeza, no había porque jamás pensó que su madre le haría eso - … ¿Por qué estará tan feliz?... – pregunta una chica de cabello castaño y nacionalidad china - ¿Quién? – preguntan las cuatro a unísono - Blue…está muy feliz preparándose en... – Interrumpe la joven al ver a su compañera ya arreglada –…Oh ¿control de calidad? - Bueno ya basta de hablar…. – contesta Baby levantándose de su asiento – Ellas son nuestras compañeras de habitación, Blondie, Amber y Sweat Pea…Ella es Rocket… - Es un placer… - Puedes confiar en nosotras, linda – contesta Amber a su nueva compañera – Todas somos amigas aquí - Gracias… - Es hora de prepararnos…. – dice Sweat Pea arruinando el momento – El bar abre en una hora… - …Niñas…. – dice Rocket luego de unos segundos - ¿Qué va ha pasar conmigo? - …Lo siento, amor…pero no puedo mentirte…Blue va ha hacerte muchas cosas en el tiempo que estés con él…y todo el tiempo es diferente…. – dice Babydoll sentándose de nuevo – lo que si es seguro es que se va ha aprovechar de ti…el piensa que eres virgen y te hará suya a toda costa… - … - la rubia palideció ante lo que había escuchado y comenzó a temblar - No le demuestres miedo…. – le dice Amber - Tampoco te resistas…es peor porque llamará a sus matones y te obligará a tener relaciones con ellos…es doloroso pero puedes hacerlo…. – comenta Blondie - … - Sweat Pea guarda silencio esa niña por alguna razón no le caía bien - Todo será rápido te lo prometo…. – dice Baby mintiendo y tratando de calmar a su amiga - Prepárense niñas ya es tarde, ya deben estar en el bar…. – dice la madame entrando a la habitación –…Baby tu vas ha bailar esta noche…Blondie va a acompañarte y van a entrar luego de la apertura para que te de tiempo de llevar a Rocker a la habitación de Blue y tener todo listo… - Esta bien, Madame Gorski – contesta Babydoll - Apresúrense – dice la mujer antes de marcharse - No te preocupes estaremos ahí cuando todo termine….[Chapter 2] Hola Chicas y chicos, lamento la tardanza, he tenido días muy agitados últimamente. Pero bueno aquí esta el segundo capitulo espero que les guste. Dejen reviews. DISCLAIMER: Los personajes de Sucker Punch no me pertenecen son de Zack Snyder y este fanfic es escrito únicamente por diversión sin fines de lucro. ADVERTENCIA: Puede contener escenas fuertes y algo explicitas. CAPITULO 2 La tarde comenzaba a caer y la oscuridad comenzaba a ser evidente; el bar se encontraba algo agitado era tarde y nadie estaba listo, pero esa no era la preocupación existente en dos de las chicas que trabajaban en aquel bar; Rocket y Babydoll caminaban por un largo pasillo una arrastrando a la otra suavemente de la mano, al llegar al lugar de destino ambas se detuvieron y se miraron. - Espera aquí – dice Baby a su amiga - … - Rocket no contesto nada las palabras no salían de su boca debido a sus nervios - Blue no ha llegado… - dice la rubia saliendo de la habitación - …No tengas miedo…no va ha pasarte nada malo… - …Estas segura… - contesta Rocket casi sin aliento - Vamos Rocket…contrólate… - contesta Baby fuertemente – Sé que no escogiste esto pero debes enfrentarlo…No le demuestres miedo….sé fuerte amiga… - … - Al escuchar la última frase, la rubia levanto la mirada y se controló lo más que pudo; en cierta forma aquella palabra le había dado fuerza. - ¿Estás lista? - Si – contesta decidida Las dos entraron a la habitación, era amplia e iluminada con una luz tenue; en el centro de la habitación había una enorme cama perfectamente acomodada cubierta con sabanas rojas, Rocket se detuvo frente a la cama sintiendo nauseas que logro controlar al momento; en el baño se escucha una puerta cerrarse y las dos chicas se miran entre ellas, era hora de partir Baby miró a su compañera para luego dirigirse a la puerta \"Suerte\" le dijo antes de salir; cerró la puerta a sus espaldas y suspiró, por algún motivo sentía que debía protegerla, sin embargo la prueba que estaba a punto de pasar debía superarla sola. Escuchó alguien moverse dentro del baño pero tardó varios minutos en salir, miró a su alrededor inspeccionando la habitación ha decir verdad era bastante amplia y bonita, luego de observar bien su alrededores movió hacia un espejo de gran tamaño y pudo ver como la había vestido su amiga, llevaba un vestido negro de falda muy corta, con panty medias negras y zapatos de tacón muy alto ; aunque era sencillo se veía radiante, de pronto tras ella aparece un hombre de cabello oscuro que salía del baño. - Valla si dejaron un regalito para mí… - dice Blue mientras afloja un poco su corbata - … - Rocket volteó hacia el sin decir palabra alguna, tratando de controlar sus nervios - Vamos a ver, que tan buena es la mercancía… - dicho esto camino hacia la puerta principal la cerró con llave - …Ven hermosura; quiero verte a la luz… Le tomo la mano y la hizo caminar hasta el lugar donde había mayor cantidad de luz, una vez allí dio vueltas a su alrededor estudiando todo su cuerpo con detenimiento, al cabo de unos minutos se acerco a ella por la espalda y con sus manos siguió el contorno de los hombros recorriendo sus brazos llegando hasta sus manos causando un pequeño escalofrío en la joven que el percibió casi de inmediato. Aún por la espalda le beso el cuello y tomó el cierre de su vestido comenzando a bajarlo suavemente hasta que el frágil vestido cayó al suelo mostrando los atributos de aquella niña; se encontraba semidesnuda lo único que le impedía estarlo por completo eran unas panty medias y una prenda de lencería que cubría su sexo, Blue se aleja un poco de ella para mirarla con atención, era muy hermosa la haría suya aunque eso fuera lo último que hiciera en la vida. Todas las chicas corrían de un lado a otro mientras Babydoll y sus compañeras se maquillaban frente a un gran espejo - No creen que deberíamos estar corriendo de un lado a otro como todas las demás…. – comenta Blondie mientras se peinaba el cabello - …No…. – contestan todas a unísono - ¿Qué estará pasando con Rocket? – pregunta Amber distraídamente - … - Todas guardaron silencio y la miraron con poca paciencia, todas sabían que podía estar ocurriendo - Señoritas la función está por comenzar… - dice Madame Gorski desde un lado de la habitación - … Necesito a ambas en el escenario en este momento….el resto de ustedes vayan a atender el bar… - Si, Madame Gorski – contestan todas - Vamos Baby – dice Blondie a su amiga - Adelántate….estaré allí en un segundo – Blondie se marcha y Baby se mira en el espejo, se acomoda su cabello y también acomoda bien su brillo labial, de verdad odiaba ese lugar pero no podía hacer nada para marcharse, se dirigió a iniciar su jornada de trabajo. Blue la miraba con detenimiento, midiendo cada centímetro de su cuerpo; la deseaba, todo su cuerpo la deseaba, al fin se movió y le extendió la mano para acercarla a aquella enorme cama acomodada y cubierta por una fina sabana de seda, Rocket la tomo siguiéndolo hasta su destino se sentó a su lado y lo miró con inocencia en su mirada que lo hizo estremecerse. - …Eres hermosa…. ¿Lo sabias? – le dice Blue a la joven que estaba a su lado - ….Quiero decirte algo… - dice Rocket mientras se recostaba a su lado - Ya lo se… - contestó Blue recostándose también - …No te preocupes haré que sea especial… - Pero… - Calla – dice colocando los dedos en su boca – No te haré daño Comenzó besándole la mano y fue subiendo por su cuello depositando calidos besos en su brazo hasta que llegó a su cuello, levanto la mirada para besarla en su boca lo que provocó un escalofrío en Rocket, el pudo sentirlo y le encantó la reacción. Profundizó un poco más el beso que ella respondió con una destreza perfecta, levantó la mirada y vio sus ojos aún con rastros de inocencia, con sus manos acarició su pecho hasta que llegó a aquella prenda de lencería que ocultaba su \"inocencia\" la tomo sin pensarlo mucho y la retiró rápidamente, para luego ubicarse sobre ella y mirar la expresión en su rostro al sentir su cuerpo sobre el suyo. Las luces se apagaron en el bar y la pesada cortina se levantó mostrando a dos jóvenes, una rubia y la otra de cabello castaño; comenzaron a bailar atrayendo la mirada de todos los miembros del bar y de sus compañeras que ya empezaban a atender sus clientes. Mientras bailaban entre ellas, Baby prefería soñar despierta, ir a otros mundos y olvidar que todo aquello era una cárcel sin pena y sin salida, lugares donde era libre; el baile duró unos minutos y luego la pesada cortina volvió a bajarse - Excelente…mis niñas – dice Madame Gorski acercándose a sus alumnas – estuvieron perfectas - Gracias Madame Gorski – contesta Blondie - Es hora de continuar la noche…vayan a atender el resto del bar…- concluyó la pelirroja mientras se marchaba - … - Baby guardó silencio mientras ponía en orden su mente - ¿Pasa algo Baby? – pregunta Blondie a su compañera sacándola de sus pensamientos - No…solo pensaba….vamos es hora de trabajar – dice la rubia tomando la mano de su amiga El lugar estaba repleto, todas las mesas estaban ocupadas por hombres y mujeres que disfrutaban del ambiente; excepto una que era ocupada por un sombrío hombre que miraba con atención el rostro de cada niña que se acercaba a ofrecer sus servicios, permaneció bajo la luz tenue de la lámpara que había en su mesa, hasta que vio salir a Babydoll y tomar una bandeja con tragos. - Disculpe señorita – dice el hombre a una jovencita rubia que pasaba frente a él - Si – contesta Sweet Pea - Puede decirme por favor, el nombre de la jovencita que acaba de bailar…la rubia… - Su nombre es Babydoll, si desea pasar tiempo con ella solo pídala a Madame Gorski, con permiso El joven se levanta para dirigirse hasta el lugar donde se encontraba ubicada Madame Gorski - Madame Gorski… - dice el joven besándole la mano - …Se ve hermosa esta noche… - Muchas gracias – contesta la pelirroja – Espero que esté disfrutando la noche… - Mucho, Madame… - dijo el joven en tono educado y mirando a la rubia de las coletas - …Me gustaría mucho platicar un rato con esa preciosa señorita… - ¿Con Babydoll? - Así es… Babydoll – contesta el joven cambiando su tono de voz - No te preocupes…Melanie lleva al joven a la habitación de Babydoll…ella estará allí en un instante… - Gracias Madame Gorski… - Baby… - dice la madame a la rubia que pasaba cerca – Ven - Si, Madame Gorski - Hay un caballero que quiere tus servicios, linda - ¿Dónde está? – dice la rubia dejando la bandeja a un lado - Melanie lo llevó a tu habitación….trátalo bien es uno de los mayores clientes de Blue… - Si, Madame Gorski Baby camina por el pasillo hasta llegar a una puerta de fino caoba con su nombre tallado en ella, de todo lo que había hecho en su vida esa parte era la que más odiaba, tomó aire en busca de valor pero por extraña razón no logro encontrarlo; abrió la puerta y se encontró con un caballero alto, de cabello negro largo pero perfectamente cortado, se encontraba de espaldas a la puerta y al sentir su presencia se voltea mostrando su rostro era realmente guapo y sus ojos eran hermosos. - … - guardar silencio fue lo único que pudo hacer ante semejante belleza - Hola, Babydoll… - dijo el joven al ver a la muchacha parada frente a él - …Bienvenido… - contesta la rubia tragando saliva y recuperando el aliento - …estoy….a sus servicios… - Gracias por la oferta…. Pero no estoy aquí para lo que tú crees… - dijo el joven acercándose a la chica que aún lo miraba con sorpresa - …te he buscado por algún tiempo… - ¿A mi? - pregunta Babydoll con sorpresa - Si, hermosa….a ti – contesta el joven tomando suavemente sus hombros - Es una broma ¿verdad? - Claro que no…yo nunca bromeo… - contesta el joven mirándola con aquello ojos azules - …eres importante para una persona…me pagaron para encontrarte… - ¿Para quién puedo ser tan importante? – Dice la rubia apartándose – Hace mucho tiempo me abandonaron en este lugar -…. - ¿Quién puede buscarme aparte de…? – su voz se silencio en señal de tristeza - …no importa… - Nadie sabe que aún vives… - Babydoll lo miró con sorpresa - …han convencido a todos de que estas muerta… - … - \"Muerta\" pensó, no era tan falsa la idea, desde hacia varios años estaba muerta en vida - Durante años estuve buscándote…acaso ya no me recuerdas… - dijo el joven mirándola a los ojos - Lo siento…pero la condena que impusieron sobre mi era pasar un tiempo en un hospital psiquiátrico…olvide muchas cosas en ese lugar… - contesta con amargura - Tú no eres la culpable y lo sabes…. - No lo se… - ¿Quién te ha hecho esto? - dijo con enojo – Lo mataré cuando lo tenga en frente…Tu eres mi Babydoll…mi E… - ¡No lo digas! – Interrumpe la rubia con fuerza - …No digas mi nombre…hace mucho tiempo lo deje atrás… - Confía en mi, Babydoll – dijo el joven tomando sus pequeñas manos – Voy a sacarte de aquí y volverás a ser la de antes… - Esta bien…voy a confiar en ti – contesta la rubia mirándolo a los ojos - ….pero volver al pasado…jamás - Esta bien….Babydoll – contesta el pelinegro – prepárate, volveré en unos días para evitar que Blue sospeche algo…te voy a sacar de aquí… - dice antes de dirigirse a la puerta – Lo prometo Blue se encontraba sobre la chica besándola apasionadamente, cuando de pronto se escucha un sonido parecido a una voz humana proveniente de la puerta - Señor… - ¿Qué demonios quieres? – Contesta Blue con furia – Estoy ocupado - Hay unas personas buscándolo… - contesta uno de sus ayudantes desde el pasillo - …Tiene que ser ahora… - … ¿Quién puede ser tan importante? – contesta Blue levantándose con furia de la cama para abrir la puerta - …para interrumpir lo que estoy haciendo… - …Es la policía, señor… - dice al fin en voz muy baja - …vienen a meter sus narices donde no les importa…como la otra vez… - …Vera ya lo sabe… - …Fue ella quien nos envió a buscarlo… - Bien…lo siento mucho, mi cielo… - dice para luego darle la espalda - …vamos muchachos… Aquel muchacho se había marchado y no le había dicho su nombre, era extraño no poder recordarlo aunque parecía que el la conocía bien, para ella todo aquello era muy extraño; de pronto apareció por la puerta Madame Gorski y la tomo de la mano para llevársela de la habitación. - Ven Babydoll…tienes que esconderte… - ¿Qué sucede, Madame Gorski? - La policía llegó y tiene tu foto…Blue los sacará pero no pueden verte… - ¿Qué harán si me encuentran? – dijo asustada - No lo harán…Blue no los permitirá… - contesta la pelirroja mientras abría un compartimiento secreto detrás de su escritorio en su oficina, era un espacio en el que solo una persona pequeña podía caber - …necesito que te quedes aquí y no hagas ruido…nadie va a llevarte…te lo prometo… La mujer cerró la puerta, para dirigirse donde se encontraban los policías, Blue ya se encontraba con ellos - Señores… ¿Qué se les ofrece? - Necesitamos encontrar a esta señorita – dijo mostrándole una foto de Babydoll – Huyo un tiempo después de matar a su hermana y ser internada en un hospital psiquiátrico - Es bonita…pero no la he visto… - Recibimos una llamada diciendo que se encontraba en este lugar - No la estamos escondiendo si eso es lo que piensa…puede ver a todas las niñas en los alrededores…son las que trabajan aquí… - No hace falta…creemos en su palabra Señor Jones – contesta el policía recibiendo un buen fajo de billetes por parte de Blue – Buenas noches y disculpe la molestia - Buenas noches El policía se marchó, Madame Gorski libera a Babydoll y le pide que regrese a su habitación, donde se encontró con Rocket - ¿Rocket? – Pregunta Babydoll a la rubia que se encontraba sentada en su cama - ¿Qué haces aquí? - Blue tenía algo que hacer y me pidió salir de su habitación… - El te…. - No – interrumpió la rubia a su compañera sin pensarlo dos veces – uno de sus guardias lo interrumpió y no pudo hacer nada… ¿No voy a salvarme, verdad? - No lo se….a lo mejor te deje en paz pero debes recordar que tienes que atender el mar que es mil veces peor… - Lo se…pero creo que puedo soportarlo… - Bueno… al final de todo si tienes el valor para llevar todo…Eres fuerte… - dijo la rubia tratando de fingir una sonrisa y que se viera natural - Hola niñas – dice Blondie entrando a la habitación seguida por Amber - ¿Cómo te fue con el cliente misterioso? - Un cliente como cualquier otro – miente la rubia tratando de fingir seguridad – se fue sin dejarme nada - Si te dejo algo… - interrumpe Sweet Pea entrando con un tulipán rojo en la mano - …lo encontraron donde estaba sentado tu cliente misterioso…además tiene una nota con tu nombre… Era un tulipán color rojo, realmente hermoso y tenía toda la razón la nota tenía su nombre escrito con un letra bien escrita y formada, la cual decía Babydoll: Recuérdalo siempre Solo pienso en ti \"Z\" Hola, disculpen la tardanza…si lo se un poco largo y así seguirán siendo todos los capítulos gracias de verdad a todas esas personas que entraron a leer y también a los que dejaron esos hermosos reviews. Ah y otra cosa hay algunos personajes nuevos que son de mi posesión : ).[Chapter 3] Hola Chicos y chicas, me disculpo por la tardanza en subir las actualizaciones, gracias por entrar a leer y espero que esta linda historia sea de su agrado :) Por favor dejen reviews para esta linda autora y así poder mejorarla un poco ;) Capitulo 3 Al leer la nota una pequeña sonrisa se dibuja en su rostro; le encantaban esas flores, parecía ser que aquel chico de verdad la conocía pero aún así no reconocía no su letra ni tenía la menor idea de cual era su nombre. Mientras esperaba para poder practicar su baile con el resto de sus compañeras se quedó sola en su habitación, donde minutos después llegó Rocket y la sacó de sus pensamientos. -¿Qué haces? - Soñando despierta… - ¿Con que? – pregunta la rubia sentándose a su lado - ….Con libertad…que puedo ir donde sea….Que soy fuerte…. – lo último lo dijo con amargura - ….pero solo son sueños… - Los sueños son el primer paso hacia la libertad– contesta Rocket y luego le sonríe a su amiga – Solo hay que saber soñar…. - A veces soñar no sirve de nada…. – dice en voz baja levantándose de la cama - ….más cuando alguien se encarga de matar todos tus sueños…. - Hola, chicas – dice Blondie sonriendo – Ya es hora del ensayo…. ¿Qué les parece si vamos juntas? - ¿Por qué tanto amor? – pregunta Babydoll a su amiga - No lo se….solo quería ir con ustedes…. - Bien, vamos – dice Baby caminando hacía la puerta - Vamos Rocket – dice Blondie tomándole el brazo amablemente - Vamos Las tres se dirigieron al estudio donde ensayaban sus bailes allí se encontraron con el resto de sus compañeras, Madame Gorski y extrañamente Blue; cuando todas estuvieron allí, Blue comenzó a hablar. - Por unos días aún sin definir, algunas de ustedes no bailaran en el bar… - comento Blue caminando hacia Babydoll -….tengo mis motivos y no voy a dar explicaciones….Babydoll, Rocket ustedes dos se encargaran de la cocina….no quiero que ninguna de las dos ponga un pie en el bar…. - ….. – Baby guardo silencio mientras lo miraba con sorpresa - Eso es todo…..puede continuar Madame Gorski…. – concluye Blue regresando a su oficina - Blue…. – dice Babydoll siguiéndolo hasta su oficina - ¿Por qué me sacaste? - Dije que no daría explicaciones…. - Sabes que no me gusta la cocina…. - Te saque porque la policía sabe que estas aquí…..no puedo retenerlos por mucho tiempo…..si te quedas en la cocina no te verán y se irán en algún momento….. - ….. – Baby guardó silencio y bajo la mirada en realidad estaba siendo todo un problema - No te preocupes….en unos día podrás volver, solo deja que las aguas se calmen….no podré pagarles por siempre… - Esta bien… - contesta la rubia volteándose para marcharse - Muéstrale a Rocket todo lo que hay que hacer por allí… - Si, Blue….lo haré – contesta Baby dedicándole una sonrisa triste y bastante fingida - Bien, suerte Babydoll sale del lugar y se dirige a la cocina donde la esperaba Rocket, miró por la ventanilla de la puerta y vio el gran hombre gordo, sudado y con cara de cerdo que todas odiaban; por fin tomo un respiro y entró el choque de calor podía sentirse, además del olor a comida nauseabunda en cocción y también un olor a podredumbre de dudosa procedencia, tomo su delantal negro que permanecía tras la puerta y se lo puso casi sin ánimos. - Ven Rocket – le dice a su amiga mientras caminaba hacia un gran fregadero donde reposaba una olla con patatas – Aléjate del cocinero lo mas que puedas…y si te toca venir sola…..no vengas y acepta el castigo…..es un maldito desgraciado…. - Esta bien - En teoría nos toca pelas patatas y cocinarlas la porquería que nos dan de comer…. - … -Rocket escuchaba con atención lo que su amiga decía - Luego vamos a lavar todos los platos para dejarlos listos para los clientes de la noche…..Ah y luego nos toca acomodar el bar para mañana por la noche…. – dice la rubia a su amiga con un poco de seriedad y amargura - ¿Quedó claro? - Pues….si – dijo dudando - Para mí sí lo está…..considérate aprendida…..a trabajar… Comenzaron a pelar todas las patatas mientras el silencio se apoderaba de la habitación, de fondo se escuchaba una tétrica música instrumental. - ¿Puedo preguntarte algo? – dice al fin Rocket rompiendo el silencio - Claro – contesta Babydoll concentrada en la patata que tenía en sus manos - ¿Cómo llegaste aquí? - …. – La sorpresa se apodero de ella a tal punto que dejo caer lo que tenía en sus manos y la miró con sorpresa – Es una larga historia - Tenemos tiempo ¿no crees? – Contesta la otra rubia sonriéndole – Además prometo guardar tu secreto - ….Bien…. – contesta la rubia fingiendo una sonrisa y tratando que al menos se viera real - ….Llegue a este lugar hace cuatro años….mientras escapaba – hace una pausa mientras recordaba con amargura todos aquellos momentos que había sido obligada a vivir – Blue me ayudo a esconderme y aún hoy está tratando de protegerme… - ¿De qué huías? – pregunta Rocket - ….De mi padrastro, de la policía, de los enfermeros….de mi misma…. – lo último lo dijo en voz baja casi solo para que ella lo escuchara - Así que tenías familia… - Si tenía una hermana y mi madre vivió con nosotras hasta que murió…..mi hermana murió mucho después….pero eso es algo de lo que realmente no quiero hablar…. - Termine - Igual yo – contesta Baby - Ahora a lavar platos…. ¿Siempre es así de silencioso? - No…es porque apenas están abriéndose las puertas del bar….en una hora no tendremos tiempo para nada…. - Recuerdo que en mi casa odiaba lavar platos - ¿Quién no lo odia? – dijo Baby mientras reían juntas - Y dime….al final de cuentas ¿Quién es el cliente misterioso del que todas hablan? Habían pasado varios días desde su encuentro con Babydoll y ya iba haciendo tiempo de ir a visitarla de nuevo, iba a sacarla de ese horrible lugar pero primero debía planearlo con ella para evitar errores, miró en los alrededores de aquel enorme salón y no la encontró, de inmediato supo que no se encontraba en ese lugar; miró a lo lejos a Madame Gorski y se dirigió hacia ella - Madame Gorski….permítame decir que luce adorable esta noche – dijo el muchacho besando la mano de la pelirroja - Tan amable como siempre…. – contesto la dama - ¿Qué viene a hacer por aquí? - Vine a ver a una bella señorita que me tiene como loco – contesta el joven con voz encantadora – pero no la veo por acá - ¿A quién? ¿Babydoll? - Así es…. - Ella no se encuentra en acción en este momento pero tenemos otras niñas si gusta - Oh, no Madame – interrumpe el joven a la pelirroja – Vine solo por ella, pero si no se encuentra me marcharé y volveré cuando este en servicio - Bien…para que no pierda su viaje voy a dejar que pase a verla – contesta Vera apuntando hacia un pasillo que se encontraba al otro lado del salón – Valla por ese pasillo hasta el final allí se encontrara con la cocina, ella se encuentra con Rocket y el cocinero….bueno esta con Rocket, envíela a otro lugar y así podrá compartir con ella… - Gracias, Madame Gorski – contesta el joven besándole la mano de nuevo - De nada….ahora ve antes de que Blue se entere El joven pelinegro sigue las indicaciones de la mujer y atraviesa el bar hasta llegar al pasillo camina hacia el final del mismo encontrándose con las enormes puertas de la cocina; a través de la ventana vio a Babydoll con Rocket, ambas reían mientras hablaban entre ellas. - Ya regreso – dice Rocket saliendo de la cocina y encontrándose con el joven pelinegro – Oh, disculpe - No se preocupe, hermosa dama…..la culpa fue mía - ¿En qué puedo ayudarlo? - Me gustaría platicar con Babydoll por un rato….podrías hacerme un enorme favor - Claro – contesta Rocket sonriendo - Donde vayas tárdate todo lo que puedas…. - Pero el cocinero… - De eso ya me encargue…. ¿me lo prometes? - Claro….lo haré por ella…. – finaliza Rocket sonriendo y luego marchándose El joven se voltea para entrar y tomar asiento frente a una gran mesa, Babydoll no se había percatado de su presenciase encontraba terminado de lavar una vajilla blanca que acababa de llegar; unos minutos después voltea para quitarse el flequillo de su rostro y secar un poco de sudor de su frente. - Que distraída eres… - Ohh! – Contesta sorprendida - ¿Qué hace aquí? - Vine a verte… - Nos encontraran…. – contesta Baby caminando hacia la puerta – Y me castigaran - No lo creo….nadie sabe que estoy aquí…-dice el joven volteándose en su silla – Solo tú y yo….Ah y Madame Gorski - ¡Vez! Allí esta….ella nos va a delatar… - No lo creo fue ella la que me dejó entrar… - ¿Y Rocket? - Nos cubrirá… - ¿El cocinero? - No sabes la magia que ejerce un buen fajo de billetes – contesta sonriendo el joven pelinegro – Ya cálmate…nadie va a vernos… - Esta bien… - contesta Babydoll sentándose en una de las sillas que rodeaban la gran mesa - ¿A qué viniste? - A verte…..ya te extrañaba – contesta el joven – Además prometí sacarte de aquí…pienso hacerlo… - Sí… ¿Y cómo lo harás? - No lo sé…salir de aquí es tarea tuya…hacer que desaparezca del mapa es la mía… - Quieres decir que yo debo salir SOLA de aquí…. - No…estoy segura que más de una querrá salir contigo - … - Tenía razón - ¿Por qué estas en la cocina y no en el bar? - ….porque Blue lo quiso así…. - Mmmmph…se que es por otra cosa pero está bien…no te preocupes en unos días serás libre y no volverás a ver un plato… - ¿De verdad quieres que sea libre? - Más que nada… - Esta bien…voy a salir de aquí vuelve en unos días y te explicare como solo déjame hablar con mis amigas… - Bien… - contesta el pelinegro levantándose y caminado hacia ella - …Cuídate…en especial de Blue… - El ya no puede hacerme más daño… - Lo sé…pero no soportaría perderte – dice mientras la abrazaba y sentía escalofrío por el contacto - Ya debes irte….estaré bien…lo prometo - Te quiero… - dice mientras sacaba un tulipán rojo intacto de la bolsa de su saco - …recuérdalo siempre Gracias por leer, es verdaderamente importante para mi saber que les gusta; pliss dejen reviews! NOS VEMOS EN LA PRÓXIMA ACTUALIZACIÓN! ","Summary":" \"Todos tenemos un ángel, un guardián que nos protege, no podemos saber que forma tomarán; un día e"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Unique Family: Valafoot","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11707865","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, my viewers. Did you all have a great Christmas and New Year's Eve? Mine was quiet yet busy. Finally, we're in 2016! It's awesome! This story is the first one of 2016. Please enjoy it, viewers, and you all go for your resolution! Bless you, everybody! - DimensionTraveler23 aka Traveler. Hello, my name is Valafoot. My clan calls me Vala. I know it's a strange name, but my name is inspired by the Croods. I mean, Grug, Ugga, Thunk, Sandy, Eep, Guy, and the pets' names as well. Clan, you ask? My clan is called the Sierra Travelers Clan, and I'm a warrior of the clan. I fight for my leader and my clanmates upon HQ Earth. You see, all my clanmates and myself has a way to travel to other dimensions, or worlds if you will. And that way is a sentiment dimension portal. As you already read, my chosen world is the Croods. Personally, I'm crazily conflicted to be either a Bearowl, or a Macawnivore. I love Chunky and the two Bearowls. It's three months after Pinefur had left for his world, and now it comes to my turn. It was a chilly, rainy day by courtesy of some moving north winds, and a gathering storm from the west. I had my dirty blond hair in a locked windswept look, and my dark brown eyes glittering in excitement. I have tattoos under my eyes to bring out the dark brown out. They are in style of downward flames and color of the rainbow, inspired by Chunky and the fire-colored Bearowl. I have a light red t-shirt under a dark green sweater, black pants, and gray sneakers. Upon my right shoulder, hidden is my 'flying' tattoo, which represents a Laughing Owl for my abilty of 'flying', which has been taught by my old teacher, Clawheart. I was finishing up the last part of my duty, which is mapping the sewers. I know it's a required smell, but it's quite interesting to follow where the sewer tunnels go to. I planned to hand my accomplished map to the Sewer Traveler, who is one of my clanmates, Swiftfang. Anyway, I headed home as the sun was beginning to dip behind the buildings of New York City. I greeted a few warriors as I got into Upworld House, a sanctuary that holds the clan headquarters down below, by way of elevator. Sure, there is some stairs and the underground tunnels to add to the sewer tunnels, but we mainly use the elevator to travel up and down. I got into HQ, seeing many warriors, going to dinner in the cafeteria. I was heck as hungry for a meal, so I got my dinner, hung out with some warriors including Swiftfang, handing the map to her. She was thankful and gleeful for it. After I finished my dinner, I headed off into a hallway to my door, #32. My mother chose that number as her lucky number many years ago long before I joined the clan. My doorknob is Latin American Kingwood, opening the door to see the floor which is a Latin American Leopardwood. My bed is a cot mattress made of cowhide and the inside insulation is alpaca fur. My blanket is inspired by the African landscape in colors of warm brown and gold. My dresser nearby is made of European birch and painted dark brown. The walls is painted of the Croods landscapes. The North wall is of the harsh, dry desert, full of liyotes, trip gerbils, and ramus. The west wall is of the lush, cool jungle, full of macawnivores, bearowls, turtle doves, and mousephants. The east wall is of the colorful, sandy beach, full of jackrobats, bear pears, punch monkeys, and sloths. I headed into my bathroom where the floor continues, the sink a pearl white shell bowl, the toilet cream porcelain, and the shower, frameless with the shower walls painted like forest trees, while the rest of the walls is sky blue. I freshened up my teeth, and combed through any tangles out of my hair. I headed out, hearing steps, and I saw my totem necklace upon my dresser. The lace, made of sheep fleece, and my totem, in a way, is like a double-sided coin, but different. The first side is of Chunky's pawprint, and the other side is of a Bearowl's pawprint. The material of the totem is sandstone, easily carved. I put it on, and headed out of my room, closing the door after myself. I made my way to the portal room, where I saw my leader, Sunrise, dressed Crood style, and everybody else had a random material respecting the Croods. Sunrise nodded toward me, and I smiled at me before I leapt into the lit portal, the tunnel turning on, changing into a varsity of beaches and forests. I heard only water crashing/trickling, then I froze, tense as I heard a unrecognizable sound. I saw a shadow, zooming through the trees. Then the shadow became lighter and lighter into the sun, and suddenly, I was pounced upon. I saw a costumed girl, bright blue eyes, and crimson red hair. She grinned, howled into the air, her aura of triumph. \"Hey, Irisa! How many times have I told you not to pounce on people, especially your brother?!\". shouted a frustrated, tired male voice as I glanced over to see a man, dirty blond hair with a six o'clock shadow of a beard, and bright blue eyes, bright white robes with a red sash. The said Irisa glanced over, scoffed, and got off me, and smirked at me, \"Hey, bro. Been long since I saw you.\". I flashbacked to remember a toddler girl with Irisa's features, smiling at me. I blinked again to see a 16 year old Irisa looking at me. I gaped, \"You're the sister Mom was talking about!\". and I glanced over at the man, who's smiling sadly at me, \"Dad?\". Dad nodded, \"Yes, Sierra, son. I don't know how much your mother has told you, but there was a bank robbery, and I was in charge of your sister, and well, I died to protect you and Irisa. But alas, the wound was too close to kill Irisa as well. You were only a baby, and your mother was only a month pregnant with your brother.\". Mom has my dark brown eyes, and crimson red hair which Irisa has. My brother Evan's a copy of Mama, with the exception of his nose, which was from Dada. I looked at Irisa, her costume is of a gray and brown wolf. \"Wait, how are you...?\". I asked Irisa. Irisa smiled, \"Babies grow up there while kids/teens, and adults either age younger, or stay the same age as they passed over. So, I chose to be 16 forever once I aged. Dad chose to stay the age he passed over. Cool, huh?\". I nodded wordlessly. Dad chuckled as he joined us, \"We have watched you as you grew up over the years. I was surprised when you came upon your clan, and Irisa was impressed with your moves.\". Irisa nodded, \"You are so amazing, fighting these thieves of the South Side! Sunrise's cool, too. I like them.\". I smiled, chuckled merrily. Dad sighed, and gave me a heartfelt hug, and a gentle kiss upon the head. Dad and I was only a inch apart. Irisa's a head shorter than us. Comparing Evan and Mom to Irisa, I had to say that Evan was taller than Mom, but shorter than me. Mom is only five inches shorter than Irisa. Irisa glanced over to see a black pup teasing her, and she grinned, disappearing into the forest. I shook my head curiously, and looked at Dad. Dad commented, \"That pup was a stillborn child from our dog when you were a baby. Little Coal was delighted to be reunited with Irisa, and now they're best friends.\". Dad looked over at the end of the tunnel, and I saw shifting pictures of the Croods jungle and beach. \"Be happy over there, and don't worry about your mother or brother. They're gonna be fine.\". Dad glanced at me softly. I nodded. I kissed him on the cheek, \"I love you, Dad. Tell Irisa that I'll be okay, and that I will find my forever home.\". Dad smiled, \"I don't doubt it, son. Love you, Valafoot.\". Then he disappeared into a mist, hearing a distant howl. I smiled, and ran to the end of the tunnel, jumped, then I blacked out, darkness wrapping around me.[Chapter 2] Okay, what coconut cart hit me in the head? I groaned lightly as I blinked my eyes open, the sun hitting my face. I rubbed my face downward, when suddenly I froze up, staring at my hands, my teenager hands. There are barely no scar cuts or anything, then I looked down as I got up to full height. Strangely, I feel shorter, and my body is a bit lunky on the awkward side. I looked around for any water, and I heard trickling water nearby. My present clothes has changed into a furred black vest and dark gray lizardskin pants, and high-ankle dark brown skinned boots. I walked some distance before I saw a a narrow stream full of refreshing, clean freshwater. I saw my reflection, and gaped as I saw that I look like 16, and my dirty blond hair in a messy, shaggy nest, and my dark brown eyes bright as ever, through my eye tattoos has disappeared permanently. My 'flying' tattoo had transformed into an added totem next to my present totem. I was surprised at all the changes, and I suddenly froze, hearing a sound. I quickly climbed a palm tree and sat upon a wide branch up high, hearing rustles and snaps, seeing a big shadow. Finally, the shadow came into the sunlight, revealing a bizarre cute creature that somewhat resembles Chunky and the fire-colored Bearowl. Its pelt was all leopard black spots, with black and red fur highlighting. The paws are white, with the tail having a gray tip. The face has the tusks, and the owl tufts. The eyes are amber brown, and the size is 2/3 thirds smaller than either of the parents I recognize. I smirked to myself. I crouched slowly to my feet, then jumped high as my shadow came on, and the creature cat saw my shadow. Its eyes widened as I pounced upon him/her, and it snarled lightly as I wrestled roughly. Our sizes are of the same wavelength, and I managed to pin the cat before it pushed me off with its back paws. I landed lightly, and snorted amusingly. \"Looks like we're even, cat.\". I commented casually. The cat tilted its head curiously, and seemed to think before it nodded to agree with my comment. I chuckled, \"Sorry about the ambush. I couldn't stop being cautious these times. I'm Vala.\". The cat made a weirded-out look. \"I know, it's a strange name, but it's the one I got. You a girl or boy?\". I asked curiously. The cat raised its right front leg, and tilted its head. I smiled, \"One paw means girl?\". The cat smiled and nodded. \"You lost?\". The cat drooped her ears, and mewed pitifully. I sighed heavily and I walked forward to pat her cheek. She's so soft. \"It's okay, girl. I'll help you get home and all.\". She purred loudly, and nuzzled me furiously. I laughed at the tickling her whiskers did upon my chest. \"You mind me riding you?\". I asked politely. She shook her head, and got down to the ground, and I climbed up upon her, rested behind her shoulders. \"Okay, let's go, girl. Hyah!\". I exclaimed excitedly, and she began to run, sprinting as I whooped, her motion almost like a horse. We continued on through the jungle, following the sun, and such. We came upon a clearing, and I told her that it's seeming about time to have a meal and bedtime. She mewed reluctantly at that, and followed me to get off. She rushed off to find some meat, probably some fish from a river or maybe something big. I began the process to make a fire, and grabbed many giant leaves for the matting upon the ground, remembering that in the night, body heat gets sucked by the ground, but insulation stops that somewhat. The cat returned with a slain wild giant boar. I raised my eyebrows in surprise, \"Impressive, girl. That boar is like a third bigger than you. Great job!\". She mewed with pride and triumph. I put the boar upon a crudely made turner, and soon, it was smoking feverishly in scent and more. My cat companion is salivating, and I laughed. I grabbed a large hind leg, and got some belly meat as well. I gestured to her, \"Go ahead. You deserve it.\". She pounced in a flash and stole the rest of the boar for herself, eating hungrily. We happily ate dinner, and I went to bed upon my mat, and the cat instantly curled around me, blocking the wind and cold from most of the sides, with the fire facing us. I smiled to myself, seeing stars through the canopy, and dreamland approached me quickly.[Chapter 3] I and my cat companion woke up to a misty, cool morning, noticing that the fire had gone out some hours ago presumably. I sweeped over some dirt over the doused pile as I got up, stretching my body, getting the creaks out, while the cat groomed her chest, and scratched out a itch. I hummed, \"Hey, girl. Do you have a name?\". The cat nodded happily at that. \"Ok. So, a nod is yes, while a shake is no. I got it. Does it start with A?\". A shake. \"B?\". Again, a shake. I continued on, herself shaking her head, until I pinpointed at 'O'. We continued the routine until I finally connected the letters to her name. \"Otaga? I like it. It's a good name.\". I complimented surely. Otaga purred happily at that. I noticed that the sun was coming up through the trees, and I leapt up on Otaga. \"Come on, girl. Let's find your family, Otaga.\". Otaga yowled excitedly and ran in a flash as I held on. I laughed loudly, as we followed the sun, and suddenly came into the beach a couple of hours later. With the sun at our backs, and following the shoreline, we continued on, with the breeze upon our faces. Some hours later, we stopped upon a lush valley, hungry for some lunch. I ate the belly boar meat I had saved in a manmade pouch, but Otaga was unfortunately hungry. So, I suggested we hunt for her. Otaga nodded agreeably at that, and quietly, quickly, I came upon a pile of rocks, which hides Otaga from any prey. I crawled up, made hand glasses, seeing a healthy adult Ramu roosting upon a egg, a herd of doghorses nearby, and at a pond, is a group of weasels. I crawled down, to tell Otaga of the opportunities. Otaga wanted the Ramu vigorously. So, we made a plan. I was the one who had to steal the egg, while the Ramu was distracted by the weasels, and when the Ramu sees me carrying the egg, he'll chase me, and I'll lead him into the pile, where Otaga waits and pounces for the kill. We executed the plan almost perfectly. And I say, almost. Why? Because I didn't see the spring trap in front of me while I was running for my life from a angry, mad Ramu. Now, I am hanging upside down at 20 feet high, my right foot secured in a tight hoop of vine rope, with Otaga unable to reach me. \"Ok, I was fast for the Ramu, but not fast enough to dodge the trap. Why does these things happen to me?\". I muttered flustered as I grumbled and snorted. At least the egg is broken up into lunch for Otaga. Otaga is at last satisfied with her lunch, but trying to think how to help me. I heard a loud roar in the distance, and Otaga perked excitedly at that, seeming to recognize that roar. She roared back loudly, and she and the creature's roars kept communicating as it got closer and closer, until I saw a familiar cat and two humans I recognized. Chunky and Ugga and Eep! They all look older, especially Eep. Her figure has changed dramatically. I figured that she is a mother now and wife to Guy. Eep exclaimed, \"Otaga, there you are! We have been looking for you everywhere!\". As she double-leapt off Chunky and reunited with Otaga. Otaga nuzzled everybody furiously. \"Uhh, not to intrude into a lovely moment, but can someone get me out of this?! Please!\". I shouted down to them. Ugga saw me, and gasped as Eep shouted up to me. \"I'm coming!\". as Eep incredibly climbed the tree, and she got a stone knife from her belt, held it within her mouth, and reached the top where the vine rope originated at. She cut the rope with just one swipe of her knife, and I yelled as I fell down and down into a soft landing of fur. I glanced at Otaga who had caught me. \"Thanks for the save, Otaga, girl.\". I said gratefully, and Otaga purred, and licked me. \"Oi, that tickles!\". I laughed merrily. Ugga commented, \"Otaga seems to know you.\". I chuckled, \"We found each other. I was exploring a new place and got lost like her, and well, here we are!\". I petted Otaga on her cheeks gently. \"Who are you?\". Eep asked curiously as she joined me and Eep. I drew a hand through my hair, and smiled, \"The name is Vala. Yes, it's different, but hey, it's what I got.\". \"Any family?\". Ugga gently asked. \"Regrettably, I got separated. But I was surviving for 10 summers before now.\". I commented casually. The women was surprised at that, and introduced Chunky and themselves, explaining that the rest of the family's at the beach. I nodded at that, smiling that I realized that the Croods had obviously grew, as I saw the proof of Otaga as the daugher of Chunky, and Eep's obviously tied down with Guy and probably has children waiting. I rode Otaga as Chunky again was rode by Ugga and Eep, running to the beach. Will the rest of the Croods like me?[Chapter 4] We got to the beach in quick time, and I recognized Grug, Guy, and the flame-coloured Bearowl they call Jinre. With some surprise, I barely recognized Thunk and Sandy. Thunk had developed into this broad-shouldered, lanky man. Sandy has developed into a gorgeous, lovely woman, with her hair now in a long ponytail, and she wears a fitting, grown dusk brown Ramu dress. Thunk's crocopup, Douglas had grown into a magnificent, handsome crocodog that is literally 10 ft long in length. Granny unfortunately had passed on, and the liyotes are gone despite the white albino called Shock that had grown into a big fella of 4 ft high, and is Sandy's pet. The land-whale had passed on as well. Belt is surprisingly still alive, pushing probably 14 years old. The additions to the Croods Family are Guy and Eep's children, and Thunk's girlfriend. The children is a boy and girl, born 3 years apart. The boy took to look like a mixed version of his parents. He received Guy's dark brown hair, Eep's dark green eyes, the skin tone a dark tan, and his stature took to be Guy's body type and he's agile like Eep. His name is Rampy. There was a incident with a Ramu some years earlier, and he received a scar from that and received his name from that. He is 9 years old. Rampy's sister is 6 years old, and looks like a mini version of Eep, with some obvious differences. She received Guy's muddy brown eyes, Ugga's dark crimson red hair. She's shockingly fast like Sandy was at her age of 5. Because of that skill, she is named Blink. Now, for Thunk's girlfriend, I wasn't supposed to know this woman but I did. She is 17 years old, her hair a golden blonde, with ice blue eyes, her skin tone a tanned bronze, and her height is 4 ft 9 inches high, and her body type is of a slim, agile runner. Her hair is tied back in a crude braid, and she is clothed in a tanned brown Bunny Beast furry dress. She obviously recognized me as well. I called out, \"Eve?\". Eve was the name of the woman who lived on my street, and was being fostered by a family 3 doors down. We went to school together and all, but that all changed when a fire destroyed my best friend and her family. The house survived but badly burned, still having these burns from what I remembered after. All the Croods looked at her and me back and forth, shocked still. Eve sighed, looked at me, smiled as she replied, \"Hi, old friend.\". I smiled widely as I ran up to her, and we hugged each other, reunited all after these years of loss and confusion. \"Vala, how do you know Eve?\". asked Eep out of nowhere. I pulled back, and I grinned, \"We were part of each other's families. She knew my family like I knew her family. We were old best friends. I thought I lost her long ago.\". Eve smiled at me, \"We will talk about that later in private, okay?\". I nodded, and I went to chat with everybody, having fun, and and planning where to go next. Guy and the other men went to scout the territory ahead while the rest of the Croods went on to hunt for dinner, with taking the children along. I was alone with Eve, and now I was finally able to find out why and how she got here. Eve gave me a coconut drink as she sat upon the log next to me, looking like she's trying to explain best as she wants to. \"Well, you remember Derrick, my foster brother?\". I nodded, \"Yeah?\" with a look of confusion. I remembered that boy, he was only 15 years old, he had that bad boy look, wild brown hair with light brown eyes. Eve sighed, \"He turned out to be a pyromaniac. That gang I told you about, they got him to do it upon a dare, and the fire went out of control from the backyard into the house. Derrick woke us up far too late, and I died, only remembering darkness and heat. Then, in limbo, I think, I was given a choice, and I thought of you and our wishes, and came here, born into a recently-dead family, and met Thunk & his family later on, and I had dreams of you in your clan, telling me that you're coming soon, and here we are.\". She finished casually with a wistful tone. I blinked again and again in shock and surprise. \"Wow. So, what did you tell the Croods?\". Eve smiled wryly, \"We got separated by a sea storm aka hurricane. They call it sea storms, weird, yeah?\". \"Definitely. It's great to see you again. I missed you so much, Eve.\". Eve laughed happily at that, \"It's great to have you here, Valafoot, or should I say, Vala?\". I chuckled, \"Vala, please.\". Eve nodded, and we chatted, catching up until we heard the Croods returning. Upon a crudely-made mat of leaves and such, I went to sleep, Eve sleeping with Thunk, Grug with Ugga, Eep with Guy, and Sandy sleeping upon Chunky while Rampy sleeping upon Otaga, and little Blink sleeping upon Douglas. For some reason, I was attracted to Sandy, and couldn't stop thinking a bit about her before drifting off into dreamland. I wonder what she and I have in common.[Chapter 5] I got along well with everybody else, and Eve happily introduced me to the Croods rituals. Since marriage isn't a word here, it is instead 'bond mating'. It is much done like birds, only on land. Grug and Ugga had done it upon their day, as well as Eep and Guy, through Guy calls the couples 'mates' by courtesy of remembering what his parents said in lessons long ago. Eve and Thunk call themselves 'new bonders' which is a term for girlfriend/boyfriend here. There is a hunting ritual which happens every week upon the fifth sun, and all the Croods go out as a team to hunt a series of prey. Occasionally, it's a herd of Horse-Dogs, or Girelephants. More often, it's a solo or duo Ramu or Turkeyfish. Rarely, it's giant boar. The giant boar that Otaga caught was a juvenile, for the adult ones I saw with the family, they are heck huge! Blink and Sandy is very excellent at corralling our chosen prey, which greatly impresses me. Eep and Guy upon Jinre on one side of the prey while Grug and Ugga upon Chunky on the side. I,, Eve, and Thunk with Otaga poised for the killing, and we strike. Most times, we succeed, and fail other times. Rampy and the rest of the animals stand sentry as we secure the kills, and we get back to camp, saving leftovers for other days while we feast that day. I hang out with Sandy the most, since she caught my eye. We found that we love swimming, and fishing. When we wrestle, Sandy wins, thanks to her genes from her father, through I always let her win, for I love to see her beautiful brown eyes sparkle in joy and triumph. For two full moon journeys, I slowly came to care for her greatly. I care for the others well, but I care for Sandy more. Ironically, since the other men of the family noticed that I had feelings for Sandy, they gave me the 'hurt me if she gets hurt' routine, I came to respect the Croods more and more every week. Unfortunately, everything changed upon one day, a mere 5 moon journeys after I met the Croods. It was a usual day. We were at the beach, planning our day. The men was planning to scout out the herds in the plains behind us, while the women was teaching the kids how to make clothes and such. It was sunny in early sunrise, suddenly it got dark quickly, with a earthshake. We all yelled, trying to check over everybody, and grabbing rides upon the animals when Blink asked out of nowhere, pointing to the sea. \"It's growing.\". she said curiously. I looked over with Eve, and I widened my eyes. Tsunami! Eve shouted, \"Run! It's a riser!\". All of us scattered but it was too late, too fast. The waves was so terrifying, a feeling I had never felt ever in my life. I hardly could breath, my lungs screaming for life, pain everywhere, seeing dark, and nothing.[Chapter 6] -15 miles inland- A jungle area with a couple of waterfalls, echoing with laughter and joy. Yet, before the jungle upon a dry riverbed, laid a bruised young man, his clothes shredded, his skin covered in dirt, and his lungs breathed harshly. This man was Valafoot. A tiny pack of Wolf Hawks crowded over this man, screeching and howling as they check Vala if he is still alive. Suddenly, whoops came out of nowhere, and a duo of humans ran into the Wolf Hawks, snapping and growling. A young man by the age of 14 summers, dark-skinned, tall for his age, amber brown eyes, and dirty blond hair laughed out loud as he smoothed down his clothes, a large stitched dusty brown Wolf Hawk cloth, with a necklace of sharp Jackrobat fangs. \"I love this, sneaking up on Wolf Hawks, don't you think, Pagi?\". The said Pagi is another young man by the age of 12 summers, sun-tanned, wiry, stormy blue eyes, and messy ebony black hair. He chuckled, \"Yep, I sure do, Mund. And you still wonder why your sister wouldn't join us.\". He dusted off his clothes, which is a full dark brown Ramu cloth, with a necklace of a single juvenile Ramu horn. Mund called out, \"Hey, Pagi. You gotta see this. It's another one of us! I think he's still alive.\". He was hovering over Vala, wincing visibly at the bruises Vala held, and looking closely, Vala's right foot was covered in dried blood. Pagi sighed, and came over, and widened his eyes, \"What creature have done this?\". Mund muttered softly, \"He looks like he's badly hurt. We should take him back. Maybe Hasu has something to help this fella.\". Pagi nodded, and called Mund to grab Vala by the feet, while he grabbed Vala by the shoulders, and together, they carried Vala quickly into the jungle, heading to a time-worn cave in the eastern side of the jungle, where Pagi, Mund, and Mund's sister Hasu calls home. Mund called out, \"Hasu, you home? We got somebody here! He's still alive, but badly hurt.\". A sharp, female voice shouted out, \"You made me lose my concentration, Mund, you idiot brother!\". A dark-skinned, short, young lady of 11 summers old, amber brown eyes, and dark brown hair in a crude ponytail, clothed in a dark red Zeaver dress. This was Husa, the sister of Mund. Husa widened her eyes as she came out, seeing Valafoot held by her brother and Pagi. \"Bring him in, get him on your bed, Mund. We need to clean him out, check his wound.\". The boys bought Vala inside, laid him down, as Husa fetched a basket of herbs, and a large bowl of water. Vala was unconscious as his visible skin was scrubbed clean, and his wound was a single clash upon his right foot. Hasu flushed out the dry blood, and grabbed a few herbs to heal the wound steadily as they could. Husa finished, bandaged the clash up, and told the boys. \"Now it's only time to see if he can wake up on his own, and find out what happened.\". Husa commented airily. The boys nodded, and left, talking on plans to grab some lunch. Husa glanced over to Vala, \"You better be okay, mister.\". She left, heading to a nearby cave where her medicine and herbs was stored.[Chapter 7] (Valafoot's P.O.V.) Unfortunately, I wasn't all okay. I had a form of amnesia at the time I woke up in their cave. What did Sunrise call it? Oh, yes, retrograde. I couldn't remember my memories before the tsunami. I presumed that something had hit me in the dangerous waters. I was introduced to Pagi, Mund and Hasu, and my right foot had a limp which is healing from the clash it received. A few days had passed until my memories came back like a broke dam, flooding into my brain all at once. I finally introduced myself and explained everything of what happened before I came upon their home. Pagi, and the others was reluctant to leave their home, but they really wanted to help me, their newest friend. I've found out their parents died in one of the cracks of the earth shakes that happened upon years ago. We traveled for days when we came upon a clan of punch-monkeys and to my surprise, Otaga and Blink. I happily reunited with them. The trio was a bit wary of Otaga, but got eventually used to her once they found that they really liked the ride. We kept on, riding and hunting every day for a week, when we heard familiar calls. The shells! Otaga roared loudly as we got closer and closer. We heard barks and a roar. We reunited happily with Rampy, Ugga, Douglas, and Jinre. Otaga was happy to be back with her mother, as Blink was happy to see her grandmother and brother. Douglas was particular happy to see me again, for I and Thunk often played sticks with Douglas over the time I spent with the Croods. The trio was surprised to see more people, and nervous for they haven't been with other people since their parents until now. We rode again for a couple days after rest, calling with the shells. Soon, we fully reunited with the rest of the Croods. Grug, Guy, Eep, Sandy, Eve, and Thunk, and Chunky. Unfortunately, we had two losses in Belt, and Shock. Guy was particularly upset with losing Belt since he practically was raised with Belt all his life before he met the Croods. Sandy was sad for Shock, for she loved him well. We had traveled miles of uncharted terrain before we all reunited, and we found ourselves trying to figure out what to do. Do we keep chasing the sun for new days ahead, or settle in a safe, good place to raise the kids and grow as well? Grug and Guy was the co-heads of the Croods, and they privately talked before they eventually agreed that since Guy had technically traveled the most and knew the world before he came into our lives, he should lead us to a high, safe, plentiful place he knew of. Of course, it had been seasons since he had been there, but with slowly steady memories of the terrain, Guy led us over a week, and the Croods came to fully know the trio, and the trio the same as well. To my pleasure, Sandy and I had confessed our feelings, and we became 'new bonders', and Thunk and Eve became 'soon-mates'. We found out that Jinre was expecting another litter, much to Chunky's ear-piercing roars of joy. On the way, upon a freshwater pond, to have rest and water, Douglas had found a rather gorgeous female croc dog. She is raven black with gray stripes, and she has orange-red eyes. She seemed to take to me the most, and I found that she loved baths, and particular to to eating big frogs. I named her Beso in honor of Belt and Shock. To the Croods' amusement and joy, Douglas and Beso became mates. We finally came upon our new home, Guy's remembered place. It had a ridge of plentiful trees, nearby is a large lake, with low-down plains at the south, and a large meadow of rolling hills at the east. Guy vaguely called it 'Paradise Ridge'. It was very well-named as we settled down pretty quickly. The Trio with expertise of building beds, did the bedwork while Guy with Grug and Eep's help, made shelters over the beds. The other women went to check the lake, while I and Thunk explored the ridge. We found that the trees was full of Jackrobats and mousephants, and the trees themselves bloomed of strange fruits that tasted like a mix of mango and apple to me. We came back to the meadow, the sheltered beds all ready and excellent. The kids was playing with the pets, while the other women returned with a story discovery of big frogs, eel otters, zeavers, and walrogs at the lake. They saw that the plains contained weasels, and wolf hawks, and hare lizards. We went to bed with the stars above us and the moon just at the ridge, with the pets in sentry. Finally, we are settled, and the family had grew and we had losses, but now we're safe, covered with food, water, and shelter. We're all the Croods, no matter where we had come from or who we are.[Chapter 8] (Sunrise's P.O.V.) Valafoot had certainly some adventures with the Croods. A few moon journeys had passed by as Chunky and Jinre's litter had been born. A pair of twins. Two boys. The eldest had his father's body and features, but received his mother Jinre's flame coloured pelt, and his eyes opened to be pale blue eyes. Pagi was quite taken with him, so he named him Kahi, in honor of his long lost father. Kahi's younger brother had Jinre's body and features, but received Chunky's tricolored pelt, and his eyes revealed to be dark green eyes. Rampy and he had become quite best friends, and Rampy named him Graky in honor of Granny and his eyes. Thunk and Eve became 'bond mates' at last. The Croods continued the hunting ritual, and added a couple more rituals thanks to the trio's experiences. The 1st ritual was the moon uniting which was the Croods making offers for the moon's mate which is the sun. It happens every full moon. The 2nd ritual is growing herbs and medicine each season. Hasu is the medicine lady of the Croods, and training Eve as well. Since then, over a number of summers, the Croods grew once more, with Thunk and Eve having a child, a daughter. She is a beauty that takes after Eep and Eve's looks, and is rather passionate with the pets, playing and learning. She's called Temia. She received Thunk's light brown eyes. And Douglas and Beso had a litter of four, two boys and two girls. The boys look like Douglas with red-orange eyes. The only difference is that each had a birthmark in a different area. Respectively called Uno and Misu by Mund and Vala. And the girls look like Beso with different eyes. The eldest girl had pale green eyes, while the youngest received blue-brown eyes. Hasu and Sandy named them respectively; Piva and Viran. Valafoot and Sandy became 'bond mates', and Pagi, and Hasu became 'new bonders'. For Mund, he got to be a 'new bonder' with a girl that the Croods met beyond the ridge. Her name is Wind, for she seems to move with the wind when she runs. She wore a deep tan Pear Monkey dress. She has shoulder-high black hair, and deep brown eyes. Valafoot told me that he didn't expect everything to be so incredible, but I told him that his chosen world is a alternate world of ours, just very hybrid-different. He accepted that, and asked me to look after the family in the portal for him. I said yes, and he is now home, happy, his newfound family growing, and safe. ","Summary":" Hi, my viewers. Did you all have a great Christmas and New Year's Eve? Mine was quiet yet busy. Fin"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"I Feel You, I See You","Author":"Lost-In-Existence888","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7297858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 \"Moving Away\" I own nothing but Faith Clark and her family. I love this movie so I'm trying my best. Read and Review please. Faith's p.o.v \"Get up\" my annoying brother chucked a pillow at my head. \"Ugh what time is it?\" I groaned. \"7:00 am moving day finish packing now or mom will kill you\" Vick warned me. I arose aimlessly and finished packing my bags and other stuff when my over cheery mother walked in. \"Ahh moving day from Minnesota to Connecticut\" she said. \"Yea the day I lose all of my friends and everything I love dearly to me\" I complained. \"Oh don't worry you'll find another Jesse in Connecticut\" she mentioned my now ex boyfriend. My dad rushed down the hall and entered my room. \"No she won't I mean… yea um…\" he yelled dashing down the stairs. \"Oh don't listen to him. You'll find another guy best friend\" my awkward mom hugged me. \"Yea whatever what's the dreaded day I start socializing in school\" my mouth trembled over the hated word. \"Well about two weeks after we get all settled in\" she said gripping my neck in a freaky, loving way. She heard a huge smash and ran to Vick's room. He smashed a picture with his basketball by throwing it at the wall. I finished packing and said my good byes with the obsessive lecturing in the background. \"Jesus I hate them\" Vick said hiding in my room. \"Yea you should know not to throw that stupid thing in the house\" I yelled. \"Now baby sister why the attitude\" he threw his arm over me. \"Its moving day I lose everything\" I sat on my empty bed. \"You know what it's not so bad. Sure you lose everything close to you but you get to start over and gain more\" he said trying to help. \"I guess your right for once in your life\" I agreed. I walked down and grabbed a cereal bar which was one of the remaining items in our kitchen. My family ran downstairs bags and all as the huge moving truck pulled in our driveway. I gave them my boxes and watched them gather all the rest. Vick threw his basketball at me playfully. I threw it back and it bounced off his nose. \"That does not come in the van with us\" I laughed. \"Why not?\" he pouted. \"Because you'll kill us with it and have a big empty house to live in all alone\" I joked. \"Hmm cool I can bring girls in no problem\" he laughed. \"Your disgusting dude\" I crinkled my nose at his perverted mind. \"Well now Faith you are 15\" he began. \"Yes and staying a virgin\" I yelled. \"Ok then you clean little girl\" he joked. \"Yea your 17 that's not right either\" I yelled. \"Whatever\" he slouched. Our parents came back in the house and signaled me to come outside. There stood the blonde haired Jesse with a fake smile on his face. I ran over and hugged him good bye. \"I'll miss you Faith\" he said. \"I'll miss you too\" I replied. \"Hopefully we can keep in touch\" he wondered. I nodded as he drove off on his motorcycle. \"I never liked him\" my dad muttered thinking I wouldn't hear him. We all glared at each other and got in the car. I put my head phones on and drifted back to sleep.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Lonely Arrival\" Jonah's p.o.v I stood looking out the window of my big empty house. I was still curious whether or not the Campbell family or any family would ever move here from all the trouble I've caused. I didn't mean to I wanted to show people that I was there, my story, my tragedy. I paced around the creaking, groaning house and I heard something pull in the driveway. I looked out upon a large looking car there was a name I just couldn't remember it a…van I think. We didn't have those in my time at all. I still remember if I ever did carry on or if I ever came back to life I'd probably start over at the age of 16 or 17. I saw 4 modernly dressed people come out of the large auto mobile. A boy looking about 17 came out of the back he had short dark brown hair that hung in his face, wearing a sports jacket and blue denim jeans, and then approached an older woman probably the mother wearing a green t shirt and blue denim jeans with black hair. Following along was the father in a gray hoodie and blue denim jeans with brown hair. Finally, approached the house a young girl about 15 wearing a black zip up hoodie with denim shorts that seemed a little shorter than they should be but hey it's what moderns wear. She had dark black hair that fell over her left eye. Something about her caught me she had beautiful big pale blue eyes. She had something on her head one of the Campbell's had them I think headphones…? I was highly amused and eager to welcome the family into my home. Sick or not I want them to see that I'm here not the charred burnt me but the real me. They opened the door and I hid by the wall. One by one they walked in. \"Uhh dad we bought a dump of a house\" the boy said. \"Vick you can paint your room plus we're adding new furniture\" the father remarked. In came the girl I stepped out to examine her. \"Faith take off the headphones!\" her mother yelled. She looked around the house and walked up the stairs the family followed her upstairs and I snuck behind them knowing they wouldn't see me. The boy entered the room where Billy Campbell stayed. The mother and father entered where the parents stayed. The girl wondered down the hall and entered my room. I followed her cautiously and I stood by my doorway. She looked around and a smile crossed her face. \"Everyone found a room ok?\" the father approached. \"Faith you want this one?\" the mother asked. \"Yea it's pretty cool\" she answered. \"You're painting it still right?\" her mother asked disgusted. \"Yea of course\" the girl answered. \"Good start with that creepy tree\" the mother glared. \"Actually when I paint my room black I want to repaint that tree\" she said. \"Huh you like that creepy thing?\" she yelled. \"Yea it's different so I won't rid of it\" she said. I watched as the jars of paint moved in and the girl, Faith I just watched her paint over my walls with a dark black color. She looked at the tree and painted over it making it look like a dead silver, she painted over the birds but she kept the shape of the tree. I wondered how she could paint so well. I watched her add green grass at the bottom and paint white/silver stars around the distance. When she was done I looked around the room it was beautiful like a night scenery of my room. I began to think that I'll like staying here with her. Then the furniture came in new beds, couches, appliances everything. The movers carried the girl's large double bed with rainbow colored zebra print sheets. They carried in her new dresser and mirror but she denied the new mirror. She wanted my old mirror. This made me happy that she seemed interested in my room I started thinking we'll be good roommates except I don't sleep. Dark black dressers entered the room and she began painting the closet a blue like color. I went to explore the other rooms. The brothers was painted like a football field as he called it and the parent's room dark sienna red. I never realized how creative these moderns were. I noticed as the family walked downstairs to set up the appliances their daughter Faith just sat on her bed staring out the window. I wondered if she liked to be alone. Solitude I think it's called. She seemed so peaceful there just examining her surroundings. I was so curious by her I didn't care about the other family members for Faith was the one that really made me curious. The things that she does like dance around listening to music make me laugh. Finally about two hours later she walked down for dinner. She sat at the dreaded table where I used to do séances. I watched her just put her head in her hands and glare at the table. \"What's wrong sweetie\" her mom said putting a dish down. \"I'm not quite used to it here yet\" she muttered. I glanced to her brother as he stuffed his face with food. He talked with his mouth full and his sister just winced with a gross look on her face.[Chapter 3] Chapter \"Silent Sights\" Jonah's p.o.v. Faith walked upstairs after dinner. She shut the door with a loud creak. At first she jumped. \"Talk about old door\" she joked. \"K now what do I do now that I'm here. I have no one to talk to I already listened to music\" she sat down on her bed. I glanced under the bed and found an old bouncy ball. I decided to roll it out to her just to see what she'd do. \"Oh where'd that come from hmm… it'll work\" she fell to the floor to grab it. I watched her as she stared at it and then looked at the wall. She jumped back to her bed and threw it at the wall. It bounced back and she caught it. I observed her doing this for about 10 minutes then it smacked her in the face. I couldn't help laughing at her stand and rub her cheek. \"Screw you\" she threw it at the wall like a child then it hit her again. \"Ouch my face you're painful\" she talked to the object and carefully put it in the nightstand drawer. \"Are you ok we heard a big bang\" Vick rushed up the stairs. \"Yea I hit myself in the face with a bouncy ball\" she whined. \"Wow are you stupid\" he said running down the hall. She sat back down on her bed kicking her feet aimlessly. She stood and grabbed the bouncy ball and bounced it off the floor. I carefully sat next to her hoping she wouldn't see me. She bounced it up and it smacked the ceiling and flew back down. I watched as she took cover on the floor. \"Ok I'm not killing myself\" she grabbed it and put it back. \"Hey retard catch\" her brother flashed in throwing his basketball. She chased after him and he hid in the doorway. He flew out and threw her over his shoulder. \"Ahh let me go creeper\" she laughed flinching around. Vick began bobbing down the stairs and the two parents went ballistic. \"Put her down and go away\" they yelled. They both stood in silence and then bust out laughing. She took the basketball and ran upstairs. I watched as the chased each other but she ran in our room and locked the door. \"Give it back\" he yelled. She carefully opened the door, threw it at his face and then locked the door. She collapsed on the bed and stared at the ceiling. \"K hmm… now what?\" she asked herself. I carefully grabbed the bouncy ball and bounced it in front of her; her eyes grew wide at seeing the object bounce on its own. I stared at her and she looked frightened. I gently passed it to her. Cautiously she hesitated before picking it up. She rubbed her eyes and bounced it. I signaled my hands then realizing that she couldn't see me I clapped. Her eyes blinked at the sound. She glanced around the room curious about the noise. I clapped repeatedly to get her attention. She stared at me well to her she was staring at nothing. She looked at the ball and bounced it over to me. She watched me catch it. She kept rubbing her eyes. \"Ok bouncy balls don't just float\" she assumed her voice shaky. I tossed it back to her and he caught it. I noticed her hands shaking with fear. I clapped again and she threw it back. \"Who's there?\" she asked. I hesitated to answer at first. She tilted her head. \"Ok I'm crazy\" she guessed. I bounced it over to her and she grabbed it. \"How the hell is this happening\" she spazzed. \"I must be losing it\" she shook her head. \"So your not playing anymore?\" I whispered. I waited to see if she was going to answer but her eyes grew huge and she seemed very scared, worried uhh… antsy. \"Are you playing catch still?\" I asked. \"Who's there where are you\" she looked around the walls. \"I'm right here\" I moved closer to her. \"Vick if that's you screwing with me I swear to god\" she panicked. \"Please wait I'm not here to hurt you\" I begged her. \"Who the hell are you\" her eyes began to tear. \"It depends do you believe in me?\" I asked. \"It depends what are you\" her voice shook. \"I'm a ghost\" I answered. \"Than yea but…\" she stopped. \"My name is Jonah\" I answered putting out my hand. I grabbed hers and shook her hand. \"Can you feel me\" I sat in front of her. \"Kind of what do you want?\" she stuttered. \"Don't worry I'm not here to hurt you. Do me a favor go up in the attic and look where the floor boards break and grab a box\" I asked of her.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"Mysterious Meeting\" Faith's p.o.v *I finally wrote more to this …I haven't suggested any songs for chapters yet but probably the next chapter...please review 3* I walked up to the attic wondering if what I was hearing was just my head messing up from my inhaler. I never used one until now. Well I never really needed one but I get really bad asthma attacks just from being startled. I headed to the attic looking for the supposedly broken floor boards. There it was the 3 broken up floor boards. I was so amazed that they were there. I carefully lifted one and under it was an old dusty looking box. Maybe I was having intuition but I don't get how this box would affect my future. I tried to grab it when all these maggots, spiders, etc. crawled up my arm. I flinched and slapped them all off. My breathing started getting really heavy I reached in my bag and shot my inhaler. My breathing slowed to normal. I took the box and snuck back into my room. As I entered I saw an indent on my bed as if someone was sitting there and the bouncy ball bouncing up and down on the floor beside my bed. I rubbed my eyes as the indent moved and I heard the floor boards creak as the figure walked over to me. I felt a fierce spot of cold and it clapped its hand as if directing me over to sit on the bed with it or him. \"Ok open it\" it whispered. I opened the box cautiously and pulled out pictures. I flipped through the disturbing pictures and the cold field stopped me on one. It was a boy sitting at a table holding hands with people with something coming out of his mouth. \"That is me\" the entity whispered softly. \"…so you are a boy\" I stuttered. \"Yes….I live here…in this house in your room\" he informed me. \"I'm going crazy\" I stood quickly. I felt the spot of cold arise and walk closer to me… \"I can see you\" I felt it brush against my arm. \"Ok what do I look like\" I clenched my teeth. \"You have long black hair…pale skin…and pretty blue eyes\" he toiled with my hair. I flinched away staring around my room and ran down the stairs. Soon enough I slammed into my brother. \"What the hell is wrong with you!\" he grabbed my shoulders. My chest tightened…my throat swelled and I couldn't breathe…I began to panic. Vick quickly grabbed my inhaler and gave it to me. In a few minutes I caught my breath…but began coughing. \"Are you alright? You look like you saw a ghost\" he panicked. \"Don't even say that it's not funny\" I breathed heavily. \"Ok?\" he said my parents rushing up the stairs behind him. \"Oh my Faith sweety are you alright?\" my mother hugged me tightly. \"Yeah…fine\" I rubbed my forehead. \"Well come eat supper\" my father gestured me. \"I'm not hungry thanks\" I sighed. I continued carefully back down the hallway…and slightly opened my door. I shook my head and walked in. I sat carefully on my bed thinking….What did I hear? Why was I hearing it? \"You can't see me can you?\" I heard a whisper right next to me. I shot up off of my bed and walked backwards to my door…I looked at the doorknob and saw the lock click. Tears flushed my eyes as I was locked in with an entity…I backed over to the window. \"I don't want to hurt you…can you see me?\" he asked me. I backed to the wall I felt the entity brush against me…grasping my wrists gently. \"Can you…see me\" he whispered in my ear. \"No I can't see you\" my voice shook. His grip released…and I felt him back away. \"Am I supposed to see you\" I stepped closer. \"I wish you could\" he sighed. \"But I have a feeling you will\" his voice perked. \"What do you mean\" I asked. \"You need to be in a certain state to be able to see me\" he tried to explain. \"But I don't get what you mean\" I shrugged. \"I want you to see me…and you will …soon…it's not a good thing to be able to see me…but you will\" he told me. \"Why isn't it a good thing\" I wondered. \"It just isn't ok….I know you will…from your condition…I'm sorry\" he said. \"What do you mean?\" I yelled. \"….It means I'll see you soon\" he told me. I became confused and lay in my bed. The sky turned dark…as I plugged in my IPod. My eyes slightly closed…then a shot of cold entered my body. I shot up quickly and my breathing began getting heavier. As I looked closer I saw a slight smog of my breath skim from my mouth. I see a tall man stand at the foot of my bed. He's dressed formally…a little on the elder side…with round glasses and facial hair. He looks like a man from older times. Then beside him a boy …with black shaggy hair hung in his face…wearing a gray jacket…black slacks and black loafers. The boy is what caught my eye. His facial expression looked as if he knew me and was sorry for me…I looked into his bright green eyes as he mouthed \"It's time\" I felt my chest get heavy…my throat swelled…an excruciating pain entered my head and chest…I reached for my inhaler to see it in the older man's hand. I flew forward to get it from him…a smile slid across his face as he held it away. I glanced to the boy as tears streamed from his eyes….I became faint and blacked out.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 \"Tumbling Trust\" *The song for this chapter is \"Stop and Stare\" by One Republic…please review and subscribe…any questions go for it* Faith's p.o.v. I felt myself slowly breathe in a huge gasp of air fill my lungs. I see…a light…as I look at myself in a valley, a courtyard? There by a grave…I see the boy in the room with me last night. He approaches me… \"You finally get to see me…it's not your time yet\" he smiles brightly. I don't say a word for I am too shocked to speak. He grasps my hand gently and tilts my chin up to him. A large grin smears across his face…\"Welcome home Faith\" he says. Those final words and my eyes slowly open…a bright light over my head. I see a slight clear bar under my nose…helping me to breathe. My mother in tears, my father holding her, and my brother staring to the ground. \"Where am I?\" I stutter slightly. \"Oh thank goodness\" my mother flails her arms around me. \"You had a terrible asthma attack in the middle of the night…we didn't find you until 2 hours later…you were blacked out\" she wipes her eyes. \"Stupid mother didn't want to get up…father was asleep downstairs…so 'I' found you\" Vick stated. \"No…\" \"If I never would've found her you would've waited for you beauty nap to end and she would've been dead!\" Vick yelled. \"Don't use that tone with your mother\" my dad yelled. \"You weren't even home and you didn't answer the phone!\" Vick screamed right back. My dad took my mom and stormed out of the hospital. \"Like you weren't even there\" Vick mumbled. The doctor walked in holding his clipboard. \"…Oh alright well…you had a pretty bad attack last night…you're very lucky you made it through...although we may need to look further into this…and also you'll need to wear an oxygen mask when you sleep\" he noted. \"You mean...I need it\" I asked. \"Let's say if you have another attack you most likely will die\" he said. Vick and I exchanged glances as the doctor told him to leave the room while he gives me an IV. He gave it to me and my skin flinched…\"Ok let me go get the reports and I'll be back\" he left. I glanced aimlessly around the room…all of a sudden straight in front of me was that boy! I became fidgety and sat up quickly. \"You see me now…don't you?\" he smirked in a flirty way. I nodded yes…too afraid to speak. The doctor walked in right past him! \"Ok…here are your reports now with the new medication you will be taking…symptoms include drowsiness, loss of taste, etc. oh and if you start hallucinating come talk to me so we can change it\" he notified me. \"….Yeah umm…can u step to your right\" I asked. The doctor, confused stepped right through the boy! \"Why?\" he asked me. \"I wanted to see if I had vision in both of my eyes\" I thought quickly. The doctor moved and Jonah had a devilish smile on his face. I glanced to him with a worried look on my face. My parents and my brother came back in the room. The doctor gave them the oxygen mask…etc. All around me was blurry all but the boy and his green eyes. They stared kindly to me…why was he following me? What did he want from me? Does he have another place to go? Why is he here with me? The boy smiled shyly and glanced to the ground. \"I'm Jonah\" he smirked back to me his face flushing a slight red. \"Faith\" I said awkwardly…my parents and everyone looked over to me. \"Why'd you say you're name sweety?\" my mother asked. \"Oh…I have faith that I will be ok\" I made an excuse. The boy, Jonah glanced around the hospital and then over to my family…as if he didn't want them there…or to have the urge to please them. \"That's my family\" I said quietly. \"I know….you have your mother's eyes don't you?\" he asked me smiling. \"I guess I do\" I looked over to him. \"They look better on you though\" he turned to me. \"Thank you\" I glanced to the ground a light rose color flushed my face. As I looked up he was staring right at me smiling. \"Why exactly are you following me?\" I mouthed. \"I was always here since you moved in…you just never noticed…plus I want to keep an eye on my interests\" he realized on what he was saying and silenced himself. \"We'll keep her tonight and test the mask and send her home tomorrow\" the doctor over spoke. My parents kissed me and my brother hugged me. They left and the boy took a seat across from me. \"They your house interests too…why didn't you follow them home\" I questioned. \"They're not at my 'best' interest\" he smiled to me. \"But I'm fine here…they hate each other they could kill each other while I'm gone\" I joked. \"Again as I said you're on my 'top interest' watch list right now\" he leaned back. \"Now I'm in a hospital with all these doctors…I'll be fine my family I don't know\" I stated. \"Again let me repeat myself…'You' are my top interest right now...\" he leaned forward. \"How? Or why?\" I crossed my arms. His face turned red and he glanced down at his shoes to smile. \"…You amuse me\" he smiled.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 \"Secured Sights\" *The song for this chapter is a really good song…\"People Are Strange\" by the Doors review, ask and subscribe* My eyes open again…the sky is dark and I lay in a hospital in one of those freaky gowns. I sit up and rub my eyes. As a car drives past the headlights gleam up through my window…the lights gleam into green eyes across from me. \"Sweet dreams?\" Jonah arises. \"Yeah….you're still here\" I noticed. \"I guess you didn't take the hint that I wasn't leaving\" he looked out the window. \"I guess I didn't\" I look over. \"I definitely don't want to sit here though\" I sat up straight. \"Well…we could walk around I guess\" he turns and looks down to me. \"Around a hospital\" I looked at him weirdly. \"You have to get used to what you're going to see sometime right?\" he glanced to me sweetly. \"What do you mean\" I asked. \"Come on we'll walk\" he outstretched his hand. \"Not going to work is it?\" I smiled. He raised his eyebrows, smiled, grabbed my hand, and pulled me up. \"Wait…I thought_\" I stood shocked. \"That I couldn't actually touch you, now that you see me, I can\" he smiled. \"Come on\" he tugged my arm. We walked out into the hallway…I couldn't believe my eyes! I saw an old man on a machine and walking beside him a figure of an old woman. \"That's his wife you see she died a long time ago\" Jonah told me. My eyes grew wide…a little girl walked by dragging a small boy with her. \"That fellow is an old friend of hers\" he continued. A regular woman giving birth in the room…we glanced through the window and saw a man in an army uniform. \"He died in war…now he's seeing his baby being born\" Jonah told me. \"How am I seeing this?\" I asked him. \"You see you're in a state…of health let's saying the ones close to death see us\" he turned away. \"Wait! You mean I'm close to dying!\" I panicked. He tightly grasped my hand. \"No…but you were…and you might be later…I can't tell\" he turned to me. \"Great\" I sighed. \"Don't think so negative…uh oh rush time\" he pointed to a crowd rushing down the hall. He smiled and grabbed my arm and we walked forward. As a doctor was about to walk right through our hands Jonah lifted our arms, spinning me as if we were dancing. \"So I take it you won't dance with me\" he smiled. \"In the middle of a hospital I don't think so\" I looked to the ground. \"Then I'll make you\" he lifted me onto his feet. He spun me around and lead us all through the hospital…I was inattentive to all around us the only thing that made sense was looking up to his smile and bright green eyes. We saw my doctor coming back and we flashed back into my room. Jonah stood panicky by the door holding it closed until I got back in the bed. The doctor opened the door and I watched as Jonah buttoned his gray jacket. It never seemed modern to wear the kind of clothing he was, but it was different. With the doctor I saw the figures of an older woman, a younger woman, an older man, and a young boy. The older people came over, saw me, crinkled their noses and spit on me! Jonah looked furious and walked over to them \"Excuse me Mr. And Mrs. Barley I'd appreciate it if you'd show some respect for her\" he looked to them. Mr. And Mrs. Barley, the doctor's parents. They glanced at me something evil and spit ectoplasm at me! Luckily Jonah stood in front of them…and got it all over his jacket. The doctor spoke something and then left ghosts and all. Jonah was disgusted and sat down. \"I'm sorry\" I said. \"Its ok they just weren't nice\" he crinkled his nose. \"I could wash it when I get home\" I offered. \"Its ok I just won't wear it or my shirt…because there's ectoplasm there too great\" he smiled. He took off his jacket and shirt and laid himself across the chairs. \"Sorry if my shirtless-ness is bothering you\" he laughed. \"Its fine but I'm still bored as ever\" I laid back. \"I'll have to teach you sometime right?\" he stood up. \"Teach me what?\" I sat back up. \"How to dance because you're hopeless\" he laughed and grabbed my hand. He spun me in circles and pulled me close to him. \"See its fun to dance …well from what I know\" he looked down to me intimately. \"Yeah I guess\" he spun me back out… Although, this time I lost my footing and collided with the floor…floor meet face. Jonah looked down and sat on the ground with me. \"Are you alright?\" he giggled. \"Yeah I'm just a klutz\" I said. \"No you're just clumsy\" he smiled. \"Hun that's what klutz means\" I looked over to him. \"Oh sorry I'm not quite from your whole modern time\" his face turned red. \"Its ok\" I smiled standing up. I jumped back into the bed right when I saw the doctor's shadow at the door. \"Hi…ok let me see…I'll hook you up to the mask and a little something to make you fall asleep\" he handed all of this over. He slipped me sleeping medication, and put the mask on and I was out like a light. I was aware of feeling and hearing what was going on around me. I heard the door shut…but still felt the cold mist of Jonah's presence. \"Jonah! I told you not be here! Let's go!\" I heard a man yell. \"I'm sorry sir\" he said. \"Let's go!\" the man yelled. I felt the air stop as Jonah removed the oxygen mask from me…I felt the cold tingle as his lips touched mine. He gently put the mask back on and I was out again…I find it sweet that he cares. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 \"Moving Away\" I own nothing but Faith Clark and her family. I love this movie so I'm tr"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"I Need A Hero","Author":"Wolfis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8045922","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey people! I'm Jen, or wolfy. This isn't my first fanfiction but it is the first one I've done in YEARS! I managed to get back in since my drawing got rusty and my old writing was incredibly bad. I had to redeem myself. No joke, my inner grammar nazi went nuts. This is literally what one says.(Note. It's a naruto sleep over story) I was about to open the door when the door when Brianna and Katie(2 of my totally random friends like to do yaoi in the halls at our school just to be dumb...did I mention itz a private christian school?) Bri:Hey sexy?Me:D*nm I am sexy(She cosplays as naruto and I'm itachi and katie is sasuke so itz a triangle)Kat:What about me?Me:Go find bubalicious bubble gum or barbie I'm sure they think I look at the door and see a boy and a girl lookin like this0_:Hello who r u guys?(that soundid kinda rude)Guy:I'm Riku.(boyz thiz iz ur character)Girl:And I'm Kimiko but u can call me kimi if u want.(galz this is ur character)Me:Alright I will come in if u like make ur self :Hey is Shino here yet?Me:Wow u r :Shut up at least I wasnt a sasu fangirlMe:Okay1.I faked it and 2 at least I dont cosplay as :U cosplay as his bro and your not even emo.(soory 2 any itachi fanz) So…how's your brain after that? You see why I needed to redeem myself? I was in middle school and must have thought it was cute. Famous back then but it's over. I already wrote a chapter for a sequel but it's on my laptop. Before I let you read I have to say that I am a CHRISTIAN! This story is fully fiction(As it should be to get on this website.)May he forgive me for this story does not glorify him at all. I pray he may use this story to do so however and prove me wrong even though this story will have things fully against the Bible. Anyway enough talking! Time for the story! Disclaimer! All rights belong to their owners ! Only thing that is mine is anything occurrence or character that is not in the original script. 'So sleepy' We were driving for hours from the hospital. I was leaning back onto the seat with my best friend matt napping next to me with his head on my lap. I look up when I hear Sarah speaking. \"Please, God, don't make him suffer. Please make it work. Ne-\" Matt interrupts her and says, \"You hear that talking to yourself is the first sign to losing it.\" \"I was not talking to myself. I was talking to God.\" \"Well threatening the creator of the universe is like…..step two. That can't be good.\" I smirk at Matt and lightly flick his head. \"I was letting him know, simply, how precious you were to me.\" I then look at Matt. \"You should be more sensitive to your mother, Matt.\" \"Thank you, Rikki.\" \"Welcome, Sarah!\" After a few seconds of silence Matt then sits up covering his mouth. \"You gotta pull over, mom. I think I'm gonna be sick.\" \"Very funny.\" Matt then tenses up as I look at Sarah with an alarmed look. \"No! He's serious! Pull over!\" She then looks back at him then turns her attention back to the road and pulls over. \"Whatev- you two, just stay in the car.\" Going against matt's wishes, I grab a clean rag and a water bottle and rush out the car and toward matt. \"I thought I told you to stay in the car, Rik-\" Matt was then cut off by another round of puking. I smile sadly and rub his back. \"Matt, you know I never listen. \" After Matt stopped puking, I handed him the rag and water bottle. Matt nods, in thanks and uses the water to rinse out the residue left from leftover gall, and the rag to wipe off his mouth. I then, gently, take hold of his arm and lead him into the car. Inside the car, Matt lays his head back on my lap. With the arm closest to him I rub his back, soothingly. I look down at my friend and think, 'He really doesn't deserve this...\" *Later* In my sleep I hear an incoherent voice call me. I awake and realize it's Sarah trying to wake me up. I sit up and look around to realize we're back at the house. I also find Matt already out of the car. I apparently slept the rest of the way home. \"How long was I asleep?\" \"Three hours.\", Matt replied. My eyes widen in surprise. \"How in hell's name did I manage to sleep for three straight hours?\" Sarah gave me a stern look. \"Language, Rikki.\" \"Sorry, Sarah…..but seriously…how did I sleep that long?\" Matt then stepped in. \"It was probably because you haven't slept in the last twenty eight hours.\" \"Did I? I honestly don't remember.\" I then shrugged and walked into the house with Sarah and Matt following me shaking their heads. It was four in the morning so Matt and I said goodnight to Sarah then headed to our room. Once I got in our room I dropped my bag on the dresser and started digging through it looking for my makeup remover. Looking through my bag I find my drivers license. I stare at my picture on the thin floppy card. I looked at my name, \"Rikki Valentine\". It must look weird when people realize I don't have a middle name. I then looked at the picture of me taken when I got the floppy peice of plastic. I looked so happy. I was basically beaming. My black hair was nicely done and shiny like usual. My tan skin was the envy of anyone girl tannign on the beach. My best feature was my golden brown eyes that shone brightly like the sun...ok who am I kidding? I'm a regular mixed chick. I'm only part East Indian. I'm pretty, according to many people, but I'm not a super model either. Although, I wasn't kidding about my tan skin tho. I can go from a pastey white chick to bronze skin in two weeks without burning. Only problem is tan lines. My boobs and other area are all white. In the mirror I notice Matt posing in a way outside the bathroom that his relection's elbow was leaning on my reflection's head. I pick up the closest object, which happend to be a wooden brush, and throw it at him. \"Ow! Did I deserve to get injured?\" \"Yes, Matthew. You did.\" \"Oh come on! It was not that mean.\" I huffed then started taking of my makeup. Once I finished, I changed into my boxer shorts. Not before Matt turned around. Such a gentleman. \"Go to bed, Matt.\" \"Fine. 'night, Rikki. *Next Morning* I wake up to the smell of pancakes and bacon. The smell of sweet delicious bacon is enough to get me out of bed. Not even being bed-ridden in a hospital could stop me from not eating bacon. The house knows that because I did it before. I hop out of bed and make a mad dash to the kitchen. Sarah laughs at my barbarianism as I drool from the aroma. \"Of course you would wake up if I cooked bacon.\" \"You know it pretty lady!\" I then wink at her and continue watching her cook. \"Flattery isn't going to get you more bacon.\" I sigh sadly and dragged my feet out the kitchen and into the dining room. I pull out a chair and lay my head on the table. \"You ok, Rikki?\" I look up to see Matt staring at me. \"I wanted more bacon, Matty.\", I say with an upset look on my face. \"Hey you can have my plate of it if you want it.\" My eyes beamed. \"Yes!\" I threw my fist in the air in victory. \"Considering your height you need it. You're a growing girl…or are you going to stay a midget?\", says Matt in a brotherly fashion. \"5'3 is indeed short but look at you! You're only 5'8! Least it's cute when a girl's short! Short men get their ass beat by dominant chicks!\" Wendy, who happend to just put down a plate of food on the table, laughs at my remark. Matt then gives me a glare and heads toward the kitchen to get water. I get up to help Wendy set the table. All three of us stop when we over hear Sarah say, \"Nobody plans on having a child with cancer.\" \"You know that's not what I meant.\" At this point we all make eye contact with Peter's father. \"I know.\" Matt moves past us and fast walks out the dining room. I follow him to the staircase where he sit's down. \"Matt…..I know it would be an incredibly stupid question to ask if you are all right bu-\" \"But what!\", Matt snaps at me. I then look at him with a shocked and sad expression on my face. Matt then sighs and pats the open space next to him on the stairs. I sit next to him then put my elbows on the stairs behind me and relax with my head facing forward. \"Rikki?\" \"Yeah?\" \"What was it like?\" \"Hmm?\"I then l look at him with an eyebrow arched. \"What was it like….. to be...dead?\" I then sit up and stare straight at the wall with a hard stare. Matt then looks away as if he was regretting the question. I put my hand on my shoulder and look him in the eye when he turns his head back toward me. \"Matt, you don't need to think about that now. Not until you're on your deathbed as an old man, surrounded by your loving family.\" \"But Rikki-\" \"Matt! I will not let this cancer claim you. I will die again just for you to live out your life. Unlike you, I don't have a family anymore. There's nothing here for me.\" \"Rikki, we're your fa\" Matt is interupted by a blonde haired boy that came out of nowhere. \"Hey guys, breakfast is ready!\", says Billie. \"BACON! Let's go, Matt!\" I hop up and give him a hand to get up. He takes my hand and shakes his head laughing. \"What is it with you and bacon?\" \" 'Tis scrumptious, my dear, Matthew!\" I say while dragging Matt down the hall. Once I reach the dining room I push Matt towards his chair then jump 5 feet from my current spot and land in my chair. \"RIKKI! Stop trying to break the furniture!\" \"Baconbaconbacon!\" I tuned them out and stared at the sweet plate of bacon. After we said grace Sarah then places a full plate of bacon in front of me. I look at her with eyes watering out of pure joy. I'm sure I was practically glowing. \"Sarah?\" \"Yes?\" \"I love you, you you you...you WONDERFUL WOMAN!\" Well that's the end of this chapter! What did you think? It could have been longer but I was on here from 5pm to 11:38pm. I know. Look up. It's short. I didn't have writers block but I do however have adhd. I can't concentrate worth jack. I'm gonna start writing chapter two an hour or two from when I'm writing this maybe. Currently talking to my piercing pretzel pal(I'll explain that later. Prob use the story behind that as inspiration.) and would like to give her my attention. Plus I took an exam today and am slightly sick of writing and would like to play on my xbox.(Btw my name on live is 'AWWWWYEAAHHHH' Anyway I hope you liked it! *Edit June 13th* Got bored and re-read this chapter. It needed serious tweaking, re-writing and different ideas.[Chapter 2] Heyo again! Totally new to this. I spent an hour trying to figure out how to post anything. I was incredibly confused. xD Still seems off with me but I'll get used to this place. Hopefully, it doesn't cause stress like quizilla did. It changed so much since I last wrote a story on there. Even then it still sucked. I joined/ read there before it was sold by the original owner. Whole reason I quit writing for so many years. Plus I was never good at writing stories back then. I think I still suck actually but I've improved a hundred times over compared to back then. XD \"Uggghhhh my stomach\" I groaned while lying on the floor. Matt and Billy laugh at me. \"That's why you shouldn't have eaten so much bacon, this morning.\", Wendy said chuckling while holding her book. I sit up and look at her. \"But it was calling me, Wendy! I wanted it! It said, 'Eaaaat usss! Let us make you fat so you can stay warm!' \" Wendy then gave me a blank stare and bluntly said, \"It's the middle of June.\" Matt then jumped in and said, \"You'd think she would've learned her lesson from two weeks ago. Bille also joined the conversation and said, \"How do you eat so much bacon that you can't get up and roll down a hill?\" I stare at them pouting. \"It was a REALLY steep hill!\" They all laugh at me while I pout. *Later* It was around nine at night and I was sitting on top of a tree branch stargazing. I always liked doing this with my brother when he was around. *Flash back to six years ago* (3rd pov) A girl with long black hair and tan skin and bright amber colored eyes was lying in the grass. She looked to be eleven years old. The most noticeable feature was the huge smile spread across her face, ending on each side of her chipmunk like cheeks. Next to her was a teenage boy who looked to be fourteen years old. He had emerald colored eyes, light skin and shaggy light brown hair. He also looked slim but one could tell he had some muscle. The two were in the middle of a field of green grass staring up at the night sky. \"Aiden?\", the tanned child asked. \"Yeah Rikki?\", the lighter skinned teen responded. \"Do you think mama's happy?\" He then sits up and looks at the child with a smile. \"She's in heaven, Rikki. I know she's happy. I'm sure she's doing her second favorite thing. Right now. Entertaining everyone with her wonderful dancing and singing.\" The little girl sat up and looked at the teen.\"But Aiden! Why only her second favorite thing?\" The teen smiles wider and hugs the little girl affectionately and says, \"Because loving you was her favorite thing to do.\" *End of Flashback* (1st pov) I look up at the sky with a smile on my face trying to fight back the tears. \"I couldn't have asked for a better brother.\" \"Hey, squirt! Who you talkin to?\" I look down to see Matt looking up at me in the tree. I smile then look back up at the sky. \"Just thinking aloud.\" \"About what?\" \"My brother.\" \"Oh…..\" I could tell by that Matt didn't want to speak further in fear of making me upset. I check my watch to realize two hours magically passed by. I decide that now would be a good time to go to bed. I hop off the tree and land near Matt. He runs over with a look mixed with worry and anger. \"You couldn't have climbed down! You could've broken something!\" I chuckle then shrug. \"You're worrying too much matt. I was only twenty feet up. I won't get hurt too badly from that distance if I land correctly.\" Matt sighs at my response then looks at me. \"You're hopeless. You know that?\" I beam at him with a huge smile. \"I know!\" I walk into the house with Matthew following. I head to the bathroom and turn on the water to take a shower. I strip out of my clothes and hop in the shower and let the lukewarm water soak my scalp. I get ready for bed and quickly fall asleep. *Skip to June 27th* After we dropped Matt of at St. Michael's hospital, I road along with Sarah to help look for a house to temporarily stay in. Our house is just too far from the hospital. We passed numerous houses but most of them were just two small for our big family. From far away I hear a noise. As we get closer to the sound I see a huge off white house with a dark green roof and a man hammering in a sign outside of it. Sarah pulls over and gets out the car. \"I don't wanna waste your time but…how much are you asking?\" The man looks up and says, \"I'll give you the first month free if I don't have to finish hammering in this darn sign.\" Sarah smiles and ushers me out of the car. I get out the car and look around the yard. I followed the older gentleman into the house along with Sarah. The second I stepped foot on the first step something did not feel at all right with me. I looked up at the man and Sarah to see if they got the feeling too. They didn't stop walking so I was the only one who noticed. Something in my gut told me there was something seriously wrong here. We walked in and the man gave us a tour of the house. \"It just needs some love and care and a good family to bring it back to life.\" \"So you don't mind children?\" \"Did that question include me standing here or we talking about the ankle-biters?\" The man chuckles at my question. \"Where would we be without them?\" After looking further into the house Sarah says, \"It's perfect. It's everything we need. It's spacious and affordable.\" \"Got that right!\", I said while looking down the hall. \"Even I could afford it with my salary!...but here's a question. If a seventeen year old can afford it, what's the catch?\" Right as I said that I saw a silhouette of someone down the hall facing me. I had to do a double take of what I saw. I pulled my glasses out of my purse and put them on. Unfortunately, once they were on the said person was gone. \"Something wrong, Miss?\" The man and Sarah were waiting for me. \"I thought I saw something. Sorry for making you two wait.\" I walk over to them then stop. \"Sir, would it bother you if I explored the house on my own for a second? I promise to be careful.\" The man chuckled. \"Feeling abit adventurous? Go ahead, Miss.\" \"Thank you, Sir!\" I nodded in thanks and walked off. After I was a good distance from them I went upstairs. I explored all the rooms but one caught my interest. The one all the way down the hall. I looked in to see the room was painted baby blue. I liked the tree and the bird painted on the wall. Some would say it was too simple or boring but I personally thought it had its own charm. Although, what do I know? I like old stuff. I go crazy for antiques. If it wasn't for the dread I was feeling while in this house I'd actually love it's 1920's look. I looked around the room and noticed there was a baby cradle in the room. I looked down in it and saw something absolutely horrifying. I saw a dead rotting baby. That wasn't all. Maggots were going in and out of the skin. I tried my best not to puke. I was slowly failing. You know what the most screwed up part about this baby? It's organs were still moving. Than as I looked at the baby everything started speeding up. Once the heart was pulsating fast enough it exploded splattering blood everywhere. On the walls, the crib, my skin and clothes. Then out of the heart came black birds flying out. I instantly run into the closet and shut the door. I then realize how stupid of a move that was. It's a dead end. I then hear choked groaning coming from right behind me. I turn around to see a horrid creature. It had incredibly charred skin and standing over me. It reached out to me but I opened the door and darted out the closet and the room. I ran so fast down the stairs I nearly tripped. By the time I got down I almost ran into Sarah. \"Oh! Rikki! Are you all right? You look horrid!\" I couldn't reply. I was too shaken up. *Later* It was nighttime and we were riding in the car on the way back to the house. I was holding Matt's hand so he could squeeze it whenever he felt pain. Let's just say my hand went numb seven minutes ago. \"The doctor said you would have body aches but no nausea.\", said Sarah. I looked at matt with a sad and worried look and thought, 'Body aches is an understatement.' I never had cancer but I knew the pain matt was going through. Matt groans in pain and Sarah looks back at us in the rear view mirror. \"Doctor says to patient, 'I've got bad knews. You've got cancer….and Alzheimer's.' The patient says 'Whoooo least I don't have cancer!'\" I smile sadly at Matt's joke and thought, 'He's trying so hard to show some humor in this situation.' I give his hand an affectionate squeeze. He slightly turns his head in my direction and looks at me with a weak smile. \"Least you won't lose your hair again.\", say Sarah. \"Well….that's something.\" Matt then starts groaning and squeezing my hand incredibly hard. I put my hand on Matt's and look at Sarah. \"I think we need to reconsider our decision on that one house, Sarah.\" She looked back at me in the rear view mirror. \"I think so too.\" I don't care about that house. My best friend, no, my brother is fighting cancer. I will fight off anything in that house. Sarah does a u-turn and drives to the house. After 30minutes we reach the house. I help matt inside the house while Sarah thanks the house's owner for having the place set up for us to stay the night. 'Glad we called ahead.\", I thought All righty-O I'm ending it here. It's 2am and I have church. Plus I've been at this since 12pm(A.D.H.D can be one HELL of a disorder. They aren't joking when they say we get distracted. XD Though writing is my weak point when it comes to concentrating. Well what was other stuff I wanted to say. 1. Sorry it's short-ish. 2. Sorry for any grammar mistakes. I noticed a few times I may have switched from 1 st to 3 rd pov. xD 3. Sorry that I keep re-posting chapters. I keep noticing mistakes so that's why. 4. I'm honestly embarrassed I'm even doing this knowing there are WAY better writers out there that could use me like a mop.(If that even makes sense. xD) Anyway hope you liked it![Chapter 3] Heyo! So whats up with me? Got out of having to sing my solo acapella. Too many complications were already leading to having to sing without music. It's better if I just step back on this solo. I've had plenty and have made my mark as best singer.(I'm singing at this ceremony the day before we graduate. ;p) Plus after singing the original pokemon theme song at the school's talent show….you can't beat that. ESPECIALLY if you have a break dancing Pikachu! Next time Ima do it with a live band :D Anyway I just got back from lazer tag from some place called shadow land. I can't feel my limbs….and I still have to do the concert. Oh well. Once this is over that's it. I'm done. xD Off with the story! We and Matt were relaxing on the mattress while Sarah was outside talking to the house owner. I felt incredibly uncomfortable in the house but I didn't want to put matt in anymore pain on the way back to the house. Although, staying here isn't too smart either. Life sucks like that, I guess. After Matt turned off the tv I noticed the same silhouette from before on the screen. I looked behind us to see it was gone. A slight grunt comes from a sleeping Matt, below me. HolyBALLS does that boy fall asleep fast. *Two hours later* I have been laying here on the mattress for who knows how long, feeling restless. After five more minutes go by, I delicately get off the matress. Sarah and Matt were asleep so I was in the clear to do whatever. Oddly enough, something erked me, repeatedly, to go back to that room, since I came back into the house. Yes, the one with the baby. Something is either up or I'm just that retarded. Did I ever mention I got held back in middle school?...although, that was because of laziness...which is a stupid habit, so either way I'm an idiot. I opened the door to find the baby crib no longer in the room. That was a relief. I saw a dresser and decided to look through it. I found nothing in the drawers so I turned around to examine the room further. Suddenly, a loud clattering noise came from behind me, to which I jumped backwards, facing the dresser. Frozen to the spot, I stared at the dresser as one of the drawers slowly came out and fell to the floor. I notice something shiney catch my eye from the back of the drawer. I pull it off to realize it is a pendant. I almost gush over how beautiful it is. The silver chain shining from the moonlight coming from the curtainless window, resembling the milkyway. The black opal in the pendant luminating in every color imaginable, twinkling like the night sky. No wonder it's called 'queen of gems'. I looked closer to admire it but in its reflection I saw a young boy. He had light skin, bright eyes, and dark hair. Least from the reflection that was all I could tell. I looked up from the pendant to see if he was still there. I was alone. I put on the pendant and admire it for a quick moment before I turn to open the closet. I see the crib again except this time, I see something worse then a baby. A person with incredibly pale skin and letters cut into the skin. The part that made my own skin pale were its eyes. I was staring straigh into milk white eyes with absence of eyelids. Pure hatred and fury radiated off of this thing as it slowly walked towards me. I just as slowly backed and hit the dresser, mentally cursing myself for not kicking it back in the closet and running out the door. Out of nowhere the charred figure appears. I back up away from it in fear. It ignores me and makes gurgling noises at it. The \"no lid\" thing also ignored him and came closer to me. The charred character moves so his back is facing me and the sound coming from it get's louder. The no lid creature vanishes leaving me alone with the burnt thing. I back away from it as it turns to look at me. \"NO! Get away from me!\", I scream at it as I back up against the wall. I close my eyes tightly and pathetically flail my arms infront of me. A few moments go by and I crack open my eyes to see it still standing there staring right back at me. We both stare at eachother as we're surrounded by a tense atmosphere. I then realize it looks like a burnt person. Eventhough said person was burnt I notice some masculine features. The one thing that stands out about him was his bright blue eyes. I then grow some courage and try to comunicate with it. I mean the person...the guy \"Y..y...you were trying to s..save me...weren't you?\" More gurgling noises came from it as it looked at me with frustration in his eyes. I move a little closer to him. \"What are you?\" I see a bit of sadness and more frustration as he makes more gurgling noises. \"I'm sorry. I guess you can't speak...Well. My name's Rikki!\" I say slightly smiling at the person. Next thing I notice is it stares at the chain hanging from my neck. I pull out the pendant and hold it in my hand for him to see. \"Is this what you're looking for? Is it yours?\" I hear more gurgling sounds. I look down at the pendant then back into his eyes. \"You know,...\" I smerk deviously at him, \"your eyes are equal in beauty to this pendant.\" He looks at me, from what I could tell, utter surprise. I laugh at the expression then say, \"Now back to my earlier question. Smile if it's yes or frown if it's no.\" He looks at me with a much more pleasant look on his face. \"I assume that is a yes.\" I return the pleasant look. I move over to the center of the room and sit then pat the part of the floor infront of me. He stands and stares at me. \"Please, come here. I want to chat more!\" He hesitantly walks over. \"I know you can't entirely respond but I actually want to know your name if that's ok with you.\" He sits then nods. \"Oooo! ok first how many letters is in your name?\" He holds up all of his fingers on his right hand. \"Ok! Well now that we got that much down let's establish ummm 'rules' to make this much easier. hold up 1 finger if the letter is before 'M'.\" He nods for me to continue. I smile at him then continue, \"Hold up 2 fingers if it's after and 3 if the letter is a vowel.\" He nods. \"and lastly if I get the name correctly. Well you just let me know. Clap for all I care.\" I laugh. After a few minutes of our little game we finally got to the last letter. I think and say, \"J...O...N...A...H...Joooonah?\" The boy infront of me looks at me happily. The shock then hits me. \"OH! JONAH!\"I clap estatically. I get up then playfully curtsey. \"Pleasure to meet you, Sir Jonah.\" The boy named Jonah gets up then bows. I laugh at his response when I suddenly hears a noise. Jonah stands at full attention in alert. He nods to me then vanishes in thin air. I look at the area he was just standing and think, 'he was just there...well never thought I'd friend a mute guy full of magic tricks!'. I then look out the window to see the sun rising. My demeanor drops. \"Really? It's morning? Screw breakfast. I'm sleeping.\" I awoke only an hour later to find myself wide awake while the others were fast asleep. \"I seriously hate my life.\" I get up and put some clothes on then run to the kitchen to make breakfast. As soon as I open the fridge I sigh. \"Fuuuuu- we didn't get food.\" I get up and pull a pen and paper out my purse then write a note. Once I finish, I put it on the counter and head out the door holding my purse. \"Off to get groceries!\" Matt's pov I shoot up breathing heavily and notice my mother crouching over me. She puts her hand on my cheek and looks at me with a worried expression on her face. I look around and say, \"Yeah. It was just a bad dream.\" I get up and stretch than head into the kitchen. I walk in to mom shaking a can. \"Pick of the house. Kay any bedroom you want.\" She holds the can out to me. \"Drink this.\" I take it and reach into the fridge and pick up a can, of the same beverage, and hand it to her. \"They're not that bad!\" I smirk and say, \"You keep telling yourself that.\" We hit our cans together and I lean back on the counter as she takes a sip. \"Have you ever had one?\" I drink down the formula while watching her reaction. She laughs to realize she was wrong. I nod towards her. \"Yeah.\" Just then Rikki comes into the kitchen holding plastic bags. She looks at us and laughs. \"Matty! You got her to drink it didn't you?\". I nod to her and she starts giggling while she sets the bags on the counter. \"Sarah, I borrowed the car to get groceries.\" \"Yes, thank you! I saw the note.\" Rikki's pov I nodded then looked at the both of them with a huge grin. \"So who's ready for breakfast?\" Matt laughs and says, \"I'm sure after mom drank that she could use something to get the taste out of her mouth.\" I look around to find some pans and pull them out. \"I'll start cooking then! Can you two go unload the car of the other groceries?\" \"Sure!\", Matt says and heads off. Sarah looks worried and walks quickly after him. \"Sarah!\", I call from the kitchen. She comes back in and looks at me. \"Yes, Rikki?\" \"Hun, cut the boy some slack. I know he has cancer but he's still strong. He's going to get through this.\" She looks at me and smiles sadly. \"I know, but a mother can't help but worry.\" \"I understand.\" It then hit me. \"SARAH! GO GET THE FOOD! I don't want Matt eating my precious bacon!\" Sarah laughs and heads outside toward the car. Matt comes into the kitchen with questioning look on his face. \"You bought 5 packs of bacon?\" \"Yes I did!\" *After Breakfast* Matt and I were looking around the house searching for a room. I already saw all the rooms from the tour and my own exploration of the house. I had nothing else to do but follow. Since we shared a room back home why not here too? Plus I didn't like the idea of Matt being alone in this house. We walked into the last room down the hall. I must love this room. I end up in here so often. No dead babies or crows trying to kill me? No shaking drawers spitting out jewelry? Actually, I wouldn't mind that last one. After we left the room we explored the house more until we reached the dreaded staircase to the basement. Matt starts walking down and I hesitantly take a step down. The voice isn't in my head this time. Matt turns and looks up at me. \"You coming down or what?\" I look at him and nod then slowly descend. I make it to the bottom of the stairs and look around. Different types of furniture and objects were scattered around the room. \"This is my bedroom.\" I look at Matt with a surprised look on his face. \"What?\" Sarah then calls from upstairs. \"Matt? Matt, did you find a bedroom?\" He calls back to her. \"Yeah, I did!\" She comes down the stairs and he looks around. \"It sorta picked me.\" \"What do you mean it picked you.\" \"I don't know. It's the vents I'm talking about.\" \"Well what bedroom?\" Matt then spread out his arm insinuating the basement. Sarah raises her eyebrows. \"Down here?\" She looks to her left and says no while walking off. \"All right come on. It's nice and cool and best of all it has its own private bathroom, nobodys to hear me.\" Sarah sighs then says, \"You don't have to hide from us.\" \"The fact that everyone can hear me puking just makes me feel worse.\" \"While we're at this point I'll also be sleeping down here.\" Matt and Sarah look at me surprised. \"Matt and I already shared a room back at the house so I'm used to it.\" \"Did you miss the part where I don't want any of you to hear me puke?\" I look at Matt with a stern look on my face. He raises his eyebrow in a questioning manner. I nod my head at him signaling I would answer his questions later. \"All right, I know there's no arguing with you, Rikki.\" Matt's attention then turned to the door at the side of the room. He walks over and tries to open it. Sarah and I walk over to also inspect the door. I put my hands on the sides of my head to block out the light while trying to see through the glass. After Matt gives up on opening the door he tries to look through the glass. \"HELLO! IS ANYONE HOME!\" We all jump at the sound then laugh. \"We're down here!\", say Sarah. I follow Matt and Sarah to the stairs. Before I go up I take a quick glance at the door then walk upstairs. I get up and I hear the younger children run upstairs. \"First one upstairs gets the first choice to rooms!\" I bet Billy said that while he was running in front of Mary. The little stinker. I go outside to help Matt and His father, Peter, bring in furniture. Matt picks up a suitcase and a lamp post. Peter then shouts, \"HEY WATCH IT!\" Matt looks at him then says, \"I'm not gonna croak from carrying a lamp and an empty suitcase.\" Peter than laughs. \"That's not it…I was afraid you'd scratch the car…..carry on.\" Matt cocks his head and look up with an amused look on his face.\"Ok.\" I then start laughing as I help unload our stuff from the car. *Later* I come downstairs to my bedroom to find Peter trying to open the door to the secret room opposite of the stairs. \"The doorknobs turns but….\" He continues to struggle with the door while I walk over and sit on Matt's bed. \"They must've sealed it for storage.\" I then look at the door. \"If this house wasn't for rent I would've broken the windows out of curiosity right about now.\" Peter looks at me. \"No you wouldn't.\" I look at him with a smirk. \"I got money. I'd pay for it.\" Peter shakes his head and goes upstairs. I then go upstairs and outside to grab my mattress from the car. I throw it over my shoulder and walk inside dragging it to my room. Those in the house I passed look at me strangely. I'd say it wasn't a twin but it's not a queen either. Sue me for not knowing what the size is. Does it matter? I make it down the stairs then toss it onto the bedframe. The frame shakes slightly but settles. I completely forgot the frame isn't that strong. Looks like I won't be hopping on it anytime soon. I sit on my bed for a second and start thinking about random things. I'm snapped out my thoughts by a sound coming from behind me. I turn to realize it's coming from the sealed room. I get up and look closer to see flittering lights. I can barely see two figures standing in the next room. The tallest one doing who knows what. The shorter one looks out and makes eye contact with me. I freeze up and stare at the figure curiously. \"Rikki!\" I sigh and look back toward the stairs. I then do a double take toward the room to see it's pitch black. I decide that I will investigate the room again later and go upstairs. Yeah I know what you're thinking. Not scared anymore? You talk to a burnt crispey guy for an hour. That's the end for this chapter! It's short and I took a long time but I have a good reason. As a senior in highschool I was incredibly busy. Finals then going to florida(senior trip) and all that jazz. But HUZZAH! I am now a high school graduate! I also have a new laptop and would like to continue writing the story on that so I am ending it here.(Plus I'd actually like to have this up anyway hahaha)If anyone's actually reading this while I'm writing sorry for the wait. Those who aren't and read it a long time later….ehhh ummm yeah I don't know. *Throws cookie box* and I screwed barnie's mom with johnny the giraffe tattooed penis. ADHD FTW! Ok I'm out! Later! XD *Edit June 14th* I edited all the chapters till now. Adding, taking away, replacing, and correcting. Also this chapter is more interesting eventhough I may have to rewrite since I made MY character ooc from original plans concerning Jonah and the spirits. She's a little too open to the idea...or maybe that helps with a better plot ;D In other news. My friends decided to play \"never have I ever.\"...that's just one thing where you don't ask for my opinion. \"Never have I ever jerked and came on a weisel while dancing like McJagger and nathan sings over and over again, 'LETS FUCK SOME MORE!' \"...my point exactly. Random ideas like that is WAY easier then simple crap like afro circus.(Which btw...I know the dance.)[Chapter 4] Big fat ballucks. I'm out of highschool and now I'm thinking. What the hell do I do now? XD I get more time to work out and get fit but hell I have to work till I die now. FUuuuuu. I miss being a kid. Oh well I go on vacation to Myrtle Beach in a few days. Totally lookin forward to the beach. Only reason I'm not is I'm gonna miss my dogs. Least this time I won't have a curfew and be stuck in a hotel room for hours with some bitch of a roomate.(It's a long story.)Oh well, she passed out with mobile dental floss in her mouth. I made sure to take pictures. ^-^ Well anyway I may have to change my original idea. Not sure. Already had to change one idea. I was gonna make my OC suicidal. It didn't work out. Also instead of interupting you from experiencing the story with author notes I decided to put numbers where my author notes would go.(Thanks this one author who wrote a fushigi yugi story who did the same. Got the idea from her. XD) Note this continues where the last chapter left off. Also do pretend there are may 10 more stairs on the staircase. In the movie the staircase is a wee bit too small for this next part to work. I'm about three quarters of the way up the stairs when I suddenly hear a hissing sound go past my ears. I turn around and look down the staircase. 'What?' I stand there and continue listening. '...hmmmmm must've been nothing.' I turn around and put one foot up on the next step to feel myself no longer on the ground but in the air. I land on the stairs and roll the rest of the way down. I stop at the very bottom of the stairs laying on my right side. I sit up and look upstairs. I rub my sore right arm, \"Ahhhh fuuuu-\" \"Rikki, are you ok?\", Matt's voice interrupts my own. \"Ma-ybe.\", my voice cracks in response.\" Matt rushes down the stairs then kneels next to me. He \"Geeez Rikki. What did you do?\" \"I jerked with my non-existant penis and ejaculated on a weasel while singing cumbayah, what the hell do you think I did! I fell down the damn stairs!\" Matt's left sitting there dumbfound over my episode. I guess the mental image of me ejaculating on a weasel was a bit much.(1.) \"Rikki!\" Sarah and Wendy run down the stairs. To find Matt and I sitting on the floor. I get up off the floor then lightly tap Matt with my foot. \"Come on, Matt. What I said wasn't that bad.\" Sarah looked at me with an eyebrow raised. I respond to her look, \"You don't want to know.\" *Later* I was down in the basement putting clothes in my dresser while Sarah was mopping the room. Matt then comes downstairs and looks around the room. \"I don't know why you two want to stay down here.\" \"I'm down here because of Matt. That's my reason.\", I say putting on one of nice shirts on a hanger to put in the closet. Matt gasps, \"Whoa Mom!\" I turn to look to him but notice red liquid all over the floor. I'm taken back by the liquid. I look at Matt to notice he had some relief on my face. We're both aparently seeing this. Sarah kept mopping the floor, \"What?\" 'She must not be seeing this. For some odd reason I'm not surprised that Matt can see this.' She looked at him with a smile. Twenty seconds later I finally blink and the liquid is back to clear water. Sarah stops mopping and looks at Matt. Matt looks and her and says, \"T-t-thanks for cleaning the room.\" He fake smiles. She smiles back at him. \"No problem.\" *Later* Sarah and I are fixing dinner when Matt walks in to set up the plates. \"Why'd you put the plates back?\", says Matt while pointing toward the cupboard behind him. Sarah looks at him, \"I didn't touch it, sweetie.\" I look back at Matt and say, \"I didn't either.\" 'Something isn't right. None of us put the plates back...then who did?' Sarah begins to look at him with worried eyes. \"Are you all right?\" Matt nods then we both turn to continue cooking. Suddenly, we all hear a loud crash directly behinds us. We both turn to see the dishes broken. Sarah immediatedly rushes over and crouches down to pick up the peices. \"OH! oh my oh no that that was my fault. Here why don't you help me.\" I quickly notice that Sarah tries to smile it off. They continue picking up the dishes while I scan the room. \"I should've just done it.\" \"I can do it.\" Sarah giggles again and says, \"Well how did it ha-\" Matt interupts her, \"I-I-I don't know! I-I-just saw it up I just don't know.\" \"You know Doctor Brookes said-\" Matt interupts Sarah again, \"I know what Doctor Brookes said. Ok he said if I'm seeing things then he'll drop me from the trial.\" \"But if you-\" \"I'm not...seeing things.\" 'Not in the way she thinks you are anyway. ' Matt then stands up and says, \"I'm just tired. I remember I put the dishes too close to the edge.\" \"You know you tell me if something like that happens. Promise?\" Matt looks down at the floor. \"Yeah, promise.\" 'Even I can tell he's lying.\" After that thought there's an akward silence in the kitchen. I turn to continue dinner. Matt breaks the silence. \"Sorry I broke the dishes...\" \"It's ok sweetie.\" I then hear a some smooch noise assuming Sarah kissed Matt's cheek. I decide to break the tension. \"Hey Sarah! Can't I get a smooch from you too? I feel so unloved! Being enslaved in the kitchen! I feel like a wife in an abusive relationship! Cookin and cleanin with no affection cept for when my man wants me to suc- actually I'm not gonna finish that one.\" Sarah comes over chuckling and kisses my cheek. I hop up while holding my cooking spoon, \"Awwww yeah honey. I got some sweet lovin! I envy Peter!\" I then wink at her. She shakes her head at me. \"Rikki, you are too much.\" I turn toward the dining table. \"Well, since the plates are broken...I guess we can have barbeque tonight?\" Sarah nods at me. \"That sounds like a good idea.\" \"All right I'll put this in the fridge. Now I won't have to cook tomorow!\" Sarah laughs at me then goes off to tell Peter about dinner. I turn off the stove then look at Matt. \"Soooo. I know that none of us moved those dishes.\" He leans back against the cabinet and looks back at me, \"I really don't know how that happend...but I'm not seeing things! We both saw that red stuff on the floor in our room earlier. I know I'm not going crazy.\" I then get up and put the food away. \"I know it was a huge relief when you found out I saw that too.\" \"You have no idea.\" \"...C'mon, Matt. Let's get some air.\" I walk over and grab his hand and lead him to the back door. Matt and I are talking on the backstairs outside when Peter and the rugrats run past, playing tag. \"Ahh the burgers!\" Peter runs over to the barbeque and checks on our dinner. Matt stares up at the sky with a solemn look in his eye. Peter looks up at the Matt, towards the stars, then back at Matt. \"Remember when we used to go camping back when you were young?\" Matt looks down the ground and groans as a response. \"Everynight you would fall asleep counting the stars and never finish. It used to drive you nuts.\" Matt sighs then says, \"You know most of the stars we see are dead.\" I turn my head to look at him with sadness and a little anger in my eyes. Peter takes a quick look back up then looks at him again. \"They look pretty alive to me.\" Matt starts getting up and says, \"That's because they havn't gotten the news yet.\" I look down and sigh. 'Matthew, that comment really wasn't neccesary.' I look up at Peter and study his face. He's looking down cooking the burgers with a look similar to Matt's moments ago. \"Peter,...whether you realize it or not...you're one hell of a father.\" Peter smiles slightly. I can tell I cheered him up a bit. \"Thank you, Rikki. That means a lot.\" I nod at him with a smile on my face. \"You are quite welcome. Stay strong and be someone your kids will be proud to call father. Your family needs you. I can't tell you how do your job but I know it's the complete opposite of what my father did.\" \"I promise I won't Rikki. I know you went throught a lot.\" \"...Yeah, I wouldn't wish that on anyone.\" I then see Billie and Mary run past. \"You know, Peter. Billie is lucky.\" Peter tosses a glace at me with a raised eyebrow. \"He has a great father and he still has his big brother...\" I start to get up. \"and he will continue to have his brother. As I told Matt, I'll die before he does. Cancer isn't taking him so soon.\" *Later* Dinner was a little bit smoother today. It was still a little tense but I had talked and cheered everyone up somewhat. The smallest thing can sometimes count more than you think. I decide to go to take a shower and go to bed early. I walk out the bathroom wearing my satin robe on and head toward the bedroom.(2.) I walk down the staircase and feel a sudden chill run aross my feet. 'The only time I hate that it's a basement. Too cold of a place to wander around after a shower.' I make down the stairs and freeze at the sight. A dark figure stands looming over Matt as he sleeps. I grow angry and fearful as I assume it's one of the \"no lids\". With a quiet trembling voice I say, \"You!...step away from him!\" My eyes slightly widen at the boldness in my voice. The figure turns around slightly and looks at me. I take a few steps forward and start glaring. \"I said...step away from him!\" The figure turns around and slowly walks towards me. I run forward to hit it but stop when it walks into the moonlight.(3.) Instead of a 'no lid' stood a boy with fair skin, bright baby blue eyes, blackish brown hair and an attire that I knew no one in this decade wore. 'Gorgeous but a robber.' I never dealt with the no lids before so I had no idea how to handle them but robbers, bandits, any douchbag of the sort I fortunately dd. 'The closest legitamate weapon I own is my dagger under my bed. If he runs towards me, if I'm lucky, I can by pass him and slide under my bed and get it.' ' Rikki ' I jump at the second voice in my head. 'There's a robber and another voice in my head! Am I going crazy? ' I hear laughing in my head and see the boy slightly shaking with a tiny smile on his face. 'Rikki, it's me. ' \"Who's is this talking to me in my head!\" 'I'm infront of you .' I look infront of me and see the boy bowing infront of me in a familiar way. \"Only he would know that. State your name, boy.\" The boy stands up and looks at me in the eyes. 'I believe it is rude to ask for another individual's name before stating one's own name. However, you already know my name, and I know yours, Miss. Valentine .'(4.) I sigh and look at brunette infront of me, \"I swear, if you're not Jonah...\" 'It is, my dear, Rikki. May I say it is such a pleasure to be able to communicate with you .' I look down and laugh as he stands infront of me. I then look up at him into his eyes. \"You were still able to communicate with me nonetheless.\" Jonah smiles but then slightly blushes and turns around with his back facing me. 'No offense, Miss. Valentine, but perhaps you would like to put on more clothes while speaking to me? ' I then look down and go red. I'm wearing a satin robe only and the fact that the basement is cold doesn't help my situation. (5.) I run over and quickly take off my robe. Put on undergarments, a large t-shirt and shorts then walk over to the bed and sit. \"Thank you, Jonah. You really are a gentleman. You may turn around now.\" He turns around and smiles at me then slowly walks over and stands next to my bed. I laugh quietly at his manners and pat the bed next to me. He sits on my bed two feet away. 'Now that I am able to communicate with you I bet you want to know more about me .' I nod and quietly laugh again. \"That would be nice. We can play twenty questions again using your fingers!\" He chuckles at my sarcasm and introduces himself. 'I am Jonah Aickman, I am 19 years old. I worked as an assistant to my father in this house- ' My eyes widen at a thought that occured in my mind. (5.) \"Jonah?\" 'Yes, Miss. Valentine? ' \"First, you may call me Rikki. Second, you were a charred or crispy lookin fello last time I saw you...\" I was so confused I didn't know how to finish off that sentence. ' Oh ,', Jonah looks at me with sad eyes and frowns, 'You havn't realized? I'm am a spirit. The remains of my body are in this house. '(7.) I freeze up as my eyes widen. \"Wait, you're...dead?\" Jonah nods while looking at me. 'Those other beings you saw are also spirits that were once living people, just like myself. I used to live in this house with my Father, my Mother, and myself. There would have been another in this house, my sibling, Unfortunately, my sibling passed away along with my mother during child birth.' (8.) I look at him with sad eyes. \"I lost my mother and brother a few years back.\" Jonah scooted forward a few inches and tried to look me in the eyes . 'May I ask how they passed?' I look him in the eyes as Jonah flinches at the pained look on my face. 'Oh, Rikki, I wasn't thinking. I shouldn't have ask-' \"They were murdered.\" ' What?'' \"My mother and brother were murdered.\" Jonah then quickly moves closer to put his hand on my shoulder but he goes right through me. My heart instantley sinks. Jonah sighs and puts his hand on the side of the bed and looks at the floor. ' ...and this is why...being dead and bound to earth is worse than death itself.' He looks up at me. 'I wouldn't wish this type of existence on any one.' \"I might...on my father. Although, in this case it would be beneficial to him if he did.\" Jonah looks up at with me in wonder. 'Why your father? I know I didn't get along well with my father but I wouldn't wish this on him. ' I look forward and stare hard at the wall with pure hatred in my eyes. 'My father was the person who killed my family.' 'Rikki... ' *3rd pov six years previous* The young teenager, Aiden, and little girl, Rikki are walking along the dirt path to their house laughing. \"Big brother, what do you think Mommy is gonna make for dinner tonight.\" Aiden smiles brightly, \"Not sure.\", he then rubs his stomach, \"But I'm absolutely starving! Let's go!\" Aiden bends down and throws his little sister over his shoulder and begins running toward the house, laughing along with his sister the rest of the way. They walk into the house to find the frontdoor open. Rikki sniffs the air and looks toward her brother. \"I think mommy burnt our dinner.\" He laughs and nods. \"I'd say the same thing.\" They walk into the kitchen to find there mother isn't in the kitchen. Aiden walks over to the stove and turns it off. \"I wonder where she is.\" They split up and look around the house. Aiden searched the first floor while Rikki goes up and searches the second floor. She goes around and searches the rooms then walks up to the lastroom she didn't check. Her father's study. No one was aloud into the room except for their father and mother. Their mother only went in there to bring him food or coffee. She slowly opened the door to be greeted by a repulsive metalic smell. She opened the door completely and saw a scene that would change her life forever. It was her father kneeling over her still mother, continuously stabbing her with a sharp object. Rikki didn't know what to do. She was absolutely terrified. The instinct told her to scream and that's precisely what she did. She dropped to the ground and screamed at the top of her lungs. Not long after her brother found the room and stopped at the doorway. He glared with fury in his eyes. \"YOU BASTARD! HOW COULD YOU KILL HER! SHE WAS OUR MOTHER! YOUR WIFE!\" Their father slowly stood up and started laughing maniacally. \"YOU DRUNK! YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY INSANE!\" Their father then looks like he's hurt. \"Oh dear, Aiden, my son-\" \"Don't you call me that! You are no father of mine...or Rikki! You're a murderer!\" \"I wouldn't say that now. I was...merely helping her escape her misery. You know, everynight she used to cry.\" \"Because you were drinking!\" \"Oh, it wasn't because of that. It was because you two were such horrible children.\" Aiden runs forward, grabs the lamp post off the ground and swings it at his father's face, sending his father flying backward. \"Rikki! go call the police now! I'll hold him off!\" Aiden then runs over and pushes the nearest bookcase onto his father. Rikki manages to tell the police where they live and she stays on the phone with the operator until she hears her brother scream. She runs upstairs to find her brother laying on the floor holding onto his blood red arm. \"BIG BROTHER!\" She runs to him and kneels toward him crying. \"Rikki...he got away.\" \"What!\" Aiden coughs then continues, \"He managed to get me from under the dresser and ran out the window.\" The police arrive and say that they couldn't find our father.\"I'm sorry, he's got away. We'll be on the lookout for him but in the meantime is there anyone you could stay with?\" *Few years later* Aiden is 19 and Rikki is 14. They both moved back into their house and try to start over. Their Aunt and Uncle help them whenever they can along with their mother's friend from highschool. Rikki's cooking dinner and cleaning the house after her bandmates were previously there for practice, waiting for her brother to come home from work. Since their mother died, Aiden worked for anyone he could. He worked as an apprentice to a high up buisiness owner then when he turned 18 was payed in full and got a promotion. With the money from inheritance and his job he was able to move back into his old house along with his sister. Rikki on the other hand hired a manager and became a singer. She is well known at this point but she isn't the biggest thing in the world. Half an hour after Rikki started cooking Aiden arrives home. \"Luccyyy I'm hoooome.\" Rikki laughs from in the kitchen. \"Come in and give this ginger a smooch!\" Her brother and scruffs her hair. \"So! What's for dinner?\" \" Roti with shrimp curry and rice.\" Aiden hugs his sister tightly. \"I LOVE YOU!\" Rikki laughs then nudges out of his hold. \"Auntie told me about the new promotion. Thought I'd make your favorite.\" \"Awww! Thanks, Sis! and yeah. Didn't think I'd get a second promotion already.\" \"Well after you helped save the buisiness from going under you kind of deserve it.\" \"Well thank you, sis.\" Aiden leans back on the counter and watches his sister make curry. \"You know...I never thought we'd be able to make it in our current situation.\" Rikki looks at her brother with a small smile. \"Yeah, she'd be so proud...Oh! Crap!\" \"What?\" \"Can you get the laundry for me Aiden?\" \"Sure!\" Aiden runs down the stairs and turns on the basement light. He looks over to see the basement door open. \"Rikki! You left the backdoor open!\" From upstairs Rikki yells, \"No I didn't! I havn't been in the basement since yesterday! You sure you havn't?\" Aiden tries to remember if he left the door open until, \"I happened to have an extra key and invited myself into my old house. Do tell me, you children havn't gone snooping around my study have you?\" Aiden instantley turns toward the sound and stares down the source of his inner fury. \"Hello, son, my have you grown. You look...well exactly like me!\" \"Really old man? I don't think so. I don't look like a drunken murderer.\" \"Ahh, I see you havn't gotten over that day. I was doing your mother a favor.\" \"Well why don't you do the same favor?\" \"Oh gladly!\" Aiden's father run's towards him. Aiden runs upstairs and into the kitchen with his father quick on his tail. Aiden shuts the door with his foot and runs upstairs with his father quick on his tail. Aiden reaches the kitchen and grabs his sister and pushes her behind him. His father runs into the kitchen and looks at the children. \"Oh my darling Rikki. My have you grown. You look like your mother.\" Aiden uses his body to sheild Rikki from his father. \"You don't speak to her! \"I believe I have the right to speak to my daughter, son.\"(8.) \"As I said back then, you're no father of ours. You never were a father. We were raised by our mother. Because of you we've gone through hell and back without her! Do us a real favor and drop dead.\" \"Oh, how you must miss her. I'll do you the favor of reuniting the two of you.\" Their father rushes toward with a knife. Aiden dodges while pulling his sister behind him. This goes on for a few minutes till their father scratches his head. \"Guess my original idea isn't going to work. Looks like I'll have to do this.\" He then pulls a gun out of his back pocket and points it at them. \"So any ideas now?\" He then shoots Aiden in the arm \"AIDEN!\" Rikki kneels down and looks at her brother as he holds onto his arm. Laughter is heard from the other side of the room. \"Brings back memories doesn't it, dear boy.\" At that moment lightening hits part of the house causing the territory to shake and cause the lights to flitter. Aiden takes advantage and tackles his father down. Not before Aiden is shot again in the side. \"AIDEN!\" Rikki runs over as Aiden manages to pin his father. \"Rikki! Get out of here!\" \"What! Are you crazy! I can't leave you here with him! It's two against one! We can win!\" \"Rikki, I've been shot not once but twice. The ambulance may not make it in time for me-\" \"It will! I know it wi-\" \"No, Rikki. Go. The house is on fire. I've been shot but I managed to injure his ankle. I won't last till the ambulance gets here. Neither will the house. At the most you've probabley got 10minutes-\" Their father starts struggling more causing Aiden to hold onto him tighter as more blood gushes out his wounds. \"You know that box you've always wanted to look into? Now's the time to use it. Take it and go.\" \"Brother no!\" \"Rikki, No! Listen to me just this once please!\" She hesitantly gets up but runs as fast as she can upstairs. In the mean time Aiden continues to pin his father. \"So, boy. Looks like this is it. We're really gonna die here. Or well you will.\" His father laughs. \"You bastard! You can go to hell!\" \"You can go in my place!\" His father gets out of his grip and punches Aiden. Rikki back holding a medium sized box. She sees the scene and grabs the bowl of curry and throws it at her father then hits him as hard as she can with the pot. She hits him one more time then runs to her brother.\"Big brother!\" Rikki kneels with her eyes overflowing with tears. \"Aiden laughs then coughs up blood. Rikki looks at him with absolute agony in her eyes. \"Dearest sister, you havn't called me that in years.\" He painfully smiles. \"Rikki, I'll always love you. I couldn't have asked for a better sister. It's unfortunate I won't be able to eat that roti. I bet mom will have some ready for me tho.\" \"And I couldn't have asked for a better brother.\" Rikki moves down and kisses her brother on the cheek. \"Pass that on to Mommy for me. You'll do that won't you big brother?\" \"I'm going now.\" \"Rikki, wait! Turn on the gas full blast.\" Rikki obeys his request by turning on the stove and igniting one. She then hands him the virgin olive oil from the cabinet. She kneels on one knee and looks at him. \"You're such an intelligent young woman. Now, Rikki, one last thing. Don't ever cry like that for any man unless he's truly worth it.\" Aiden coughs then takes a deep breath. \"I tried my best to be the best gentleman I could as an example. He isn't worth it if he doesn't treat you the way I do. The way a real queen should be treated.\" Rikki nods to her brother. \"I promise, big brother.\" \"I love you, Rikki.\" \"I love you too, Aiden\" Rikki, hugs him gently. \"Ok I'm going but first.\" She walks over and kicks her father in the face with all her might. \"You say I look like my mother.\" She then slams the pot onto his head and stomps on his stomach. \"Ironic isn't it, father?\" She stops and looks at her brother. \"Goodbye, Aiden.\" \"Goodbye, Rikk.\" Rikki turns and runs out the house as fast as she can holding the box. She runs as fast as she can away from the house. Aiden looks at his father with fury. \"This is it father. I'll get to be with mom and you'll be in hell. Here starts your eternal misery in flames. Lights up!\" After Aiden speaks his final words he throws the bottle at the stove. A minute goes by and a loud noise goes off that lights the area. Rikki looks back at the one place she once called home. She was the only one left and had no where to go back to. Now she only had one choice. All she could do was move on. *End of flashback* Holy balls this was a long chapter. It took me three days to write this. (Procrastination and had to think about certain ways of how things would go down. I had ideas but I needed fillers.) I leave for South Carolina in less than 3hours so I thought I'd end it. Plus there were actually loads of places I could end it. Least this time when I start the next chapter I have somewhat a clean start instead of continuing. 2. I know there is a bathroom in the basement where Matt and Rikki's room is but if the house existed back in the 1920's I highly doubt the bathtub(and I mean the classic tub. Like the one Wendy was in during her shower scene.)would be in the basement but all the way upstairs.(Matt used this bathroom the first night he was there. If there was a bathroom on the middle floor, I'm sure he would have used it. Just an assumption throught observation.) 3. If I remember correctly, there is a window that leads to the basement. Work with me here. 4. For the longest time I thought his name was either Noah, Isaac, and of course Jonah. I guess linked it with names of men in the Bible. XD 5. Ladies, and possibly perverted men, know what happens to us girls \"Up top\" when we get cold. XD 6. More like the author! I realized right then, \"I forgot to introduce the fact that Jonah is a ghost. HOW THE HELL DO I DO IT! I'M SCREWED! DK\" 7. YES! I found a way! :D XD If it wasn't 4:57 in the morning I'd do the biggest victory dance right now. 8. Remember the baby crib and the undead baby? Yeah I originally created that idea because the crib in Jonah's room in any story I've read(which was one with an OC)mentioned the crib. I also wanted to do something different. I took the whole Stephen King approach and created something that would normally be not only terrifying but absolutely repulsive as well. Wasn't until now I created an idea to go along with the undead baby. I'd say the baby dying represents it's death and the black birds represented the birds that were flying around under wendy's bed in the movie and the birds on the wall. I made them black because I thought of Itachi's crow genjustu from Naruto. XD 9. I almost laughed when I typed \", son.\" For me, I live in Maryland so it was like. \"I ate this chicken like a boss, SOOON!\" XD In the story I used it as a name, not as slang! hahaha Final notes. Take into account, my OC is somewhat similar to an athiest. As much as it bothers me to make her one, her being a Christian would make Christians everywhere look bad as if this story itself isn't already insulting. But this site is called fan-fiction so everything including ghosts, are not real. Demons exist on earth, but not dead people's spirits. Yeah, I'm award the last scene is unrealistic but welllll meh. XD That's all I gotta say. I sat on my bed for a good hour how to blow up the house. Yep, I planned on blowing up the house using the stove. Didn't know how but again that was the best I could do at 5am and no sleep XD Another note is, I decided to not give the father a name just to make him seem that much more of an ass. Without a name, he's more likely to be looked at as something too vicious to name.[Chapter 5] So I'm watching I Love Lucy while on vacation and have nothing to do. I could work out by doing a walk/run on the beach but my sister is sleeping and I have an itch do do something. Plus, I wanted to write the next chapter after I published chapter 4. XD I REALLY wanted to update so I did then. Now I have nothing to do so why not? Plus this isn't a story to entertain you guys but in a way this is a diary for me. I can recall what I did through my stories or when I tell you what's up with me. Yes, I can understand you guys may not care; which is why I put anything not relating to the story in bold and it's just me rambling haha. Anyway I'm at Myrtle and am totally excited. Even tho I only have two pairs of pants and two shorts.(Yeah, I dun goofed.) I was so excited to wear my new shirts I forgot my pants. I'm 8hours away from home so I'm thinking...\"Shit...\" XD In other news I'm going to an improv show. i love doing improv myself and am a HUGE fan of Whose Line is it Anyway. I'm also going to Medieval Times and again I'm also a huge fan of this type of stuff. Irony has it I'm using the same ipod I had the last time I went to one back home. XD I'll let yall know how everything goes. Update*I started typing this when I was on vacation back in June 2012. Now it's almost October. Honestly, not gonna say sorry fro my absence. Not because I hate my readers, but because I love my story more than my readers.(Tho I do care for your health and overall wellbeing more than anything. xD)I don't want to be an author that does this just for recognition. I do this for myself. I get severe writers block but I'm gonna stop writing if I do. Not gonna try to make up stuff because I know it will be lame. I want this to be the best it can be even if it takes some time. WARNING. Used the D-word at the end incase anyone cares...tho the real warning is on my sick humor I use at the end. I'm from the ghetto. Sick things happen here. XD Well let's start the show! :D I awoke early the next morning and headed outside early to go for a walk in the city. While eating my apple I see a park across the street. 'I didn't see that when I came out here shopping.' I walk into the park and see an open grassy green area, a picnic area, and a play ground. I walk over to the closest bench. I see it's already occupied by an older dark haired woman with a stroller. \"Excuse me, ma'am. \" She looks up at me and smiles. \"Yes?\" I smile back and nod. \"Umm, is this seat occupied?\" She shake her head with the smile still on her face, \"Oh, not at all. And no need for the formalities. You can call me Susan.\" I sit down next to her and shake her hand. \"Pleasure, Susan. My name is Rikki.\" \"So, Rikki, what are you doing here at such an early hour?\" She laughs, \"Teenagers your age are usually still asleep.\" I nod and laugh with her. \"Well, Susan, I'm not your average teenager. I came out to think. What are you up to this morning?\" \"Oh, I'm out shopping. I decided to stop here and read a good book.\" She then shows me the cover of her book. \"Oh! Hamlet! You're into Shakespear?\" \"Oh, yes. I usually read his comedies but I decided to read something different.\" \"I see, I see.\" I then start laughing. She looks at me with a puzzled expression. \"What's so funny dear?\" I look at her and say sarcastically, \"Hamlet is a real romantic fox isn't he? Killing his girlfriend's father and brother. I'd love a man like that.\" She then starts laughing. \"Oh no, honey. I have my Romeo.\" She then shows me her wedding ring. \"And our little Montague.\" She then gently pulls over a baby stroller to show me a child with sand colored hair. I then smile brightly. \"Awww! Such a beautiful child!\" The baby opens it's eyes to reveal bright green eyes. It looks at me and smiles. I gasp at the child. It looks exactly like my brother when he was an infant. I smile with tears in my eyes. \"Susan, I'm sure your child will grow to be a wonderful son.\" She then smiles and looks at her son. \"Thank you, Rikki. I'm sure he will too.\" She then looks at her watch. \"Oh! Well I better get going! I promised to meet up with my husband for breakfast at the local diner.\" She then gets up and puts her book in the stroller. I stand up and hold my hand out to her. \"It was a pleasure talking to you, Susan.\" She turns and shakes my hand. \"Oh, the pleasure was all mine, Rikki! Good day! and goodluck with whatever problem you have.\" She then winks at me and walks away while pushing her stroller. It then dawned on me, 'She looked a lot like my mother!' I look in the direction she left and see that she is no where to be seen. ' What'd she do? Pick up the stroller and run a track race.' I pick up my bag and head off toward the stores. 'Lets wind out with some shopping.' *Later* I come home holding bags to find everyone missing. (1.) \"Well it's lunchtime. Might as well warm up dinner.\" I walk and open the fridge to find dinner missing. \"Either they ate it for breakfast or it's in the garbage.\" I grab my small boombox and plug it in. I put in a random tape and start cooking. Ten minutes into preparing lunch I hear one of my favorite songs playing, Holding Out for a Hero by Bonnie Tyler. \"Love this song!\" I run over to the radio and turn it up and sing along. I finish lunch and put it in the fridge and pick up a broom. \"Sarah can't be the only one cleaning such a large house.\" \"Too bad I can't help.\" I jump and quickly turn toward the voice to see Jonah standing there. \"Jonah! Glad you're here! Now I swear I'm going crazy but I heard a voice. Couldn't have been you thought since you don't speak.\" ' Maybe I did ... and maybe I didn't.\" (2.) I look at him with wide eyes. \"Since when can you talk!?\" Jonah chuckles to himself and says, \"This is actually the first time I've been able to.\" \"Have you never tried to speak to others?\" \"I've tried but you are the first person to actually understand me and respond since I died..\" \"Ohhh...\" A long somewhat awkward silence fills the room until I ask, \"Umm...Jonah? If you don't mind my asking. When did you die?\" Jonah's crosses his arms and looks up as if he's thinking. \"I can't seem to remember the date precisely. I just remember it was cold. It must've been in the fall or winter...\" I nod then continue cleaning. \"I see...\" \"Oh! I do however remember that it was on a friday!\" (3.) \"How do you remember it was on a friday?\" \"I remember we held seances on fridays.\" \"Wait...seances? As in...contacting the dead?\" Jonah's eyes widen when he realized what he said. \"Uh umm I-I-I h-have to go.\" He quickly turns and walks off. \"Jonah wait!\" I drop the broom and run after him to hear the familiar sound of him disapearing. I look around frantically. \"Jonah!? Jonah!? Please don't leave! You can talk to me!\" I then hear the sound again behind me. I sigh and turn around. \"Jonah, I'm glad you'-\" White. White eyes...Staring in nowhere in particular...but look aimed right at me. All I can do is stare back in fear. Next thing I know I feel searing heat wrapped around my neck, blocking sweet oxygen to pass through. I grab the hands gripping my neck to feel the same heat on my hands. Weakly clawing at the hands, I see blurry black dots appear in my vision. My vision goes black and I slip from reality. Everything is empty. I see nothing, hear nothing, I can't even think. All I feel is the pain. *Later*(Jonah's P.O.V) \"Jonah!? Jonah!? Please don't leave! You can talk to me!\" I look down at the young girl as she looks around frantically. ' The one person I can finally talk to in 60years and I screw up. I doubt she'll help me now.' I look down at her to see one of \"them\" strangling her. \"NO!\" I rush over to her and push it off her. \"LEAVE!\" It lets go of her and disapears. As she begins to fall I reappear and throw my arms out to catch her to see her fall through my arms and hit the floor. I immediately drop to the ground and lean over her desperately trying to shake her awake. Hoping that I magically can help her. \"Rikki! Rikki! Please wake up!\" I sit and stare at the pained expression on her face. \"I'm so sorry Rikki! I shouldn't have left you alone!\" I look down and ball my fists untill they're ghost white. (4.) ' It's all my fault...the one person who could've saved us all is going to die like the rest of us-' I'm snapped out of my thoughts when I hear the front door slam shut. I decide to revert back to an invisible state and look around to see a small vase. \"I need to get them in here to find her.\" I pick up and throw the vase quickly on the ground. I hear a female's voice. \"What on earth was that.\" Footsteps get louder as the house's residents get closer. \"Oh my god! Rikki!\" The blonde older woman, Sarah, runs over to Rikki and hold her body in her arms. \"What are these marks?...Matt! Get the phone and call an ambulance!\" The boy runs out of the room. Sarah gently pets Rikki's head as a means to soothe her. 'How I wish I could do something to help her...No. I saved her. I didn't do a great job at protecting her but I saved her...or am I just saying that to justify myself for her attac?' *Later*(Rikki p.o.v) Darkness is all I see. A void of emptiness. ' He's near.' I look around to pinpoint where the voice is coming from. 'He is near.' 'What?' 'Stay away from the fire.' Next thing I know I feel slight pressure and sudden awareness as if I just woke up. 'Was that a dream?...Wait...do I hear beeping?' I slowly open my eyes to be blinded by light. I throw my arms over my eyes in an attempt to save them from the light. I let my eyes adjust to see myself in, what looks like a hospital room. I look over to my side to see medical equipment and an IV in my arm. 'Where am I?' I look around the room. I try to call for a doctor but quiet raspy sound comes out as I cringe in pain. ' My voice! Why can't I speak!?' 'It's all my fault...' 'Jonah?' 'Indeed it is I.' 'Jonah,...what happened? I can't remember anything.' 'I'm afraid all of this is my fault...' 'How? W hat could you have done to get me into the hospital?' '...I abandoned you...I was afraid. After I mentioned the seances...I...I thought you'd run away like others who once lived in the house...After I left you were attacked by one of them. He choked you and burned your throat. You passed out before I got him off of you.' I close my eyes and relax. 'It's not your fault, Jonah. They would have attacked anyway...but you saved me when they did. That's all that matters.' '...Thank you, Rikki. You don't know how relieved I feel now.' 'Glad you feel better, Jonah...now if you don't mind my asking, where are you? I don't see you in the room.' 'That is because I am at the house. I am unable to leave.' 'Why can't you leave?' 'My remains are in the house.' 'You're body is in...the house?' '...Yes...if you can even call my remains a body anymore.' 'Oh...change of subject. Assuming I've been here since I left the house. How long have I been gone?' 'Hmmmm I would say around 7days,' 'Seven days!? Was I in a coma or something!?' 'Since I was unable to speak to you until now, I would assume so.' 'This is going to cost me so much mo-' I'm cut off by the sound of a door closing. I open my eyes to see a nurse in the room. He doesn't appear to realize I'm awake. I try to speak to get his attention but I fail. I instead try to whistle. That fails as well. 'Guess I have to wait for her to notice m-' Atchoo! The nurse looks up from his clipboard and looks at me. \"Oh! You're awake! I'm gonna go tell the doctor.\" She then runs out of the room. After a few minutes the doctor comes back and sees me wide awake in bed. \"Ah, so you are awake. First, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Doctor Rick James.\" I raise my eyebrow at him, questioning his name. \"That looks never get's old. I recieve the same look when I tell people my dog is half german shepperd and half pomeranian.\" He laughs to himself and continues. \"I would ask how you're doing Miss Valentine but I'm sure you have noticed that you are unable to speak.\" I sadly nod my head. I never did like losing my voice. I remember when I screamed too much at an ice rink. Took a year for me to recover completely. Mind you I could talk but my singing wasn't so good. Couldn't hit my usual notes so easily. The doctor comes over and sits down in a chair then sighs. \"Miss Valentine? I am afraid to say...but I have bad news.\" *Week Later*(5.) So I'm finally back at the house. Not sure whether I'd rather be in the hospital eating their horrible food or fighting off 'No Lids'. Guess Jonah's here so I'd rather be here. I can finally speak but not entirely as well as I used to. Actually, according to the doctors, my voice may never fully recover. My hopes and dreams were crushed. Talking is one thing but never being able to sing again? Making music is my life! Well I could learn to play an instrument but to master it would take a long time. If I'm dedicated I can. Unless the band fancies my flute playing. I walk around the house to find Billy, Mary, and Wendy in the living room. Billy is the first to notice me. \"Rikki!\" He runs over with Mary behind him. They hug my waist as I scruff up their hair. Wendy walks off into the kitchen and comes back with a notepad, pen and a cup of tea. I nod to Wendy in thanks and sit down on the couch. I look at the notepad and notice it had kittens on the corner. I look up and smile at her and she smiles back, relieved that I liked the notepad. I'm allergic to cat's and don't neccesarily like them but hey they're cute little bastards so bite me. Just because I don't like them doesn't mean I can't check 'em out. Like those fit, perverted, \"I screw anything pussy wise\" dudes. Total eye candy but not like I'd go up to one and be like \"Hey! Douche nozzle! Wanna get your dick wet tonight?\" (5.) \"RikkI!\" I snap up and look in the direction I hear my name. I see Matt staring at me with a blank look on his face. \"You were thinking about something stupid weren't you...\" I nod my head. \"Do I want to know?\" I shake my head no. He has no idea. 1. Crap. I havn't worked on this in weeks and I forgot why I made sure nobody was in the house. Guess it's 'make up random filler crap time'! :D(As if the whole story itself isn't a filler. I usually come up with stories that have a beginning and an end. Anything else is a filler to bring the two together. xD But I do make the \"filler\" important in the story so the story itself isn't a load of bull.) Hmmmm guess I'll tell you guys what song inspired the plot! No idea if it was out on a tape yet. The song came out a year before the setting for the movie and I doubt it was on tape at all unless Bonnie Tyler had an album on tape. Or Footloose had an album. I wouldn't know. Was born Jan 1993. 2. For the slow ones, the part in italic Jonah said in her head. The rest was spoken. 3. First, I'm sure Jonah wouldn't have been so nonchalant about answering that question but well...meh. XD I'm a horrible author. I know. Also according to the movie, the seances were held on fridays. Any other day I'd assume they did mortuary stuff or whatever they normally did outside of work. I wanted to get that point out since I may be the only author who knew this from examining the movie.(Don't get me started on how many times I watched the movie or looked up specific scenes and internet for information...hey! Guess I'm not THAT bad of an author :D) 4. Pun FULLY intended! XD It magically popped into my head and was like OOOOOOO I USE! XD Somewhat breaks the sad moment but meh. My story. I do what I want. Plus...when the story ends. People will know what I wanted in my story. Not that I don't care for my story. I really do but..well...you'll find out at the end of our journey ;) 5. Don't even ask me about that. I don't even know. I felt like being a straight up idiot. I think I slightly broke from my character and acted like me for heck's sake. I am looking forward to the lovely reader's reactions. That's it. I'm done. I need to sleep. I have to work and I'd like to nap before I faint so Ima post this and edit stuff later to explain things cuz now I'm way too tired to do anything correctly and I know my readers have waited ages. I wanted to make this longer but why make you wait longer? I added my sick humor to make this story...different in case it dragged on. Too tired to even be able to tell. I hope I got you to laugh tho. Otherwise I'll be feeling quite embaressed. XD Well I'm out...cold. Zzz Zzz[Chapter 6] Monday, October 29, 2012 So I have an announcement I have to make. Concerning I Need a Hero Idk whether it will be easier or harder to write this story. I assume harder since life seriously hit me hard across the face and all I want to do is sulk alone or be with my bestfriend...whom I just found out has leukemia. She has a heart condition so...well to be frank...the chance of her surviving to turn 21 or even 19 is very slim. So if I continue this story it will get much much worse.(Emotional, depressing and just everything I'm feeling right now since I know what it's like for my bestfriend/sister to be so close to death.) Things are about to get real. I truly need God as my hero more than ever. Oh and on a final note...I like things to be in order so when I put up the next chapter(which I am re-writing again to fit how I feel.)it will be here. So until next time guys...later. ","Summary":" Hey people! I'm Jen, or wolfy. This isn't my first fanfiction but it is the first one I've done in "},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Beneath the Cedar Tree","Author":"anne-not-neville","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11432029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One July Fifteenth, 1926 I'd never layed awake in the vicious yet lonely hours of the night, running over thoughts that made my feet ache and mind rheel. I'd never thought of things like these, not since I heard the news of my uncle's death. Tragic as it was I hadn't shed a tear, you see as unprepared as I was for the news I understood that death happened to even the best of us. Yet at times like these when I thought about the emptiness that occurs when death claims you, I couldn't help but tremble with fear and the cursid power of knowing. Death turns you into nothing, a true impression of a forgotten life. It was scary, I'll admit that. My attention had been abruptly brought back to reality as my mother set a glass plate on the table, my ears ringing from the sudden noise. She rested a hand on her hip and raised an eyebrow eyeing me curiously. \"What has gotten into you, Penelope Withers?\" Her voice was strict and demanding just as a mother's should be, but she couldn't mask the concern hiding beneath her gentle words. \"Nothing, I am fine mother.\" I promised with as much sincerity I could muster, my words were tight and rigid. However it wasn't necesarrily a lie. I was sort of fine, you see I wasn't sad or anything, everything lately has just had more meaning than it should, especially our neighbor. One of which my mother swore if she caught me talking to him she would skin me alive. A promise I really didn't want to see if she'd keep, so I kept my distance yet he was always at the back of my mind. Especially at school when I heard the mean and selfish words leave the other kids mouth, the tourment was relentless but it was as if he didn't care. Ever since his father pulled him out of school I have been thinking about him more lately, my mother told me I wasn't allowed to talk to him but seeing him was inevitable considering we lived right next to each other. \"I was just thinking,\" I started off, drawing out the 'g' in thinking as I thought up an excuse. \"about the future.\" I let the words roll of my tongue easily, she raised an eyebrow clearly not buying my little act. If she wanted to say something about it she showed no sign of it, for she shut her mouth and continued laying out plates. \"Go get you father, and sister, make sure you both wash up. Dinner's done.\" I bit my lip knowing I'd chosen the wrong words, my mother didn't sound mad nor did she give away any signs of being upset but she guilting me almost as if she wanted to spill the contents of my brain and use the thoughts littering the area for her novel. My mother had been extra strict on me, especially in school. We were known for our families brains and looks, therefore I had to look poise and ready for anything but I'd also have to keep up with my grades. My mother had been exceptionally beautiful when she was my age, and she swore that every lick of her good looks were passed onto me, for I was a spitting image of her. My sister and I shared the same light blue eyes and fair skin. The similarites stopped there, my hair fell in short ringlets at my shoulders, the darkest shade of black you could find, whereas her hair fell into long tresses down her back. She had freckles linning her cheeks and instead of matching jet black hair she had dark brown hair. She was almost like a doll in her porcelain beauty, yet not quite as beautiful as my mother, perhaps her beauty shone through in a different way. I was the eldest, at sixteen, she being not far behind me at fourteen. My parent's never wanted a large family, my father spent most of his time at work and writing had occupied my mother's time therefore it seemed unfair to bare children you wouldn't have time to love. Two however was seemingly the perfect number, for we knew we were loved even if they didn't shower us in hugs and kisses we knew the love was there. Their love was a different kind, one they couldn't show through words or actions ones that could only be inferred by the stern glares reprimanding words bouncing off their tongues, to the tight liped smiles offering their pride. I did as my mother asked and I stumbled out of the room in search for my father's studies where he would undoubtedly be. I knocked on the door first, knowing my father liked his privacy. His formal words reached my ears and I pulled open the large oak door. \"Mother says dinner is ready.\" I announced nodding curtly, I was greeted by a mop of brown hair. My father was tall and slender, stuble lingering on his almost always cleanly shaven jaw, his hair a bob of curls unlike the usual sleak backed style he usually sported. It was often I found him in this state, when he had nothing but his privacy and I barged in, almost as if I was interrupting something. He was constantly worrying over his company and the bills, which he really shouldn't because we were one of the wealthiest families in town, my father owned many companies and my mother had been known for her meandering words shit he'd together effortlessly crafted, woven into the ashen sheets of paper lingering in her typewriter. The stress left his eyes momentarily as his smile widened, crinkles were formed at the edge of his eyes betraying his age. I let out a soft sigh before exiting swiftly. I knew my father loved me yet I found our conversation's painfully awkward. We rarely knew each other and he'd almost always asked the wrong thing. I trapised up the steps my forehead wrinkled in concentration. \"Don't do that, you'll get wrinkles.\" Mary my younger sister chastied. Don't get me wrong I loved her for all she was and we were somewhat close, but she was constantly reprimanding me and tattling on me whenever I'd done anything bad. I suspected it was because she thought I was the favorite and if she sucked up it would switch, yet she should know that there were no favorites. Not in my parent's books at least, even if you were the favored child they'd never show it, you weren't their main priority, you were merrily a background noise interrupting their plans. Alas that hadn't been entirely fair. I knew that. Perhaps Mary thought being favored by our parents would be the stepping stone to the world she dreamed of claiming, yet she should know, on top of the world was a lonely place. Mary was beautiful, gorgeous even yet she was obsessed with the way she looked, she was almost always telling me how lucky I was to be naturally beautiful when she needed to spend hours on end getting ready. I was in no way shape or form lucky, to be honest I'd never really cared about my apperance and I'd always found it curious as to why mother and Mary spent almost every second looking in the mirror as if they blinked too quickly they'd somehow loose some of the beauty linning their prominent features. I rolled my eyes, Mary pushed past me knowingly. I followed behind her my feet landing on the wooden stairs harder than I'd meant causing them to let out a squeak and Mary rolled her eyes probably making a sarcastic comment in her head. I loved my family, more than anything. To be fair however, I don't really know what love is, the nicest my sister had ever been was offering a kind smile and telling me I looked pretty. The closest thing to affection my mother showed me was the soft smile that would etch iteself into her pristine features was when I got good grades. It never lasted forever, therefore I didn't really know what love was, but I would die for them, and that was the only way I could explain it. If that wasn't love, then I really didn't know what it was. My family was far from perfect, and we were filled with flaws and kinks but for as long as I could remember we'd had each other and that was all that I really cared about. Because we may not have been perfect but we were content. Hello, I have decided to start writting a haunting in connecticut fanfiction. I recently watched the movie - I'd seen it a while ago when I was like eleven, but I rewatched it and the moment I seen Jonah's face I knew I'd be writing a fanfiction about him. You see this movie is kind of old, like six years old therefore, there isn't that many fanfictions out there. Well there is but all of them are like six billion years old and incomplete so I thought I might attempt to bring the life back to Jonah and his fanfiction. If you liked this, please let me know what you think and I'll update soon, whether anyone's actually reading or not. P.S. I know nothing of the 1920''s therefore I am in no shape to be writing this, but some of the information in this is very fictional and loosely based.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two July Seventeenth, 1926 I should have known we'd cross paths, I mean we lived right next to each other we were bound to see each other, right? My mother couldn't be mad at me for something that was accidental. I didn't plan on him looking at me, nor did I plan on him talking to me. Yet it may not have helped that my voice raised three octave's higher and I nearly screamed when our eyes made contact. Jonah Aickman was like a forbidden fruit, and it was as if he was tempting me, like he wanted me to talk to him. Didn't he know most kids would get in serious trouble if caught even looking at him for too long, let alone talking? He should have known, and he shouldn't have been so selfish. Thankfully my mother had been too busy finishing up her book to even notice she had children, not that I minded. Her books were excellent and it was often she'd snap at us if we'd interrupted her. My mother was a kind woman, or at least she had been. Writing had turned her senile, if not that stressed to say the least. However it wasn't Jonah's fault I had peeked through the curtains disobeying my mother's strict rule, therefore I couldn't blame my curiosity on his greed. It shocked me, to say the least when I found him leaning against a large cedar tree in his backyard with a book in his hand. It was rude to spy on people, especially people you just practically screamed at for no legitmate reason. Yet once again I couldn't ignore the tempation hiden behind the sullen turn of a page. Out of all of it, I was curious as to what on earth he'd been reading. I'd read my library clean dry, and my mother's material had been embedded into my brain as I often gave her pointers she wouldn't listen too. It was quite rare I went a week without visiting the library to find more books, I'd hardly say it mattered what I read, it mostly varried from cook books, to greek myths. I didn't think Jonah Aickman would read, if anything I thought he'd be worshiping satan in his basement or something. The way my mother had described him I figured he was pure evil. However, there was nothing evil about the way his blue eyes closed only momentarily as if scared he'd miss out on what the world had to offer. Yet there couldn't be much offered to a boy as such as he, after all half the town thought he did voodoo and the other half that he was the devil reincarnated. Yet his eyes stayed open, looking for a change that the universe clearly wouldn't give him. \"What are you looking at?\" If there had been a time for Mary to catch her doing something she wasn't supposed it had to have been now, why not when I broke our mother's expensive vase while flying down the steps as a child to fetch my work book. Or when I'd accidentally spilt ink all over my mother's freshly printed words, it had to been when I was stalking their neighbor. I internally growned, rolling my eyes at her sudden presence. \"Nothing.\" I tried earnestly, but Mary raised a skeptical eyebrow in disbelief. It was evident she thought I was lying, no she knew I was lying. Instead of ripping the curtain open like I thought she would, and catch me caught in a mouse trap she gave a slight nod and turning on her heel quickly. I had no idea what had caused this shift in her behaviour but I wasn't going to question it, I couldn't possibly question her when she had basically saved me from getting in severe trouble. After that I had decided to do what any reasonable person would do, I pushed him to the back of my mind, and pretended he never even existed. Yet that had been easier said than done, especially because I had almost blurted out his name three times while in the midst of conversation with my mother. It wasn't until later that night had been able to relieve my stress and let my thoughts run wild in the unholy hours of the night, while I knew for a fact my mother and father were asleep. Yet as I paced back and forth across my room, my feet making contact with the harder wood floor harder each step I had completely forgotten about my sister. She had startled me when I caught her looking in from the doorway, I took a seat on my bed immeditely as if pretending nothing was wrong, and that wasn't a lie because nothing was wrong. Jonah Aickman was a mystery, one of which I couldn't even get three words out. I shouldn't be thinking about him, it was wrong and stupid. I literally just saw him reading a book, there was no reason what so ever for me to be obsessing over him this much yet I couldn't help but wonder what he thought when he read, or how ashamed or proud he felt when the petrefied eyes of others made contact with his own beautifully crafted light blue eyes. \"Aren't you supposed to be asleep it's like, really late.\" Mary said skeptically taking a seat next to me on my bed, I could ask her the same thing, however. For she was up at the ungodly hour just like me, therefore she hadn't had much room too talk and I was quick to point this out. \"Well it's hard to sleep when all I hear is you stopping around in here.\" Mary fired back irritable and it was then I sensed there was more than met the eye, to think of it Mary had been acting strangely lately and I couldn't quite figure out what had caused the shift in her behaviour. Needless to say, I'd been too wrapped up in myself to even think about paying attention to her. \"I'm sorry I didn't mean to keep you from sleep, I was just thinking about things.\" I answered nonchalantly hoping she couldn't see through my somewhat lie. I hadn't been entirely remorseful at the news of her not being able to think, yet it hadn't been a lie when I told her I was thinking about things. For I was thinking about things, perhaps not normal things or, things I should be thinking, yet I was still thinking them. \"What's got you so riled up today, earlier you acted as if I caught you murdering something. You looked so guilty.\" Mary observed and I immediately wanted to tell her off, about how she hadn't been acting normal lately either and she couldn't just pin all of this on me, but alas I stayed quiet and let her talk. \"I was just looking at something out the window, it was nothing. Yet that doesn't explain why you've been acting so strange yourself.\" I answered the words leaping off my tongue before I could filter them, even I could hear the singe of bitter binded to my harsh whisper. \"For some reason I don't quite believe it was nothing, come on what's going on, Penelope?\" Mary had completely side stepped my accusation with a form of a question, concern radiating from her eyes. The role was supposed to be switched, the older sister was supposed to offer the younger sister advice about what shoes you should absoloutely never wear or what kind of boys to stay away from. It was seemingly the role had been reversed and Penelope hadn't liked it all that much, to say the least. \"Nothing's going on, I am completely fine. Just a little restless thinking about school and what not.\" I explained exasperatedly, she bit her lip nodding. For a minute, I could actually believe that she had believed my lies, and I could get away from my little sister without further interrogation but like most things I was wrong because she continued. \"Is there a boy? Are you freaking out beacuse of a boy? If you are, you shouldn't. I mean boys are stupid and worthless and just cause you pain in the end.\" Her words were bitter and harsh. Even I as ignorant as I may have been I could hear how much hatred lingered in her words for the oppiste specimen. Something had must have happened because two days ago I'd hear her talking about this boy had been interested in seeing her. \"Listen it's not a boy, I've had my mind on school. However I think there's something going on Mary, did something happen? Are you okay?\" And for a moment Mary almost considered unloading all of her secrets to her older sister, to spill the suffering she'd endured. For a moment Mary had let a stray tear fall but as quick as it had come it had gone, because Mary didn't like sharing her feelings. \"No I am fine, I am going to sleep. Get some rest and don't worry too much about school, your brilliant and won't have any trouble, I know it.\" Mary said formaly her voice tight and rigid as she exited the room leaving me to bask in an uneasy silence. I had know idea why Mary had to keep it all bottled up and recoiled at even the gentlest touch. Instead of pacing around her room to prevent her sister from more sleep she decided to curl up in bed and perhaps save her thought's on Jonah for another die. It wasn't just Mary hiding something, and I knew it was selfish to think that Mary had it all together. After all she was only fourteen. Therefore looking back on it now I probably shouldn't have priedas much as I had. Yet it seemed that everyone in this family was hiding something. Looking back on it now, I probably should have edited this. I'll edit it later, for sure. I know no one is really going to read this, but in case any HiC fans come back they can find comfort or at least a little bit of peace to know it's not completely abandoned. Sorry for any mistakes and all that jazz, have a lovely day![Chapter 3] Chapter Three July twenty-fifth, 192 It wasn't until eight days later had I seen Jonah again, it was at the library. I'd literally managed to make it eight days without thinking about Jonah, and just as I was getting ready to forget about him for good, he shows up at the library. I couldn't be too mad, this was a public place, and people came to the library, not just me. After our last conversation, which I really wouldn't categorize as a conversation I assumed he'd stop trying to talk to me. No such luck, when I turned the corner to head to my normal section, where all the good books were he was standing there. Studying the books carefully, a crease in between his eyebrows, his hands into the pocket of his trousers. \"Hi, Penelope.\" At first I was hoping he hadn't noticed me as I attempted to sneak out of that isle and hide in another until he left, of course he wouldn't make this easy on me. He must have been pretty dang naïve, I didn't want to talk to him, I couldn't I'd get into loads of trouble and the lengths he went to, to talk to me suggested he knew what he was doing. Or perhaps he was merrily desperate, in need of a conversation with something that had a beating heart, or at very least had one, because Aickman clearly didn't. \"Oh, uh hey Jonah. Fancy seeing you here, yeah?\" I could have just said a simple hi, and left it at that. I could've turned around, and I could've left. I could've gave him the cold shoulder, ignored him, and maybe even teased him. Surely after that he'd leave me alone, right? Of course I didn't, because if I had there would be no story. \"I try to get out whenever I can, it's hard staying cooped up inside all day, but today I am only here on request of Ramsey.\" I'd never heard him talk this much before, I'd never even thought about how little he spoke or how much I enjoyed hearing the sound of his voice, or how interesting it was to watch the words roll of his tongue effortlessly. Of course in my spiel of shock, and realization I hadn't bothered to question why he called Aickman, Ramsey instead of father. Then again, it wasn't really my business. \"Oh, well if you ever find yourself out again uh it'd be cool to see you at the library again, maybe.\" I mumbled tensing up at my offer. Not only was I prolonging the conversation, but I was basically handing him an invitation with the words; let's be friends, written all over it. \"Yeah, maybe.\" He gave a court nod, almost as if sensing how much I didn't mean my previous words. He must have found what he was looking for because within seconds he pulled out a thick book, squeezed past me with an excuse me and was gone before I had time to comprehend what had happened. I looked around nervously, almost as if I was trying to see if anyone had seen our exchange. For if they had, I'd be the talk of the town and god only knows what my mother would do then, but of course she would probably be too busy focusing on her book to even realize I'd been going behind her back. It was especially hard to concentrate after he'd left, I was shaken up by the whole thing, to say the least. I didn't have the heart to pick out a new book so I shuffled through the tight corridor and out the door, ready to put today behind me. \"Hey, Penelope!\" My head shot up quickly and I wiped around ready to face the owner of the voice. I caught sight of a few boys from school, my two best friends, Elliot and Florence tagging alongside the other two. I gave a halfhearted smile as I met the group half way. \"We were thinking about going to the cemetery later on, lots of people are going to be there. I think Mary even got an invitation, what'da ya say? Ready to come party with the cool crowd?\" My stomach twisted in response, wasn't one to party and I certainly did not want to go to a party in the cemetery. I bit my tongue, so I didn't end up yelling at the four, for using my sister against me. \"I don't really like parties, especially ones that take place in cemeteries.\" I mumbled rubbing the back of my neck awkwardly, stiffing at the laugh that escaped their lips. \"Don't be so lame, you'll love it. I promise. Unless you're scared of ghost's.\" Florence howled, Elliot mimicking the sound you'd think ghost's make. \"Don't be ridiculous, we all know ghosts aren't real. Listen, parties aren't exactly my thing. You all know that. So in conclusion, I am going to say no. Back away and hope you guys never bring this up again.\" I tried stepping backwards but stumbling. I shut my eyes tight bracing myself for the impact, and embarrassment that was sure to come when I opened my eyes and saw my friends laughing at what a klutz I was. Instead I found myself bouncing back up, due to strong arms that had caught me before I hit the ground. Florence and Elliot let out an awkward cough, the two boys face twisting in horror. Venom radiated from the four and I was incredibly confused until I turned around facing my savior. Of course it had to be none other than Jonah Aickman. At this point I think I would have preferred falling to the ground and getting teased. I cleared my throat before shooting Jonah a grateful smile, at a loss for words. However the two boys, who I definitely should know the name of were not. They cracked their knuckles and tilted their head, jaws clenched as if it made them more superior in some way. Florence pulled me aside, Elliot shielding me from the view of what was taking place. I heard a harsh yelp and I knew it had come from Jonah, for some reason I had the urge to start crying. As if that would solve anything, so instead of bursting into tears I let out a soft sigh. Positive I was going to bolt in the other direction and leave Jonah to his fate. Instead I pushed past Florence and Elliot who were attempting to hold me back. I was almost grateful, as if this would make up my mind if I'd stay or go. I was close to turning around and committing to my original plan but the sight of Jonah was too much, and I couldn't take it because he didn't deserve this. I pulled my arms free, \"Stop it! Stop it right now!\" My voice cracked and it was small. It was going nothing to change the grunts coming from the two boys as they hit Jonah repeatedly. I pushed past them standing in front of Jonah. I was bracing myself for the punches they'd intended for Jonah but they never came, because when I opened my eyes that were previously shut tight I was greeted with looks of shock. \"You're all sick, he didn't do anything to you guys.\" I growled, there was no sign of the weak and helpless girl that had failed miserably at getting them to listen. I helped Jonah to his feet, and assessed his injuries. Florence and Elliot now being dragged away by the two boys, who were letting offensive strings of curses leave their mouths. His blue eyes looked dull, no longer holding the spark I'd never knew I'd seen in them. His lip was bruised, his eyes swollen, and blood trickled down his nose. \"I'm sorry.\" Had been the only thing I could manage because the sight of the bruises were too heavy for my heart, and at this point competence was impossible. \"We should go home, Ramsey will wonder where I am, and you wouldn't want anyone to know I was with you or anything,\" I shrugged his words harsh, but I deserved them and I bowed my head in response. He took off in the direction of our houses, me following behind slowly. My head bowed in shame, as I breathed in the events that had just taken place. I never knew eyes could be anything but a color, but as I saw the light in his dying I knew I didn't want them to ever be just a color again. They deserved all the vibrance the world would give it. Jonah Aickman was messing with my head, his eyes lingering in the back of my mind, Yesterday I had barely uttered a word to him, and today we'd had a full on conversation and he took a few punches for me. I wasn't allowed to talk to Jonah Aickman, he was bad news. He was right, I didn't want to be seen with him. I need to stop thinking about him, I need to stop talking to him, and I most certainly need to stay away from him. So I finally updated after like ten thousand years, which was because I was heavily inspired by Ghost of Music Past, who has wrote this incredible story that I absoloutely love. Plus I had free time, (by that I mean instead of doing my homework, I wrote this.)[Chapter 4] Chapter Four July Thirty-First, 1927 I didn't know a lot about my birth, just that it was incredibly dark out, and snow had blocked the path to any hospital. My father was alone, with a hormonal pregnant lady who'd be ready to pop out a baby at any minute. I knew that it was a dark day, and my mother had almost died. In fact her heart had stopped beating for a few minutes, but it wasn't long until every doctor in town was at our house, despite the roaring blizzard outside. I kind of knew today was going to be bad, from the way my mother's eyes narrowed whenever they landed on me. She had opened her mouth almost as if she was going to say something but shut it tightly, a consistency in these actions had lead me to believe something was wrong. Which was to be expected considering what had taken place only days ago. It wasn't until later had she sat me down, venom dripping from every inch of her words. I knew I was in trouble, my heart beat was the only thing I could hear, and my hands slid together nervously. \"Penelope, I've received word of some very interesting news.\" She sat cross legged, her brown eyes glaring at me pathetically. She sat up straight, formality woven into her words. I didn't want to stay to find out what she'd discovered, but I most certainly couldn't run away, or do anything of the sort. \"I've heard you've been spending time with that devil boy, next door. What did I tell you about him? He is evil, no daughter of mine shall even look at such a despicable thing. I've been holding off on punishing you because today is your birthday. However, that doesn't mean I am not mad. You will not leave this house without your sister, you will come straight home from school every day and if I hear of you anywhere near the library I will not allow you to leave period. You have a standard to hold, and it shall not be lowered because of your interest in such bizarre things, your punishment shall become effective immediately starting tomorrow.\" She stood up, and slithered away clenching and unclenching her fists, cursing under her breath. I was a disappointment, that's what I was in my mother's eyes, surely in my father's as well. I wasn't even allowed to leave the house without supervision, I could never go to the library again? I didn't ask for this. It was his fault, I knew one thing for sure, I absolutely hated Jonah Aickman. I felt winded, my breathing had become labored. The library would be closing in a few hours, and with my mother's punishment lingering over my head I knew this was my last chance. I pulled on my flats and yanked open the door, legitimately sprinting torwards the library. Everything should have went fine, I should have got their and came back without a hitch. Of course I was klutzy and had the worst luck ever, therefore nothing ever goes to plan. I was a block away and I was sure I'd get there in enough time to find a few books and bask in the beauty of the library before it was taken from me, forever. However as I turned the corner I ran straight into someone. Normally I would burst out into apology, and ask if said person was okay, but I had literally just declared my hatred for this human mere minutes ago. \"Watch where you're going, freak!\" I hissed, however my anger had died down when I caught sight of his freshly bruised face. It was worse than when he first got the marks, and I was sure some new ones were added. I didn't have long to feel bad because his words were just as harsh as mine. \"What do you know? You're just like the rest of'm. Mindless hypocrites.\" For some reason this made me upset, I didn't want to be like the other kids at school only acknowledging what the town had to say about him. I wanted to be kind to everyone. I wanted to be different from the rest, but I was currently banned from the library starting tomorrow and that was my place. Jonah was ruining my life, and I was letting him. \"It's all your fault you know that, I didn't want to talk to you. I don't even like you, you're weird and creepy. I was just trying to be nice. Now guess what, my mother thinks I am a disappointment, and I am banned from the library forever, starting tomorrow. So if I know anything, I know that this is absolutely all your fault, and you're just a selfish weirdo.\" I didn't really mean everything I said, but he'd made me mad and I was trying to make him hurt. Well mission accomplished because he stormed away, his blue eyes wide in horror. As I watched him walk away, I was supposed to feel triumph, I was supposed to smile and be happy but I wasn't. The only thing I felt was empty, because he was right. I am just like the rest of them, selfish, mindless, and hypocritical. I half-heartedly continued walking to the direction of the library feeling miserable, a dull aching in my heart. I didn't have time to bask in what little time I had left in the library, because the moment I stepped inside I couldn't take it. I ran home, I didn't explain to my family why I was so upset and empty handed. I didn't eat dinner, and they didn't' ask me too. I just laid in bed, my eyes held together tightly as I heaved into the pillow. No tears would come out, I'd drained myself of my tears years ago. This pain I was feeling, wasn't Jonah's fault. It was mine. I had nobody to blame but myself and that only made me feel worse. I sat in the window, leaning my head onto the glass watching as the sun painted itself across the sky. I watched as everything became gold, but just as quick as it had come it was gone swallowed up by the promise of night. It wasn't long before I found myself nodding off to sleep, glaring at the stars. When I awoke fresh sunlight was streaming into the window, bringing warmth to my lifeless skin. Just as I was getting ready to leave, to get ready for the day I caught sight of brown locks and I knew I wasn't going anywhere. There he sat, beneath the cedar tree in his backyard turning the pages of his books, the galaxy in his electric blue eyes. But there was something off about the way his eyes stayed shut tightly, his book now long forgotten. It wasn't until I saw his shoulder's heave did I realize he was crying. Jonah Aickman was crying, not only did that make me feel even worse, I also wanted to cry. Which was weird because I never cry, ever. I heard a light knock on my door, immediately I knew it was Mary. I pulled the curtain's shut tightly and practically jumped onto my bed trying to get comfortable. I let out a soft cough, \"Come in.\" Mary came in, as I had instructed her eyes widening at the sight of my messy hair, and long since wrinkled clothing. In her hands she held a plate, and a box underneath her arm. She shut the door with her rear, and crawled up onto my large bed claiming the spot next to me. \"Hey.\" Her words were quiet almost as if she was afraid to break the porcelain shell I'd turned into overnight. She handed me the plate, \"It's just a pastry I got down the street. I figured it was better than nothing, and you must be hungry because you didn't eat dinner.\" I gratefully accepted the plate, offering Mary my best smile. \"Mom found out about your thing for Jonah, didn't she?\" Mary hesitated after a moment of my silent chewing. This had angered me, I didn't have a thing for Jonah. I mean sure, I liked watching him from the window, and his conversations excited me – to some level – but I would hardly say I had a thing for him. \"I don't know what you're talking about, I absolutely do not have a thing for him.\" My persistence, along with the fact that my voice had raised a couple of octaves were not helping my case at all. \"Whatever you say,\" she paused before letting out a soft sigh shaking her head at me. \"I uh I know you're not allowed at the library anymore so I got you some books, if you want I can head over there a couple times a week. You know get you some new books?\" She raised an eyebrow, looking at me curiously. I had never loved Mary so much in my life. Even though she was only fourteen, she knew a lot. When I had finished off the pastry, I pulled her into a tight hug. \"I love you, thank you so much for this Mary.\" She nodded, pulling away. She took the now empty plate, with her leaving the box in her place. \"Penelope, you can deny it as much as you want but I know you have a thing for Jonah. I won't tell anyone, and I won't ask any questions. I trust you and your judgement, to make the right call on this.\" I closed my eyes, having no time to be upset with my sister for accusing me for my so called 'thing' for Jonah Aickman, because she had left almost immediately after that. Sure it was a little weird I watched him from my window, but I don't have a thing for him. I hated him, he did this to me and I let him. I imagined my sister's disappointed blue eyes, as she spoke to me. She was the voice of reason, and she trusted me enough to make a decision, whether I'd pursue my so called 'thing' for Jonah or not. Which I so clearly wasn't, but she'd trusted me and she was smart enough to understand that that's what I wanted. Mary was my younger sister, but half the time she acted older. Her face was young with youth, but her voice was filled with knowledge far beyond her years. Yo so I updated again, thumbs up for my consistency. It probably won't last long, but I am pretty sure I'll start the next chapter in study hall tomorrow. I know this is like so frigging dramatic, omg I am so sorry. Yeah but so if anyone's reading this I would absolutely love it if you told me what you think, or at least that your there. But if not that's cool, I'll still update. Anyways, I don't want this to be too long. I hope you liked this, and so far this is my longest chapter, yeah that's also something I am going to work on. (Making my chapters longer.)[Chapter 5] Chapter Five August 1 ST , 1927 It wasn't until later that evening had I finally decided to face my family, of course after spending a shameful amount of time sitting at my window hoping Jonah would come out. I was still unconvinced I had a thing for him, I mean I hated him. I just really liked watching him from my window, okay so that sounded really creepy and sort of stalkerish. I was only watching him because I thought he was interesting, I mean you know what they say; 'Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies closer.' That's what I was doing, right? Research? My mother stood when I entered the room, quickly taking her leave not bothering to look at me. She was really mad at me, which I guess was understandable. She was incredibly worried about what everyone thought, and not to mention the never ending possibility I was going behind her back to talk to Jonah, which really wouldn't be helping her public image any. My father just gave a cough, following after my mother quickly. Mary bowed her head shamefully, part of me knew my father would always be on my mother's side, and I'd accepted that but it still hurt. I was still their daughter, I wasn't contaminated or anything. I took a seat next to Mary who was currently knitting a blanket or something, I had no idea what it was but by the way Mary's forehead creased I don't think she did either. After a few minutes of watching the catastrophe take place she pricked her finger and let a curse leave her mouth as she threw her handy work onto the table in frustration. \"What were you trying to make?\" I asked curiously, trying to make my words gentle. Mary had never really been good at knitting or anything of the sort but it was something she had taken up over the past month and I was trying to be as supportive as possible. \"I don't know I think it was a sweater.\" She mumbled bitterly. \"It's that bad isn't it?\" She asked a light smile tracing her lips as she looked down at the shameful piece of calamity she'd quit out of irritation. \"Yeah it is, but hey that's okay. When I first started reading I couldn't even pronounce the words, you're already a step ahead of me.\" I nudged her playfully and she rolled her eyes. \"If you're trying to make me feel better it's really not working, and I'd hope you would have used a better analogy.\" \"Well sorry I suck at everything,\" I laughed shrugging my shoulders, it was true. I really had no talents, and I was pretty lucky that my family was rich, and I had half decent looks to fall back on because, I legitimately had nothing going for me. Mary however, she was smart. She could get into any school she'd wanted, or do anything she wanted. She knew more than I did, which really wasn't hard because I had the IQ of a plastic house plant. \"Shut up, you're great. Mom wanted me to go to the market, are you up for that defying task?\" Mary asked raising an eyebrow, her knitting catastrophe long forgotten. I rolled my eyes as I pushed her playfully. To be honest, I think I really did need to get out of this house, I'd been stuck in it since yesterday and event thought that wasn't really that long, it felt like forever. I needed to get out, even if I had to be babysat by my younger sister. \"Alright let's go.\" I nodded, and she stood up quickly smoothing out her infamous blue dress, the one she wore constantly. She claimed it was her favorite but in reality I am pretty sure it was just the most comfortable, which now a days wasn't easy to come by. After all most women sported rib cracking corset's, and dresses that made you trip over your own feet. However, I can't really blame that one on the dresses, I trip over my own feet because I am a clumsy mess. I slipped on my flats, rolling my eyes at the heels Mary slipped on, how do people walk in those? She grabbed the weaved basket, Mother took when she went to the market, I watched as she carried it and it was then I knew that even if I looked more like her, Mary would always be the spitting image of her. Perhaps not in looks wise, or even personality wise, it was the predetermined fate she had lined out for her. Mary would grow a few more years, and then some boy would ask for her hand in marriage and she'd accept, three years later she'd already have her first child. Whether or not she spent her life the way mother had was up to her, soon she'd grow old, wrinkles covering her once beautifully face, her eyes shining with love and knowledge. Mary would live a great life, and I, oh I would probably grow old alone. No one wants to talk to the girl Jonah Aickman accidentally touched, in fears of being tainted. No boy would ever look at me and sigh startled by my inexplicable beauty, no boy would ever be brave enough to want to marry me, I'd have no children and I'd grow just as old as Mary, but twice as fast. That, I was certain of. I didn't have much time to think about fate and the destiny the world had decided for us, because the moment I stepped out of the house so did Aickman and his miserable son. Jonah's head was bent ashamed not bothering to look around with his crystal blue eyes, which once rarely ever closed, he didn't study the world looking for all the brightest places anymore. I don't think I'd ever actually seen Aickman but as I got a close up of his ugly face I was almost certain Jonah couldn't have possibly been his real son, that just wasn't possible. I decided immediately I did not like him, not one bit. I didn't like the skin the folded over each other in the corner of his eyes, I didn't like the creepy mustache he sported, and I most certainly did not like the way his shaky hands refused to stop moving, almost as if they had he'd lose all feeling in them. He gave off a bad vibe and in that moment I had never pitied anyone more. Mary tugged at my arm, It wasn't until dark brown eyes made contact with my own had I realized I was staring, not only did his widened eyes scare me, but the sinister look lingering in them or the meticulous smile placed on his lips. Chills ran down my spine and I wanted to go back inside, Aickman was creep and he was scary. Mary studied me curiously, as if daring me to go back inside, of course I didn't. Instead I followed her, bending my head so the cracked pavement was all my eyes could see. I watched my feet move like clockwork almost mesmerizing me. I felt it before I understood it, I watched it happen and I couldn't prevent it. My shirt was pulled backwards in a harsh tug by Mary, however she was far too late because I had walked straight into Aickman and now I was on the ground. Mary was on me in an instance, her arms reaching around my shoulders to help pull me up and dust me off, my eyes widened in horror as Aickman turned around. He got real close to my face and spoke rather slowly, \"you better watch were you are going girly, next time you won't bump into someone quite as kind.\" I scrambled to my feet, with the help of Marry, my voice stolen from me as I watched him smirk, slithering away quickly, almost gliding across the sidewalk, Jonah's arm in his tight grasp as he pulled him along. Jonah's wide blue eyes stared back at me and I almost apologized, I almost belted out a string of sorry's that no one but he would understand because Aickman and Mary would think I was talking about running into him, but Jonah knew, and I think I saw him give me a nod, but it all happened to fast and before I knew he was gone disappearing around a corner. \"Are you okay?\" Mary asked her voice raising a pith too high for her to be comfortable, her eyes wide as she checked me out for scrapes or scratches of sorts. She came up empty handed pulling me in for a hug, \"What were you thinking, running ahead of me like that!? It was as if you wanted it to happen, oh my god I am so glad you are okay, and I thought that creep was going to do some weird voodoo magic on you or something.\" When Mary had finally calmed down, after multiple 'I am fine's', and a few, 'he probably doesn't even know voodoo.' She had settled down enough for us to continue our journey to the market. This time I made sure I watched were I was going in case I did run into somebody else, when we'd reached the end of the street a smile fought its way onto my cracked lips as I caught sight of Elliot and Florence heading in our direction. I belted out a loud hello, and when I was sure Florence had looked me in the eyes she and Elliot exchanged glances walking the other direction. My heart stopped, they were ignoring me. It was clear that's what was happening. Because I had risked my neck to save Jonah they weren't talking to me, out of all the things I got mad at this was by far the thing that had upset me the most. They just sat there and watched as those two boys beat him, I was sure he was going to kill him, all he did was save me from falling. I wasn't mad at Jonah for this one, I was mad at them for not realizing that those two boys were wrong. I closed my eyes, clenching my fist tighter. School would be a nightmare that much I knew. There were probably rumors spreading around everywhere, and surely they were the source. I wasn't as angry as I should have been, I'd be done with school soon and I wouldn't have to face most of those people. I didn't regret what I did, despite how often I thought about that day and what I'd do differently. If they wanted to hate me or exile me for helping Jonah, and saving him from getting beat to death than they could go right ahead. I didn't really need them anyways. At least that's what I tried telling myself but as we got closer to the supermarket I felt like I was going to be sick. They had been my best friend's since I was six years old, what we become of our tarnished friendship now? To be honest, I am not sure I really want to know. Mary had let out a chorus of 'are you okay?' but I really wasn't in the mood to answer her, and I guess she understood. I had hit an all-time low, and I just wanted to hide from the world. Of course the universe hated me and had other things in mind, like suffering, perhaps. When we'd finally reached the market, Mary had run off to go find what she needed leaving me alone and vulnerable for people to point at and make petty jabs, calling me names just as bad if not worse as the ones they called Jonah. It hit me then, like a pile of bricks. The way I was being treated, the way people looked at me, the pity lingering in Mary's eyes, that's what Jonah had been enduring for years. It's not like he asked for what he got, I felt my world come crashing down. I felt so bad for him, and I hated myself even more every time I sank lower and lower to the ground. I pitied him, that's why I watch him, that's why I put up with our little conversations. I pitied him, perhaps worse than anyone else. That must have been why he was on edge, he was right. I was no different from the rest of the selfish, mindless, hypocrites that littered this town. I didn't want him to be right, I really didn't want him to be right but he was and I was just now seeing it. Maybe this is what Mary meant by my 'thing' for Jonah. I didn't want to pity him anymore, I didn't want to care about what everyone said whenever I came near him or tried to talk him. I wanted to have a normal conversation with him and tell him I was sorry. The world wouldn't allow that, they wouldn't let me apologize for being so ignorant and I was sure if it had allowed it Jonah wouldn't want to listen to it. He would think I was there to pity him again, or perhaps chant a few insults. The world was a messed up place, which I was finding out slowly, but surely. I regained my composure, rubbing my eyes and letting out a frustrated sigh. Mary had soon returned with our basket of goods and we began our walk home, the whole time I thought about what Jonah was doing, or what Aickman could be forcing him to do. \"Mary, remember when you said I had a 'thing' for Jonah, what did you mean by that?\" She stopped in her tracks and turned around to face me. She must have been caught off guard by the question because it took her a few minutes to get a clear response. \"You like him, don't you?\" It wasn't much of a response but it was one I could go off of, to be honest I wasn't quite sure if I liked him or not. Everything lately had been so confusing and it took me a minute to gain coherent thought's that I could translate into words. \"I don't know, I mean I think I do. I think I like him a lot, but I haven't really ever talked to him so how do I know? You know? I mean I am just so confused because he's very interesting to watch and I just want to know what he's all about but I can't ever possibly do that, right? Because what I want and what the world expects me to want are too completely different things, and I am almost sure mom hates me.\" For the first time in a long time I cried, I really cried and I wasn't sure I knew why. I mean it was because of Jonah, but I had absolutely no reason to cry. He was just a person, one the world would soon forget about, but I was just a person too. We all had the same predestined fate, so why did I have to be this person my mother had turned me into, why couldn't I just be who I was? Mary pulled me into her arms, dropping the almost overflowing basket of food onto the ground, rubbing circles into my back. This had comforted me greatly. I held her tighter and it seemed almost an eternity before she finally pulled away and told me that we had to get home, the words crushed my spirit but I didn't question it because she was right. We did have to get home, and our image wasn't getting any better by me crying in the middle of the sidewalk. It wasn't long until we had returned home, Mary nodded towards the stairs and I knew she wanted me to climb up them, while she went to work putting away everything. Then should would come upstairs and work her Mary magic, at least that's what I had to hope for. I did as she had suggested finding myself in my room, almost immediately I made it to the window took my place on the cushioned area looking out onto the world. He was there. A relief washed over me as I watched him sit beneath the cedar tree in his back yard, I watched as the tree sprouted up into a billion different directions, pulling at each other tugging its buddy into a different direction. All of them a few feet too short to ever reach their destination. My heart ached, as I watched Jonah flip the pages of his book desperately wanting to know what he was reading. I hadn't read much, at least not lately. Most of my thoughts were based around Jonah, thoughts of school, and what other people would think of me when I got there had been pushed to the back of my mind because all I saw and I all ever wanted to see was Jonah. Perhaps I did like him, but what I was feeling was created on a simple little thought manifesting in my heart, turning itself into something bigger than it was, and I was sitting there, becoming its willing victim. I think it was then I decided what I would do about my 'thing' for Jonah. It was clear I certainly didn't hate him, how do you make a decision like this? The answer was you didn't, you close your eyes and you let what happens happen. So if I am to be exiled by my family, or to become a social outcast, then it would be worth it. Right? Omg it's legit been forever, and I was right my updating literally did not stick. Haha, anyways hopefully I'll be able to right more, I started reading the maze runner and I am currently on the scorch trials and things are getting intense. Not that any of you really care. Anyways thanks for the reviews, and all that. I would love to know what you think and due to my nasty updating abilities I made this chapter super duper long. It's like 3,000 words. Which I am super proud of myself. Anyways thanks for reading and what not.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six August 5 th , 1927 Saying you'll do something and actually doing it are two completely different things. Like when I internally promised not to let what other's think of me stop me from doing what I thought was right, yeah well I still haven't put that whole plan thing in action. You see it's a lot difficult now that I can only ever leave the house with Mary, and the fact my parents don't trust me even in the slightest. I can't do anything without my mother questioning me and the only free time I have is when I am alone in my room. Sometimes I watch Jonah from my window but it's rare he comes out anymore, it's only been a few days but I've already burned through the few books Mary checked out for me and even though she said she'd go get me more when I was done, I wasn't too keen on that considering I couldn't even have a regular conversation with her without her bringing up Jonah. School would be starting up again soon, I don't think I could handle going back there. I haven't spoken to my so called friends in a while, I felt alone. It must be how Jonah feels, I have been itching to talk to him but the opportunity had never arose, and so I was stuck watching him from afar, creepily planning out what I'd say to him. It was happening, I was home alone and it was happening. My parent's had gone out for dinner and Mary was upstairs in her room knitting, she shouldn't be done for a couple of hours which would give me plenty of time to have a simple conversation and perhaps make things right with him. I was so nervous my stomach twisted painfully and I was sure I was going to hurl. I grabbed two fist-fulls of the top of my dress and twisted them around nervously. Now walking was more of a chore than it was something natural. Air had gone from something I needed to live, and turned into something that burned my lungs, and made me want to cough. With ever step closer to Jonah and his tree I wiped my sweaty palms on my dress, practicing the words I would say to him in my head. After all I had spent so much time thinking about this moment. What I didn't understand was why I was so nervous, he was just a boy and I'd had plenty of conversations with him before. (By that I mean like three.) The only time I'd ever actually been this nervous was when I had forgotten my homework in my room. Which I was grounded for because I couldn't show enough responsibility. However I'd gotten over that and I knew for certain I could get over this. He was there reading, just like he was the day before that and the day before that. He had his head bent over and his never closed, they refused to stop shinning and soaking up the knowledge the books were allowed to give him. If he knew I was there he gave no indication because he kept on reading even though my shadow kind of made it difficult to see the words, he had no trouble however, which made me think he read in the dark a lot. \"Jonah.\" I let out a cough that closely resembled a strangled animal. He looked up momentarily as if to figure out who I was and when he recognized me he turned back to his book disgusted. Not going to lie, that hurt. After all I should be the one disgusted, he was the one who practiced witch craft in his spare time. I internally groaned, this whole not letting what others say get to me thing was a lot harder than I thought it would be. Thank god I didn't say that last sentence out loud because the second I thought it I hated myself even more, I didn't know of he practiced witch craft, I didn't know what he did in his spare time and it was wrong of me to accuse him of it. Yeah, this was going to be a lot harder than I once thought. \"I uh want to talk to you,\" I tried again this time a little louder, as if to make my presence known. Which it already was, but the way he continued flipping through his book made her think he was ignoring her and that really did not sit right with her at all. \"What are you going to insult me again, accuse me of worshiping the devil?\" He asked his eyebrows raised, his voice tainted with bitterness and this was the nastiest I had ever seen Jonah. I deserved it, that I did it and it was time I finally faced my demons. This was going slightly better than I pictured it because in my mind he'd question my reasoning for coming into his yard, and then I'd have to calmly explain that I'd been watching him and things would get weird. Then he'd probably call for Aickman which would send me running for the hills, my parent's would most likely find out and where would I be then. \"No, I actually want to apologize for that.\" I answered, restraining myself from coming up with a not so clever retort that would put me even farther onto his bad side. He scooted over a bit and that was when I knew he was inviting me to sit next to him and let me tell you my heart did a little flip thing that almost made me stop breathing. Which was weird because that's never happened before, and I didn't really describe it too well but nothing is making sense and my mind is kind of hazy. \"So uh, I am sorry.\" Nice, that's exactly the way to do it. I slid down the tree, finding a spot right next to him. I wasn't close enough to touch him which was probably a good thing because then who knows what I'd do. I was a crazy, nervous, fool and I wanted nothing more than to get out of here but I had to stay true to my word so this was me, staying true to my word. \"Is that all?\" He asked raising only one eyebrow this time, something I personally could never master, which had drove me completely insane for couple of years when I was younger. That was all, really. I didn't want this time I had him alone to go to waste, and I didn't want me finally working up the courage to talk to him to go to waste either. I had no other reason to stay and if I tried continuing making conversation I'd probably just make a bigger fool of myself. \"No, I uh just wanted to talk to you.\" I mumbled rubbing my arm nervously, my eyes finding the ground as if I was too scared to look at him or even in his general direction. Out of the corner of my eye I saw him role his eyes again and I knew then I probably wasn't forgiven and it'd be better if I just got up and left, even if I would face eternal shame for having to walk out of his yard. I didn't want to go back to my window, I didn't want to watch him anymore. I wanted to talk to him because the real thing was much better than what I had tricked myself into believing. I thought that maybe if I just watched him from the window my thirst for talking to him would go away but no it just got stronger and that scared me. \"About?\" Okay so was it just me or was Jonah trying to torture me, he was being incredibly difficult to keep up conversation and I had to think fast because my mind had gone blank. All of this things I wanted to ask him, all of the things I yearned to know had left my brain all at once and I was left looking like a stuttering fool. \"Er what book are you reading? I mean see you reading a lot and I am always so curious as to what you read, I like to read everything and so maybe if I haven't read that book yet I could and then we could be you know reading the same book and that's kind of nifty, right?\" nifty, Nifty, NIFTY! Are you serious, I never say nifty, nor do I ramble! What was this boy doing to me? He held up the book to show me the title and I smiled, I'd read that book multiple times and it was one of my favorites. He must have seen the recognition in my eyes because he sat it down almost immediately and as if against his better judgement he finally spoke more than three words to me. \"I've read it before, well my mom read it to me when I was a kid and I saw you reading it up in the window one day and then I decided I should read it again and so I checked it out from the library, it's my favorite book. One I often read.\" This made my heart swell, which might have been dangerous but I was too busy focusing on the feeling the sound of his voice gave me. I had been his inspiration to read that book, the one I see him reading every day and the smile I was biting back had one and I was a grinning idiot. If he noticed my sudden change of mood he didn't say anything. This was all I needed to ease me into a conversation with Mr. Jonah Aickman himself. However I was not prepared for the next few words he had to offer. \"I see you, up in the window a lot.\" His eyes were wide with seriousness, but his voice hinted at the fact that he was amused and messing with me. \"You know, I think it's kind of creepy that you watch me. If I wasn't the most hated human being in town I think I might get the cops. Your obsession with me is pretty creepy.\" My eyes widened and my face paled, but turned red simultaneously and I wanted to go die. That was all it took for him to burst out laughing and I punched him in the shoulder roughly. He totally scared me and I was not ready for that shaking turn of events. Jonah Aickman had actually made a joke and I don't know why my brain registered it as weird. Perhaps it was because I really didn't know Jonah the way I wanted to. \"You know you're absolutely ridiculous, besides I don't watch you, you are far too hideous. I am day dreaming about the super, rad, awesome books I used to be able to get at the library before somebody tossed me his bad luck and now I am banned from there forever.\" I was being dramatic now, stretching the truth a bit my voice ridden with laughter and my smile was so wide now I was sure it was going to break my face or something. Which once again didn't make sense but the way his blue eyes studied me nothing made sense anymore. I was visibly trembling now and the smile that replaced his once lifeless lips made my heart jolt with happiness. \"You're dramatic, it's unsettling. But in a nice kind of way.\" Jonah's smile had faded now but I don't think he was necessarily unhappy or anything. He rested his head back, soaking in the sun's rays. It was nice to sit here and not think about what the world had to say. What she did and whom she talked to was none of their business, she'd do as she pleased. It felt good to think like that, I felt a smile stretch across my lips. \"Listen, I know I already apologized but I really am sorry. I think I was just stressed, it was stupid of me to let other people influence my decisions. You're not so bad, I mean a little on the creepy side but I think I could get used to you.\", NIFTY!ever say nifty, nor do I ramble. What was teh the same book and that' if I haven' I yearned to know had lef I was joking again, and I sort of expected him to hit me in the shoulder and tell me to shut up the way I had done him but instead he let a half smile, that probably couldn't be considered a smile but I was counting it, spread across his lips. I hoped acknowledged the amusement in my voice and figured I was merrily teasing him. \"Well Penelope, this has been a ravishing conversation but I think I must go. Aickman will be wondering where I am and I think he won't be too pleased to find you here. I can't imagine your parent's are too happy either, therefore we must talk more later. I'll see you through the window, yeah?\" My heart stopped when he said my name and I was nervous all over again. I'd never heard someone say it like he did and I was so caught off guard I barely caught the rest of the words he spoke. Knowing ultimately he was right, I gave in. I stood, brushing off the skit I had chosen to wear today. \"Well thank you for the company, hopefully we'll talk again later. Have a ravishing evening.\" The words didn't sound right coming out of my mouth but he was smiling and that made it worth it. Finally an update, this week has been crazy busy. I've had marching band, and homework. Plus I am just kind of lazy. I've decided I am going to spend my study hall's writing this story, or at least most of them. I will hopefully get started on the next chapter soon. Next week is a bit more calming but I have conferences and then I have a band thing Saturday that lasts all day, and I won't be getting home 'till late. Anywho, I hope this update was worth it. It's a little shorter than my last chapter but a bit longer than my regular chapters. Oh and thanks for the lovely reviews (ghost of music past, you are my inspiration I love you. P.S UPDATE YOUR STORY!)[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven August 24 th , 1927 I'd been able to sneak in and out of the Aickman backyard for a while now, we'd talked about a lot. He talking in riddles I'd never really understand, and I making joke he would never get, but it was nice and so far I haven't been caught. I like watching him from my window, I know he sees me but we both pretend we don't notice each other. School starts today and that is what I am nervous about. My time won't be dedicated to Jonah anymore, and it may just be me, but I think he stopped coming out as often as he used to. I can't really get mad over that, I mean I can't be all like, hey I've noticed you haven't really been coming outside to read and its a real inconvenience when I am trying to stalk you. How do you make it out of a conversation like that? Mary and I haven't had much interaction lately, she's always there ready to listen, but I have nothing to say. I think she knows that I've been talking to Jonah and I think she expect me to come to her room one day and let a rush of emotions pour out. I am not, I don't want to talk to anyone about Jonah, or to anyone for that matter but Jonah. I am pretty sure she wouldn't be too surprised if one day I begged for her to smuggle me over to the next state so Jonah and I can get married or something. Which won't happen, but I don't really have to worry about that. \"Come on, I don't want to be late, Penelope!\" Mary chastised as she flung open the door, her face softened slightly as she caught sight of me rushing away from the window that I had been previously sitting at in hopes Jonah would come out. As I sat there, I knew he wasn't going to come out but I waited, however as much as Mary supported my relationship with Jonah she was not going to be late for the first day of school. \"Alright, alright I am sorry.\" I put my hands up in surrender and followed her out the door, she started off towards the general direction of the school. I stalled a little, taking in as much of the Aickman house as I could, hoping that he might come out and wave me off or I'd see him through the window. I just wanted a little reminder that he was still there and he wasn't going anywhere. I think I liked him, I am not sure what I feel. Like sometimes I like Mary but other time I found her annoying, it's kind of like the same thing with Jonah. Not that I find him annoying or anything, sometimes I really like him and other times I am still petrified of what people think. I want to give in to the side of me that has no doubts, I want to be confident with my decision but as it stands I am just bidding my time until I run away again. When we reached school I desperately wanted this day to be over, to run away and hide but to be honest I was getting sick and tired of running. Avoiding people was a lot harder than you might think at Goatswood High School, we were a small town with an obviously small population and news got around fast. Florence and Elliot were in almost all of my classes, which was painfully cringe worthy. Get this, they tried talking to me, they legitimately tried acting as if they haven't been avoiding me for the past couple of days. I know what you might be thinking, oh hey maybe it was an accident but let me assure you, it was no accident. They saw me, I was basically screaming their names and what'd they do? Just kept on walking, like I wasn't even there. I think the worst part of the day was lunch, I had nowhere to sit. I would usually sit with Florence and Elliot but they were sitting with a bunch of boys, including the two that had beat Jonah up. I wasn't in the mood to go anywhere near them. I had decided to sit by myself at any empty table, I could hear the whispers, and the rumors formulating. I could hear what they were saying but I pretended not to acknowledge it, when I caught someone staring I sent them a smile, one they almost always returned. I was surrounded by people, but in a sense I was completely alone. They didn't see things the way I did, they were just fine with sitting back and letting some stupid high school boys - that would never go on to do anything remotely beneficial to the world – but up a helpless boy who just trying to be nice. It was sick and I no longer wanted to associate myself with any of these people. The idea of having to be near any of the narrow minded hypocrites made me sick and I was off before I could stop myself. I didn't go back to lunch, even though my stuff was there. I stayed in the bathroom for the next two periods and it wasn't until a teacher came to find me was I reprimanded. Since this was a ' first time offence ' they wouldn't notify my parents, but I am sure at this point they wouldn't be too surprised if they got a call from the principal telling them their daughter had been skipping her classes because she hated every living creature in her school. To be honest it really wasn't a very good reason. They didn't understand and she couldn't make them. It wasn't until after school that had Florence and Elliot tried speaking to me, the conversation wasn't short and to the point, it was loud and people had gathered around to watch the weird girl teetering on the edge of sanity fall of the straight and narrow as she snapped at her friends. In reality I was just trying to get them to understand that what had happened was wrong and they were just as sick as everyone else here. \"Have you been like, ignoring us or something? Are we like, still friends?\" Elliot asked curiously, backed up with a nod from Florence as if agreeing with Elliot's statement. At this point they were acting like the most shallow and selfish people here. I had never hated two people so much, it was much different from the time I had declared my hatred for Jonah, which wasn't actually hatred. No this was completely different, every time they spoke they were just feeding the fire in my chest and it was consuming me until I was nothing but an epitome of rage. \"Oh so it doesn't feel good to be ignored does it, it doesn't feel good to question somebodies loyalty? No it sucks.\" My voice cracked, I was on the edge of tears and I was sure I was going to start crying in front of them but I wouldn't give them the satisfaction. My tone was clipped and I was angry, that much was clear. By now people had stopped and began looking in our general direction. \"No it like totally doesn't, what's going on with you, Penelope?\" Florence question, raising an eyebrow. \"Yeah, you are being really weird and we are like totally worried.\" Elliot back her up, and oh my dear lord did these two people sound so ignorant. I was refraining from unleashing the fire that was slowly building up inside of me. \"I was calling for you guys that one day and you just kept on walking.\" I stated crossing my arms over my chest, Florence put a hand on her hip, rolling her eyes. Whereas Elliot was quick to defend herself. \"You're mad because we ignored you, that's all this is. Whoa you are really like childish.\" Elliot hissed, and that was all it took. \"No genius, it's not. It's because all of you people are sick. You two especially, you just sat there why they beat him. You didn't even care, you watched and you held me back. What'd he do? Keep me from falling, really that's a crime. Being nice to somebody is a crime? If it is I don't want to live in this world anymore, I don't want to live in a place where if the wrong person looks at you they get a broken nose and black eye. Like what kind of world is that? You judge people by who you think they are, not who they are. You've never even met him, you'll never understand. None of you and I can't make you understand so I am not going to try. I am going to say goodbye, instead.\" I'd finished my rant with people slowly starting to crowd around us, just as I was getting ready to leave Florence and Elliot had regained what little composure they had left and stopped me right in my tracks. \"It was like only once, besides I didn't see you jumping up and helping him? You totally ignored him, you're no better than the rest of us.\" Florence had thrown in a few yeahs, but it was mainly Elliot. They did not just say that. \"It was more than once, oh my goodness you know it was more than once. While he was here you taunted him, all of you did and I didn't stop it. I'll never forgive myself for that, but I was scared and I am not scared anymore. He can't even show his face around town, without people pointing or spreading ridiculous rumors. He's no different from us, he doesn't study witch craft, or worship the devil. He's not evil, but none of you care about that! You don't know anything, he can't even leave his home anymore. He doesn't go to school, he's stuck inside what kind of life is that? I know what I've done, I know I am not a saint, but I've moved on. It's time for you to as well. I am not saying you have to like him but don't calling him names when he enters a room. He's an amazing person, with more heart than any of you.\" With that I was going, I didn't care who saw the tears because I was done. I was burnt out and I was tired of making them understand. \"Oooh, Penelope has a crush on freak boy!\" Everyone let out a laugh and a chorus of aaah's, I just ignored them. I kept walking. I wasn't going to say anything, I had to keep telling myself that. Instead I laughed to myself, because out of everything they've said that had to be the truest, I laughed because 'Freak Boy' isn't even a good insult, and I laughed because I had said what I'd needed to and I was done. Just like that. Yo so I uppppdated, sorry if like Florence and Elliot seem like modern blonde chicks, (which no offence to blonde girls, I am totally stereotyping aaagh. *Cringes*) Aaah so anyways, I finally updated and all that jazz. I hope you like this. I wrote this in study hall and I didn't have time to edit it, I am pretty sure I might start writing another Jonah Aickman fanfiction and scrap the other one I have but I am just going to work stuff, and it won't take place until after this one because I really want to finish this story, because I have a history of not finishing my stories so hopefully I can finish this one. Anyways have a great day and bye! ","Summary":" Chapter One July Fifteenth, 1926 I'd never layed awake in the vicious yet lonely hours of the night"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"La Obsesiva Devoción","Author":"UniSoldier","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11719695","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hace mucho tiempo que no escribía y últimamente he tenido mucho tiempo libre y me dio ganas de hacer algo. Había estado buscando un fandom desde hace rato y en estos días pasaron Sucker Punch por la televisión y... no sé si soy la única, pero en el momento en que lo vi, me enamoré de Oscar Isaac. La verdad al principio quise hacer una historia de amor algo trágica, porque me parece que el personaje de Blue (el del manicomio) la verdad es muy diferente al Blue que Babydoll se imagina, es decir el Blue del burdel. Pero al final me di cuenta que el Blue del manicomio está un poco loco (bueno, muy loco) y que puede llegar incluso a ser más malvado que el Blue que Babydoll se imagina (lo digo por el hecho de que al final se puede ver ese lugar adonde él la lleva y parece ser que no es la primera que llevaba ahí) y no me pareció correcto llamar \"amor\" a lo que cada uno sentía respecto al otro. Básicamente la historia habla de la relación de Babydoll con Blue durante el tiempo qué ella estuvo encerrada en el manicomio, quise hacerla un poco más realista y la verdad me pareció algo fantasioso el hecho de que ella haga amigas tan rápidamente o que Blue mate a Amber y a Blondie enfrente de todos (no creo que en el mundo real haya pasado algo así) y por supuesto las escenas de baile están completamente eliminadas en esta historia (lo siento XD). Bueno, ustedes se irán dando cuenta de los cambios a lo largo del fic. También cabe decir que Babydoll debía tener un nombre entonces después de mucho pensarlo decidí llamarla Emily, para intentar complacer a todos (no creo que haya mucho problema ya que ese es el nombre de la actriz, así que...) Bueno, ya creo que he dicho mucho, el fic ya lo terminé, es corto tiene 5 capítulos y no les voy a mentir, fue bastante difícil de hacer. El título es de una canción de una banda de metal sinfónico llamada Epica, creo que le queda bien :P . ... Capítulo 1 La primera vez que lo vio era temprano en la mañana y ella estaba empapada de pies a cabeza. Acababa de entrar al manicomio de Lenox House y venía descalza, con su ropa sucia y rota y con el pelo hecho un desastre. Se lo quedó mirando por un momento, sosteniendo la ropa que le acababan de entregar. Él también se la quedó mirando, tal vez esperando a que ella bajara la mirada primero, pero no lo hizo, así que él levantó la vista. - ¿Usted es el padre? – dirigió sus ojos negro azabache al hombre que se encontraba detrás de ella. - Padrastro. – respondió el señor. Emily bajó los ojos y escuchó atentamente de que estaban hablando. Había un camillero a lado y lado de ella y fueron quienes la guiaron detrás de Blue cuando este le dio la espalda y empezó a mostrarle el lugar. En ese momento ella aún no sabía su nombre, pero lo descubriría después, cuando ya la hubieran instalado en su habitación. Blue les mostró lo que llamaban el teatro a ambos, a su padrastro y a ella, era un lugar grande, en donde había una gran tarima ubicada al fondo, pero en vez de sillas, había distintas mesas en donde estaban sentadas las demás pacientes, jugando cartas o simplemente mirando el vacío. Emily las miró con lástima, ¿qué les había pasado a estas chicas? ¿Era a eso a lo que ella había quedado reducida? Justo en el momento en el que entraron, una paciente soltó un grito y tiró la mesa frente a la que estaba sentada para poder abalanzarse sobre otra de las muchachas. Los dos camilleros al lado de Emily la soltaron por un momento para ir a calmarlas, dejándola sola con su padrastro y con Blue detrás de ella. La muchacha miró el lugar de un lado a otro y pudo ver varios camilleros arreglando partes del teatro como tablas y tuberías dañadas. Escuchó a Blue decir que ese era un lugar para socializar pero que también era el lugar en donde la Dra. Gorsky, la psiquiatra encargada del lugar, hacía sus terapias en la tarima. Emily vio a una señora con el pelo recogido y muy arreglada, con un vestido elegante y unos zapatos de tacón alto, hablando con una chica que estaba en la tarima, discutiendo sobre algo, era obvio que era ella la psiquiatra. - Estará en el paraíso cuando termine con ella, no sé si me entiende. – continuó hablando Blue. Emily volvió a poner atención a los hombres que se encontraban detrás de ella y escuchó cuidadosamente los susurros de ambos. - Escuche estoy tomando un gran riesgo aquí así que deberán ser dos mil. - ¿De qué está hablando? No intente engañarme, teníamos un trato. – la voz de su padrastro sonaba enojada. - Escuche… – hubo una pausa en ese momento y Emily podía imaginarse a Blue mirando al otro hombre de arriba abajo antes de continuar. - …padre. No voy a decirle qué hacer. Claramente es un hombre que sabe cuidarse solo. No sé qué le hizo a esta chica y francamente no quiero saberlo, – Emily cerró los ojos adolorida. - ¿Pero qué les dirá a los detectives cuando vengan a husmear? Seguro les encantará oír su versión. - Sí. – escuchó el sonido de una billetera y de dinero doblarse. - Ok. Emily no sabía que pensar y miró a la que parecía ser la Dra. en la tarima. Estaban sobornando a un camillero justo en sus narices y ni siquiera se daba cuenta. - Ahora, hay otro problema. – continuó Blue. - No tengo un doctor aquí que haga…lobotomías. - ¿Qué? - Pero, resulta que está programado que llegue uno. Estará aquí en cinco días. Falsificaré su firma, ya lo hice muchas veces. - Le dije a la policía que enloqueció cuando su madre murió. La verdad es mucho más complicada. No quiero que recuerde nada… - No sé preocupe, cuando termine con ella no recordará ni su nombre. Después de eso la llevaron al que desde ese día en adelante sería su cuarto. Ni siquiera le dedicó una última mirada a su padrastro, le encantaría haberle escupido en la cara pero sabía que eso sólo empeoraría las cosas. Blue la acompañó con otros dos camilleros a su habitación, lanzando de vez en cuando miradas de reojo hacia ella. La muchacha las ignoró. Su cuarto era un lugar pequeño, sólo contaba con una pequeña ventana arriba de la cama, por la que ni siquiera un gato cabría, y otra ventana ubicada en la puerta de la habitación. La cama no era muy larga y el colchón era delgado, las sábanas estaban curtidas y descoloridas, pero al menos se veían limpias. - Ok. – escuchó la voz de Blue detrás de ella y lo miró esperando lo que iba a decir. Se dio cuenta de que los camilleros ya no estaban y qué se había quedado a solas con él. Blue traía una tabla para escribir en su mano izquierda y leía lo que estaba escrito ahí con atención. - Así que...- continuó mientras pasaba sus ojos por el papel. – Aquí dice que eres violenta, inadaptada social, que representas un peligro a los demás…Bueno, al menos la parte del suicidio está vacía. – Se la quedó mirando serio por un momento, esperando a que ella dijera algo que explicara de que se trataba todo. - No estoy loca. – le dijo Emily aferrándose a la ropa nueva que sostenía entre sus brazos. – Mi padrastro... - No soy estúpido. Emily no comprendía, ¿entonces qué quería de ella? - Lo que en realidad quiero saber es que fue lo que pasó contigo. La muchacha lo miró sospechosa. - Creí que no querías saber. - Tengo curiosidad. Ella lo sopesó un momento antes de contestar. ¿De qué servía contarle lo que había pasado? Bajó la mirada y se quedó callada. Blue se acercó a ella y le corrió el cabello mojado del rostro, para poder observarla mejor. - Sabes, me recuerdas a esas muñecas de porcelana que las abuelas suelen regalar a sus nietas. No sé si es por tus ojos azules, o por tu pelo tan rubio... Emily levantó la mirada y lo miró en silencio. - Babydoll. Te queda bien. Desde ese momento, Emily le tuvo desconfianza, no sólo por el hecho de que había aceptado un soborno de su padrastro, sino también porque, aunque era sólo el primer día, se dio cuenta que él era el encargado de todo, los camilleros la habían dejado sola con él sin decir nada, había aceptado un soborno justo en las narices de la Dra. Gorsky (la supuesta jefe del lugar) y nadie se había dado cuenta. La persona con más poder en todo Lenox House, resultaba ser la más peligrosa. La muchacha pasó el resto de la mañana recostada en su cama, antes de irse, Blue le explicó las reglas del lugar y sus tareas. La mayoría del día se mantendría fuera de la habitación: salía por la mañana y podía ducharse y desayunar, después debía hacer la tarea del día que le fuera encargada o pasar a terapia con la Dra. Gorsky y si no tenía ninguna de esas dos cosas asignadas era llevada al teatro. Las pacientes normalmente tenían trabajos como ayudar en la cocina, labores de limpieza, ese tipo de cosas para mantenerlas ocupadas y en la tarde después de almuerzo, pasaban un tiempo en el teatro socializando con las demás chicas o a veces dentro de las habitaciones antes de la comida. Las luces de los pasillos se apagaban a las diez, eso indicaba la hora de dormir. Ese día no salió de su habitación hasta la hora del almuerzo, aunque se moría de hambre prefirió quedarse en la cama durmiendo que salir (aunque de cualquier forma, no tenía muchas opciones). Cuando al fin la sacaron almorzó con muy poco apetito. Tenía hambre, pero la comida estaba insípida y lo único que quería era volver a su cama y desaparecer dentro de su mente, escapar de la realidad. En el teatro no intentó socializar con nadie, se sentó al lado de una muchacha muy bonita. Tenía el pelo castaño y largo que le caí en cascada detrás de su espalda, a pesar de que estaba opaco y sin brillo se notaba que debía de haber sido un cabello precioso en algún tiempo. Se notaba que era alta y delgada, pero tenía la mirada perdida mientras que organizaba unas cartas con indiferencia. Las arreglaba, las repartía sobre la mesa y las volvía a recoger. Emily la miró por un momento sin realmente nada qué decir, hasta que la muchacha le habló, sintiendo su mirada. - Haz algo. – le dijo en su susurro. Emily frunció el ceño sin comprender a qué se refería. - Disculpa, yo… - Haz algo. – repitió la muchacha levantando su mirada de las cartas, pero no miró a Emily, sino al vacío, frente a ella. – Él te está mirando. - ¿Quién? – preguntó la muchacha confundida. - Está detrás de ti. Emily volteó su rostro lo suficiente para ver detrás de ella pero sólo vio una pared vacía. - No hay nadie. – dijo. - Se está acercando. La muchacha volvió a mirar hacia atrás pero no vio a nadie. Al volver a ver a la chica a su lado vio que esta estaba mirando al frente hacia un punto vacío, Emily siguió su mirada pero no vio nada fuera de lo usual. Se alejó de ella confundida y miró sus uñas. De pronto un agarre en su hombro la hizo voltearse asustada y vio a Blue frente a ella. - Amber, deja de asustar a las nuevas. – dijo el recién llegado mirando a la muchacha que estaba de nuevo organizando las cartas. Emily no entendía nada, no sabía si Amber había hablado de él o de otra persona, pero le parecía extraño que hubiera dicho que alguien estaba detrás de ella cuando no había nadie y Blue llegó por su lado derecho, no por detrás. La chica, Amber, la volteó a mirar y luego lo volteó a mirar a él. - Blue… - dijo. – No le he dicho nada. Escuchó al hombre junto a ella suspirar mientras que le hacía una señal con sus dedos a un hombre grande y corpulento que estaba en un rincón del lugar. Cuando el hombre llegó junto a ellos, Blue le dijo en un susurro: - Danforth, llévala a su cuarto y dale la medicina. Él hombre levantó a Amber de su puesto y la empezó a arrastrar fuera del lugar. La muchacha le dirigió una última mirada a Emily antes de mirar también a Blue. No habría parado de mirarlo si no fuera por el camillero que la llevaba, quien la obligó a mirar por donde caminaba. - No te preocupes por ella. – le dijo Blue al fin soltándola y sentándose en la mesa frente a ella. – Se le diagnosticó esquizofrenia a los 16, lleva cuatro años así. Emily lo miró sin decir nada. A pesar de que no había nadie detrás de ella, Blue se había aparecido justo a su lado un momento después. Volvió a mirar la puerta del teatro por la que Amber acababa de salir y bajó la mirada cansada. Un camillero se acercó a Blue y le susurró algo en el oído antes de apuntar hacia Emily. - No. – dijo Blue mirándolo. – Llévate a otra, ella no tendrá terapias. - Pero la Dra. Gorsky… - el camillero se detuvo al ver la mirada fulminante que le dirigió Blue. Blue volvió a mirar a Emily y suspiró. Se levantó de su puesto y la tomó del brazo levantándola también. - Dile que está ocupada limpiando los baños. – dijo mientras que se la pasaba al camillero para que la guiara y le explicara. El camillero la tomó por el brazo y asintió. La llevó fuera del teatro hacia los baños y le explicó lo que debía hacer. Le dio un delantal, jabón y un cepillo para limpiar los inodoros. Nadie debía de molestarla, todas las demás chicas estaban en el teatro o en terapia y habían cerrado los corredores para así asegurarse que no saliera antes de que hubiera terminado. Así que allí se encontraba ella en ese momento, de rodillas limpiando los baños más sucios que había visto en su vida en vez de tener terapia como debía. Restregó y limpió concentrada en lo que estaba haciendo, intentando acabar lo más rápido posible. Se suponía que debía estar sola todo el tiempo que estuviera ahí pero de pronto sintió una respiración en su cuello que hizo que se le erizaran los cabellos de la nuca. Emily no lo escuchó entrar sino hasta que estuvo detrás de ella. Se dio la vuelta asustada y se encontró con el rostro de Blue observándola. Ambos se miraron a los ojos por un momento y casi como un impulso Emily volteó la cabeza, dándole la espalda y continuó frotando el baño con su cepillo enjabonado, tal vez Blue sólo estaba supervisando que hiciera bien el trabajo. Pero de un momento a otro, sintió una presión en su barbilla y Blue volvió a parecer frente a ella. Estaban sólo a centímetros uno del otro y al parecer él no tenía intención de soltarla. Y en ese momento la vio. La cosa más hermosa que había observado en mucho tiempo, resplandecía con la luz blanca de los bombillos y tenía una inscripción por un lado: Señor Amigable. Emily casi quiso sonreír por la ironía, Blue era tal vez la persona menos amigable de todo el lugar. Era una llave, una llave pequeña que él llevaba alrededor del cuello todo el tiempo y que hasta ese momento no había reparado en ella. Ahora entendía como había podido entrar, era una llave maestra, abría cualquier puerta del lugar, lo que quería decir no sólo que Blue era en definitiva el verdadero jefe, sino que también era su salida de ese lugar. - Vine a ver sí ya habías terminado. – le dijo sin parar de mirarla. Emily miró la llave unos segundos más antes de responder. - Ya casi termino. Blue se enderezó y la miró desde arriba. - Esperaré afuera. Unos minutos después, Emily estaba a su lado caminando por los pasillos vacíos de Lenox House devuelta a su habitación. Mientras seguían en su camino, un hombre anciano apareció frente a ellos. Al verlo, Blue la tomó de un brazo y la acercó a él. - Disculpe. – le dijo el anciano a Blue al verlo. Era un hombre alto y más bien delgado, llevaba un traje algo desgastado y un sombrero sobre su cabeza. – Creo que me perdí. ¿Me puede decir dónde está el salón de visitas? Blue lo miró extrañado por un momento pero luego asintió. - Es justo después de este pasillo. – dijo dando media vuelta y señalando hacia el fondo. – Continúa derecho hasta el final y después voltea a la izquierda. El hombre siguió su mirada y asintió. - Gracias. – dijo. - ¿Hay otra puerta por la que pueda entrar directamente? El pasillo es bastante largo para mí. - Hay una puerta que conecta directamente con la sala de visitas, no tiene que entrar por la puerta principal si viene solamente a eso. - ¿Puedo venir en la noche? - No. – respondió Blue intentando conservar la paciencia y a causa de esto reforzando su apretón en el brazo de Emily. – Sólo en la mañana y en la tarde. Por las noches no hay nadie. - Es usted muy amable, gracias. – El anciano los miró a ambos antes de pasar por un lado. - De nada. – dijo Blue guiando a Emily en el sentido contrario. La muchacha frunció el ceño, era la única persona que no trabajaba ahí que había visto por esos lados. ¿Cómo es que había llegado tan lejos? Emily volteó su rostro hacia él y vio al señor caminar con pasos cortos hasta el fondo del pasillo. Lentamente el hombre se detuvo en su trayecto y la volteó a mirar. Para su sorpresa este le sonrió mientras que inclinaba un poco su sombrero, como en forma de despedida, pero también de complicidad. La muchacha volvió a mirar frente a ella, confundida mientras que seguía su camino hacia su habitación. ... La noche llegó como una bendición para ella. Debajo de las sabanas frías y aún confundida por lo que acababa de pasar, Emily no podía parar de pensar como poco a poco, las alternativas para escapar se le hacían más y más presentes. Ya sabía a qué hora y en qué lugar el manicomio estaba más desprevenido, sabía cuál camino tomar y también tenía cerca de ella a la persona con la llave para abrir todas las puertas. Debía idear un plan y pronto, debía escaparse de ahí y sabía que por ahora la clave para su escape era Blue.[Chapter 2] Capítulo 2 Emily despertó por un golpe incesante en su puerta. Antes de que pudiera levantarse, Blue abrió la puerta y entró con dos otros camilleros acompañándolo. Emily los miró confundida y por un momento se asustó al ver a Blue frente a ella, pero al verlo acompañado se tranquilizó, sabía que no intentaría nada frente a otras personas. - Babydoll. – Blue se paró frente a ella y cruzó los brazos frente a su pecho como la primera vez que lo vio. Con la poca luz que entraba a la habitación, Emily apenas podía verle parte del rostro, sus ojos y sus pómulos estaban ocultos bajo una sombra tan negra que Blue parecía un cadáver sacado de la tumba. Emily cerró los ojos con fuerza y se levantó de la cama. Los tres enfermeros la acompañaron a las duchas, mientras caminaban por el pasillo del manicomio, la muchacha podía sentir la mirada de Blue clavada en su espalda, aunque hubiera preferido hacer caso omiso de sus miradas, el plan de Emily comenzaba en ese momento. Volteó con lentitud su rostro hacia él y se encontró, como esperaba, con los ojos de Blue observándola. Justo en el momento en que sus miradas estuvieron conectadas Emily volteó su rostro de nuevo a causa del impulso que tenía de alejarse de él. \"No, se dijo a sí misma, tengo que intentarlo.\" Volteó su rostro de nuevo, pero esta vez Blue no la estaba observando, sino que observaba frente a él, hacia la puerta. A Emily no le importó, lo siguió observando hasta que al fin Blue volvió a dirigir sus ojos negros azabache hacia ella. La muchacha se obligó a mirarlo directo a los ojos, sintió su corazón intentando salirse de su pecho y también sintió como sus manos comenzaban a temblar y como la boca se le secaba, pero aun así se obligó a no parar de mirarlo. Ambos estuvieron así por unos segundos hasta que al fin llegaron a la puerta de las duchas. Emily se bañó sola ese día. La mayoría de las muchachas no podían bañarse con las demás porque siempre se provocaba un problema, así que ese día los baños estaban vacíos, lo que hacía que los vellos de la nunca se le erizaran. Bañarse sola con agua helada en el baño vacío de un manicomio era aterrador, no sabía en que momento alguna de las sombras decidieran despertarse y tocarle la espalda desnuda. Sabía que su miedo era ridículo, pero aún así ese día se bañó lo más rápido que pudo, se vistió con la ropa nueva que le habían dado el otro día y cuando estuvo lista un enfermero la llevó a desayunar. Como siempre desayunó en la esquina más oculta de la cafetería, su cabello aún chorreaba agua fría que poco a poco le empapaba la espalda. Ese día el desayuno era avena con fruta, estaba insípido, pero Emily ni siquiera podía concentrase en el sabor, tenía tanta hambre que sólo le importaba llenar su estómago. Mientras comía levantó la vista por un momento y pudo encontrar a una chica con el pelo corto y rubio observándola. Cuando sus miradas se encontraron la muchacha le sonrió y Emily intentó sonreírle de vuelta, aunque le fue difícil. La muchacha no volvió a mirarla durante todo la mañana y Emily volvió a sumirse en sus pensamientos hasta el final del desayuno. Los enfermeros formaron a las demás chicas en una fila india para comunicarles las diferentes labores del día. La fila se encontraba justo frente a la oficina de Blue. Emily pudo ver por el rabillo del ojo que Blue estaba ahí, con otro enfermero, firmando unos papeles o haciendo algún trabajo. Ni siquiera se había fijado en ella, así que Emily dirigió la mirada justo detrás de él. Y lo que vio la dejó impactada: era un mapa del manicomio, un mapa para salir en caso de emergencia. Cubría casi toda la pared de la oficina de Blue y era hermoso. No tuvo que observarlo demasiado tiempo, después del encuentro con el anciano sabía perfectamente que ruta tomar. De pronto un enfermero la tomó por el hombro y la acomodó de nuevo en la fila india, pues se había salido de esta. Emily salió de su ensueño y cuando volvió a dirigir su vista hacia el mapa pudo ver que Blue la estaba mirando. Seguramente debió de haberla estado mirando todo el tiempo en que Emily analizaba el mapa, y como el mapa se encontraba justo detrás de él, Blue debió haber pensado que lo miraba a él. Pobre iluso. Aunque era mejor que pensara que a ella le gustaba, así Blue tendría más confianza y se acercaría a ella. Y por ahora sólo necesitaba una oportunidad para poder quitarle esa llave. Ese día debía trabajar en la cocina. El cocinero le encargó pelar y cortar las cebollas en pedacitos. Emily no estaba sola en el lugar, la muchacha del pelo rubio y corto la acompañaba, aunque estaba del otro lado de la cocina, lavando los platos. Era el primer día que Emily trabajaba ahí, aunque no le gustaba para nada el cocinero, prefería estar ahí con la muchacha que estar sola en un baño en donde fácilmente podía entrar Blue. Peló las cebollas una por una hasta que la olla que le había pasado el cocinero quedó vacía. Vio que la muchacha del pelo corto aún no había terminado de lavar los platos y fue hacia ella para ayudarle. Cuando la chica la reconoció le dirigió una mirada tímida acompañada de una sonrisa. Emily le sonrió de vuelta y se acomodó al lado de ella para ayudarle. Tomó un plato sucio de la enorme montaña que había a su lado y comenzó a lavar. No había pasado mucho tiempo hasta que la chica a su lado rompió el silencio. - ¿Eres nueva, no? Emily se sobresaltó. No pensaba que la muchacha le fuera a hablar en algún momento, ya se estaba acostumbrando al silencio. - Sí. – le respondió después de quedársela mirando un tiempo. - No te preocupes. Uno se acostumbra fácil. Emily sonrió sarcástica y dirigió su mirada hacia el plato que estaba lavando. - ¿Qué pasa? – le preguntó la muchacha que había visto su expresión. - Nada – dijo Emily volviendo a mirarla. – Es sólo que...no creo que me acostumbre. - Lo harás. – la chica le sonrió. – Todo el mundo se acostumbra al final, aunque no quieran. - No creo que llegue a gustarme este lugar en algún momento. - A nadie le gusta, pero todos se acostumbran a él. ¿Y a Blue? , quiso preguntar Emily. Aunque la verdad no fue capaz, sólo dirigió la vista hacia un punto diferente de la cocina y pudo ver al cocinero morder un enorme sándwich de queso y carne. Vio como la grasa se deslizaba por su barbilla y como sus mejillas rosadas se agrandaban intentando contener todo el alimento que estaba siendo introducido en ellas. Emily sintió asco. - ¿Y a él? – preguntó sin alejar la vista del humano que sufría una especie de metamorfosis en cerdo gigante. La muchacha volteó su rostro hacia lo que observaba Emily y frunció el ceño e hizo una mueca para expresar su asco. - No, - dijo- a él nunca te acostumbras. Ambas sonrieron y el sonido de sus risas hizo que el cocinero se volteara y las fulminara con la mirada. Las dos volvieron a dirigir la vista hacia sus platos y continuaron fregando hasta que dejaron de sentir la mirada de él. - ¿Cómo te llamas?- le preguntó la muchacha. - Emily. – le respondió. - ¿Y tú? - Rocket. Emily sonrió. - ¿Qué clase de nombre es Rocket? – preguntó intrigada. - La clase de nombre que me pusieron aquí. Emily bajó la vista y pensó en Blue y en el estúpido apodo que había decidido ponerle: Babydoll. De cierta forma entendía a la muchacha, tal vez escuchar su antiguo nombre traía demasiados recuerdos de su vida pasada, o tal vez, como ella había dicho antes, se había logrado acostumbrar a todo, incluso a su nueva identidad. - ¿Cómo llegaste aquí? – preguntó Rocket. Emily no sabía si era intriga lo que sentía o si era para no dejar que el silencio regresara. No contestó. Al ver que no obtenía respuesta Rocket bajó la vista de nuevo a los platos que ya casi terminaban de lavar. - Ya veo, - dijo- es complicado, ¿no? Mi historia también es complicada... - ¡Tú! Emily y Rocket voltearon la mirada al mismo tiempo para ver al cocinero acercarse a ellas. El hombre apuntó su dedo regordete y manchado de grasa hacia el rostro de Emily y esta se lo quedó mirando con el ceño fruncido. - ¡Lleva esos costales a la bodega! – apuntó hacia unos costales grandes y pesados que se encontraban a un costado de la puerta de la cocina. Emily los enfocó con la mirada y después volvió a dirigir sus ojos hacia el cocinero. Este ya ni siquiera la estaba mirando, se había acercado a Rocket dejándola a ella a un lado. - No sé cuál es la conversación que están teniendo ustedes dos, pero quiero que se acabe, está es la última vez que quiero escucharte hablar con todas las que vienen aquí, si esto continúa le diré a la Dra. Gorski que... – Rocket le dirigió una mirada inexpresiva mientras escuchaba su sermón al cual parecía también estar acostumbrada. El cocinero dejó a un lado a Emily y está dirigió su mirada hacia un pequeño cuchillo que había sido olvidado al lado de las cebollas que ella había cortado previamente. Divisó ese pequeño objeto puntiagudo, estaba sólo a unos centímetros pero Emily no se atrevía a tomarlo con el cocinero tan cerca. - ¡¿Aún sigues aquí?! – el grito que el cocinero le dirigió la hizo saltar en su puesto, Emily le dio la espalda y empezó a arrastrar los costales a la bodega. Las manos le dolieron por el material tan duro al cual tenía que aferrarse y pudo sentir como se le raspaba la piel. Estaban muy pesados, pero Emily no se quejó y los llevó uno por uno, retirando varias veces los mechones de cabello que se pegaban a su frente y a su cuello a causa del sudor. Tal vez debió haber cogido el cuchillo, ya sólo faltaban cuatro días, contando ese y aún no tenía ni la confianza de Blue (mucho menos la llave) ni un plan concreto de escape. Al menos con el cuchillo se habría podido defender. Emily suspiró metiendo el último costal en la bodega. Cuando volvió a buscar a Rocket se dio cuenta que esta ya había terminado hace bastante y que la cocina estaba vacía a excepción de ella y el cocinero. Emily le preguntó de forma cansada si se podía ir y el hombre le dirigió una mirada fulminante pero asintió. La muchacha salió caminando de ahí lo más rápido que pudo, para encontrarse con un camillero que la llevaría de vuelta hacia su habitación. ... Era temprano en la mañana, hacía frío y como siempre Emily estaba en el rincón de la cafetería desayunando. Estaba absuelta en sus pensamientos mientras que revolvía sin interés el plato de comida que tenía frente a ella. - ¡Hola, Emily! La muchacha levantó la vista por la sorpresa y pudo encontrar el rostro de Rocket a centímetros del suyo. - Hola. – Emily le dirigió una sonrisa. - Te tengo una sorpresa. – dijo Rocket sonriendo y metiendo su mano en el bolsillo de su atuendo. Emily frunció ligeramente el ceño sin saber de qué se podría tratar, aunque imaginaba que debía ser alguna cosa pequeña sin importancia. - ¿Lista? – Rocket seguía sonriendo entusiasmada por ver la reacción de la joven frente a ella. La muchacha asintió. De un momento a otro Rocket sacó la mano de su bolsillo con rapidez y puso entre las dos un pequeño cuchillo puntiagudo, con el mango algo oxidado y la cuchilla con manchas de humedad, pero un cuchillo después de todo. Emily lo tomó con su mano rápidamente y lo escondió entre los pliegues de su atuendo. - ¡Estás loca! – le reprochó, su voz casi un susurro para que los enfermeros no las escucharán. - Vi como lo mirabas el otro día. – contestó Rocket aún entusiasmada. – No tienes que agradecerme. La verdad es que la muchacha no sabía que decir. Tenía el cuchillo que tanto había deseado la última vez, y sabía que siempre debía de cargarlo con ella, pero también representaba un riesgo enorme. Sí la atrapaban con él, podía terminar con muchos más problemas de los que ya tenía. Rocket se levantó rápidamente del puesto en donde estaba y volvió a la mesa en la que normalmente solía hacerse. Antes de irse, le dedicó una pequeña sonrisa a Emily y le dijo en un susurro. - Úsalo con cuidado. La muchacha, aún con la boca abierta por la sorpresa, asintió con disimulo y apretó aún más el cuchillo contra su cuerpo. Podía sentirlo ahí, justo en la parte baja de su abdomen, en donde el traje del manicomio tenía un pequeño pliegue que mostraba el inicio de la falda. El cuchillo era pequeño y podía sentir que estaba bien apretado en su ropa, pero aún así no podía evitar sentir que el pliegue que ocultaba su única arma iba a desdoblarse en el momento menos esperado y quitarle su única esperanza de escapar. Tarde en la mañana, sin ninguna obligación que hacer, Emily pudo volver a su habitación en donde se sintió más tranquila. La puerta de su cuarto tenía una pequeña ventana por donde los enfermeros podían observar lo que ellas estaban haciendo. Se recostó en la puerta, justo debajo de la ventana para que sí alguien revisaba el cuarto sólo viera una cama vacía. Esperó un momento sentada en el piso, analizando sí todo lo que pasaba era cierto o sólo un producto de su imaginación. Pero cuando tocó con sus dedos por encima del pliegue de su vestido, y sintió ese pequeño bulto sólido escondido debajo de la tela, supo que todo era muy real. Sacó el cuchillo y observó la navaja relucir con la poca luz que entraba a la habitación. Aunque estaba viejo y oxidado aún salía algo de brillo de él. Tomó el cuchillo y lo apretó con fuerza con su mano derecha. Lo paseó de un lado a otro, cortando el aire con él, practicando de una vez. Lo ladeó, lo apuntó, apuñaló el aire y el vació con él, siempre sentada en su puesto para asegurarse que ningún enfermero pudiera verla. Lo sostuvo de distintas maneras, siempre con el objetivo de ver de qué forma le era más cómodo sostenerlo. De pronto escuchó una llave introducirse en la cerradura de su puerta y Emily se levantó de un salto y observó por la ventanita. Pudo ver a un enfermero concentrado en buscar la llave correcta para abrir la puerta de la habitación. Emily sintió como una sensación de alivio se extendía por su pecho al darse cuenta de que no era Blue el que intentaba entrar. Seguramente Blue habría podido entrar sin tener que buscar la llave correcta, su llave era una llave maestra, abría todas las cerraduras. La muchacha intentó con rapidez esconder el cuchillo de nuevo en el pliegue de su falda, pero sus dedos temblaban tanto que este se calló al suelo. Emily lo recogió al instante y al ver que la puerta estaba a punto de abrirse, no tuvo otro remedio que meter el cuchillo debajo del colchón de plumas. Se sentó en la cama, justo encima de donde estaba sepultada el arma y se retiró los cabellos de la frente. Cuando la puerta se abrió, el enfermero observó la habitación con sospecha, pero al ver a Emily sentada justo en medio de la cama, la ayudó a levantarse y ambos salieron de la habitación. No entendía porque la habían sacado de la habitación, se suponía que no podía salir hasta la hora del almuerzo y todavía no era hora, ¿a dónde la estaba llevando? ¿Y si habían descubierto que tenía el cuchillo? Sí era así, podía darse por muerta. El enfermero la llevó en silencio por los pasillos, hasta llegar a la puerta del teatro. La puerta estaba abierta de par en par y todas las demás chicas estaban sentadas mirando a Blue, el cual se encontraba en el centro. El corazón de Emily dio un brinco al verlo, si Blue estaba ahí, no era nada bueno. Como siempre él se encontraba con los brazos cruzados frente a su pecho, pero en ese momento tenía una mirada atemorizante, hasta siniestra. El enfermero que la acompañaba la sentó en un puesto que se encontraba algo alejado de donde estaba Blue, pero aun así él podía verla y ella podía verlo a él. - ¿Listo? ¿Están todas? – escuchó a Blue decir en un susurro al enfermero a su lado. Este último asintió. Blue dio un paso al frente. - ¡Chicas! – todos en la sala se quedaron en silencio. Emily buscó con la mirada a Rocket y la encontró en un rincón escuchando atentamente. Me han informado, que hay cosas que se han estado perdiendo, – continuó Blue caminando lentamente frente a su público, como todo un presentador. – cosas importantes. Que no deberían estar perdidas. Cosas peligrosas, como cuchillos. - Emily podía escuchar los latidos de su corazón desbocado, volvió a observar a Rocket nerviosa y vio que esta ni siquiera parecía preocupada. Emily intentó imitarla pero le fue difícil. – Creí que teníamos una relación de...respeto mutuo. Yo intento darles, una buena vida en este lugar y todo lo que pido a cambio es su honestidad, su respeto y que nada se salga de control. Ahora, alguien tomó un cuchillo de la cocina y quiero saber quién fue. Silencio. Nadie decía nada, Blue dirigió una mirada a las internas que estaban más cerca de él, esperando una reacción. Emily tembló en su silla, volvió a buscar a Rocket con la mirada y vio que esta ni siquiera parecía estar consciente de lo que pasaba. - Chicas, ¿saben qué? Está bien. – Blue se quedó quieto en su lugar, calmándose de un momento a otro. – Denme el cuchillo o díganme la persona que lo tiene y les aseguro que esto se acabará pronto y volveremos a la normalidad. Silencio. Blue pasó su mirada por todo el lugar pero nadie hizo un movimiento. - ¡Chicas..! – la paciencia de Blue, (si es que en algún momento había tenido ese don) se fue tan rápido como llegó - Quiero que ese cuchillo aparezca... ¿¡Dónde está ese maldito cuchillo!? – su grito rebotó por todo el lugar. Emily observó a los camilleros al lado de Blue y pudo ver una expresión que conocía muy bien: miedo. Todos le tenían miedo, sobretodo las muchachas que ya muchas se habían puesto nerviosas. Blue los maltrataba, los asustaba a todos, ¿la Dra. Gorsky era siquiera consciente de eso? - ¿Nadie habla...? Ok. CJ quiero que revisen cada una de las habitaciones, nadie se va, hasta que ese cuchillo aparezca. El camillero al que Blue le acababa de hablar, se quedó en su puesto dudoso de moverse. Blue se dio cuenta de esto. - ¿No me escuchaste? – dijo acercándose a él. - No podemos hacer eso. – Blue frunció el ceño. – Deberíamos decirle a la Dra... - No, no, no, no, no... la Dra. Gorsky está ocupada haciendo sus terapias, yo mantengo todo bajo control aquí, estas son mis chicas, yo las protejo. Ahora, si hay algo que pueda atentar contra su seguridad, es mi responsabilidad, ¿de acuerdo? CJ asintió. - Son tus chicas. – dijo y se dio la vuelta para salir del lugar. Ya no había nada que hacer, seguramente en cualquier momento CJ u otro camillero entraría de nuevo al lugar apuntando hacia ella y apretando un pequeño cuchillo oxidado contra su mano. Emily sintió como su garganta se cerraba y los ojos se le llenaban de lágrimas. Pero si se daba el lujo de llorar firmaría su sentencia de muerte. Volvió a dirigir su mirada a Rocket y se encontró con los ojos de la muchacha de pelo corto. Para su sorpresa Rocket le sonrió, era una sonrisa amable, el tipo de sonrisa en el que intentaba decirle que todo estaría bien. Emily la miró con los ojos aguados y respirando con dificultad y fue ahí que Rocket se dio cuenta que Emily había escondido el cuchillo en su habitación. La expresión de Rocket cambió por completo y dejó de mirar a Emily por un segundo para hablar con una joven rubia de pelo largo que estaba al lado de ella. Las muchachas susurraron algo en silencio y Emily pudo ver como la otra joven intentaba detener a Rocket, la cual se estaba levantando de su silla, y volver a sentarla en su puesto. - ¡Blue! El camillero volteó su rostro hacia quién lo llamaba y divisó a Rocket parada sobre su silla para poder hacerse escuchar. Blue la miró extrañado. - ¡Sé quién tiene el cuchillo! – dijo la muchacha sonriendo mostrando todos su dientes y riendo de forma picara. - ¿Quien? – Blue se le acercó. - ¡Amy lo tiene! – Rocket apuntó hacia una de las muchachas que estaba sentada más adelante y esta se levantó de un salto y le dirigió una mirada asesina. - ¡MENTIROSA! – gritó y se abalanzó sobre ella. Ni siquiera pudo tocarla porque había varias chicas frente a ella y Rocket se burló de que estaba fuera de su alcance. De un momento a otro todo el salón se volvió una locura y todas las chicas empezaron a gritar emocionadas. Amy había golpeado por accidente a otra de las muchachas y esta le había respondido. Emily se levantó de su silla asustada y vio que Rocket estaba riendo en un rincón al lado de la chica rubia que la había intentado detener. A esta última no le hacía mucha gracia lo que pasaba y estaba siempre delante de Rocket para protegerla. Todo el teatro era una jauría de locas descontroladas y ni siquiera los camilleros que había eran suficiente para detenerlas. Se tiraron mesas, sillas y hasta un juego de cartas. Todo estaba hecho una locura y Emily se ocultó en un rincón oscuro alejándose del desastre. La verdad no comprendía de qué serviría todo ese escándalo, los camilleros ya se habían ido a los cuartos, ya no había nada que hacer. De pronto de un momento a otro, CJ pasó justo por el lado de ella acompañado de los otros camilleros que se habían ido a revisar las habitaciones. Fue ayudar a Blue a detener a las muchachas y Emily entendió la estrategia de Rocket: iban a necesitar todos los camilleros para detenerlas. Les tomó bastante tiempo hacerlo pero al final lo lograron. Todo el lugar estaba hecho un desastre, había muchachas golpeadas, otras gritando y llorando, otras riendo y claro, otras, como ella, que ni siquiera habían hecho un movimiento. No volvió a ver a Rocket después de eso, pero sí pudo divisar a la muchacha con la que esta había hablado previamente: la chica rubia de pelo largo. Era muy distinta a Rocket; Rocket era efusiva, divertida, le gustaba tomar riesgos, pero esta otra chica no se había reído en todo el conflicto, había intentado detener a Rocket y cuando inició toda la pelea, no se alejó ni una sola vez de su lado. Pero ahora estaba sola y se dirigía a la salida como todas las demás. Emily fue de las últimas en volver a su cuarto. Primero sacaron a las internas más violentas para tranquilizarlas o llevarlas a la enfermería y las muchachas más calmadas fueron las últimas en salir. Las llevaron a sus cuartos en una fila india y una por una las dejaron en su habitación. Emily intentó con todas sus fuerzas no abalanzarse a buscar el cuchillo antes de que estuviera completamente segura de que la habían dejado sola. Cuando la puerta se cerró detrás de ella, Emily se agachó frente al delgado colchón de plumas y con el corazón golpeando su pecho empezó a buscarlo. Apenas rozó con la punta de los dedos el mango del cuchillo, sintió que el aire regresaba a sus pulmones. Seguramente no habían alcanzado a revisar su habitación. Esta vez fue más precavida y volvió a guardar el cuchillo contra su cuerpo, no podía creer la suerte que había tenido. La hora del almuerzo llegó y se fue. Emily no volvió a ver a Rocket ni en los pasillos ni a la hora del almuerzo. La verdad es que no se preocupó mucho por esto, pues tampoco vio a la tal Amy a la que Rocket había culpado y por la cual se había empezado todo el conflicto; así que lo más probable era que las hubieran enviado a terapia o las hubieran encerrado en aislamiento. Ese día no hubo interacción en el teatro, ni tampoco deberes de limpieza que hacer, todas las internas habían sido encerradas y la Dra. Gorsky estaba concentrando su atención en hablar con los camilleros sobre lo que había pasado. Emily sólo esperaba que pusieran de una vez por todas a Blue en su lugar. Que dejara de creerse el dueño de todos. Esa tarde mientras que estaba sentada en su cama mirando al vacío y prácticamente quedándose dormida, dos camilleros la fueron a buscar y la llevaron fuera de su cuarto. Emily caminó al lado de ellos en silencio y confundida, siempre sintiendo el cuchillo bien presionado en el pliegue de su abdomen. Cuando cruzaron por un pasillo con mucha más luz y cerca de la puerta que separaba los cuartos de las internas de la entrada del manicomio, Emily supo adonde iban: hacia Blue.[Chapter 3] Capítulo 3 \" Pourquoi tu mens?\" \" Je mens pas.\" \" Alors pourquoi tu pleures?\" \" Je pleure pas.\" - La vie d'Adèle La oficina de Blue era más grande de lo que creía. Era amplia, con un gran escritorio en medio y varios otros muebles alrededor. Estaba lleno de papeles y de fotocopias por todos lados y el mapa del manicomio se encontraba ubicado justo detrás del gran escritorio, pegado en un tablero de corcho. La verdad es que la oficina no era de Blue, era la oficina general del manicomio. Ahí se manejaban todos los registros, las entradas y salidas, los expedientes de las internas...Blue era el jefe de los camilleros, así que se mantenía en ese lugar más que los demás; la Dra. Gorsky, por supuesto, tenía su propia oficina. Al llegar, la muchacha esperó encontrarse con Blue sentado detrás del escritorio, recostado en un gran asiento con sus brazos extendidos sobre los reposa brazos y como siempre con ese mirada oscura que tenía. Emily podía hasta imaginarlo como esos jefes de la mafia que se veían en las películas de drama, sólo le faltaría un bigote y un peinado menos ridículo para alcanzar esa imagen. Pero la verdad era que Blue estaba parado frente al escritorio organizando y firmando unos papeles. Traía sus lentes puestos, pero cuando escuchó a los camilleros entrar con Emily, se los quitó y los guardó en el bolsillo de su chaqueta. Dejó por un momento los papeles que estaba mirando y fue a recibirla. - Gracias. – murmuró a los otros camilleros mientras que tomaba a Emily por el brazo izquierdo. Los otros dos camilleros miraron a Blue esperando alguna orden, pero todo lo que obtuvieron fue un pequeño asentimiento por parte de Blue que indicaba que ya podían dejarlos solos. La puerta se cerró detrás de la muchacha y esta dirigió sus ojos y su ceño fruncido hacia el hombre frente a ella. No es que Blue fuera muy alto, pero Emily definitivamente era pequeña. - Siéntate, por favor. Blue señaló hacia una silla vacía frente al escritorio y Emily se sentó con lentitud. Él se sentó encima del escritorio, frente a ella. La muchacha se concentró en sentir la presión del cuchillo contra su abdomen, el sentirlo ahí le daba más valor. - Babydoll. – Blue la miró con sospecha. – Te crees especial, ¿no? Emily lo miró extrañada, ni siquiera sabía porque estaba ahí. No le contestó - Sí...Tú...crees que puedes llegar y mirarme y creer que me puedes manipular y meterte con... ¡mis cosas! Y crees que no voy a sospechar de ti, ¿cierto? Dios, está chiflado. - Porque no estás loca...Porque sólo nosotros dos sabemos la verdad, ¿no? Emily permaneció callada, la verdad no sabía que era lo que él quería de ella. Blue acercó su rostro al de ella y la muchacha apoyó su espalda en la silla para poder alejarse de él. Sintió los dedos de Blue al lado de su rostro corriéndole un mechón de cabello detrás de la oreja. - ¿Sabes...? Si el doctor no fuera a llegar en dos días, no me importaría pedirle a Vera, que me dejara cuidar de ti...tal vez así me dijeras al fin donde escondiste el cuchillo. De pronto la empujó tan fuerte contra la silla que Emily tuvo que aferrarse con sus manos a los reposa brazos para no irse para atrás. Su corazón volvió a martillear con fuerza contra su pecho y lo más probable era que Blue lo escuchara. La miró con esos ojos tan negros intentando leer en su rostro alguna señal de debilidad. Emily tragó grueso y contuvo las lágrimas dentro de sus ojos, no podía permitir que tuviera tanto poder sobre ella. - ¿¡Dónde está!? – Blue la sacudió sobre su puesto y la muchacha sintió como la presión en la parte baja de su abdomen disminuía. Apretó las piernas con fuerza como un reflejo, intentando que la presión de su cuerpo no permitiera que el cuchillo saliera de su escondite. - No sé. – susurró al fin para que dejara de sacudirla. Blue suspiró y bajó los ojos. - No, no, no. – volvió a levantar la mirada hacia ella y la miró directo a los ojos. Se veía cansado, estaba pálido y tenía ojeras. Blue no podía permitir que alguien pudiera escapársele así, él administraba el lugar, nada se podía salir de control. Emily sabía que toda la situación lo estaba haciendo perder el control del que tanto alardeaba. Esto en vez de alegrarla la asustaba, un Blue sin control era igual a un desorden completo en Lenox House. - ¿Por qué mientes? - No miento. La miró analizando cada detalle de su rostro, desde su barbilla hasta su frente. - ¿Entonces por qué lloras? - No lloro. Para su sorpresa las comisuras de los labios de Blue se levantaron un poco, haciendo una mueca que intentaba parecer una sonrisa. Se alejó de ella un momento y volvió a sentarse sobre el escritorio. - Todos los utensilios de la cocina siempre se cuentan antes de cerrarla. Y faltaba uno. Ahora...tú estuviste ayer en la cocina y... ¿sabes de que me doy cuenta? Qué hasta ahora nunca se había perdido nada, hasta que llegaste tú. Blue se la quedó mirando, otra vez cruzando los brazos frente a su pecho como era su costumbre. Emily bajó la mirada, aún apretando las piernas y sintiendo como el cuchillo se resbalaba por su ropa. Por un momento había olvidado que si quería salir de ahí era mejor darle razones para que confiara en ella. ¿Pero qué debía hacer? ¿Cómo debía actuar para convencerlo de que ella lo entendía, que no debía dudar de ella? - ¿Tienes algo qué decir? Silencio. Después de varios segundos, Emily al fin tuvo la fuerza para hablar. - No lo tengo. – dijo - ¿Sabes quien lo puede tener? - No. - No te creo. - Es cierto. - ¡¿Entonces quien más lo puede tener?! - El cocinero. Blue la miró extrañado. Emily no sabía porque había dicho eso. Salió de su boca de un momento a otro, sin pensarlo. Seguramente él pensó que se estaba burlando de la situación. Pero antes de que Blue pudiera decir algo, ella habló primero: - Seguramente él lo perdió y está culpando a una de nosotras. Siempre está comiendo, ni siquiera se fija en lo que pasa alrededor de él... - Momento que tú aprovechaste para robar el cuchillo. – la interrumpió. - Tal vez hasta él lo tenga, escondido en algún lado para que nadie vuelva a trabajar en la cocina con... - No eras la única trabajando ayer. – Emily bajó la mirada derrotada, Blue ni siquiera la estaba escuchando. – Esa chica...la del pelo rubio, la hermana de Sweet Pea... ¿ La hermana de quién? - Tal vez a ti no pueda tocarte...pero a ella nadie la vendrá a buscar en dos días... – Blue hablaba para sí mismo, aunque se dirigía a ella, hablaba para él. Nada se le escapaba, sabía cómo manipular a las personas. - Yo entiendo. – Blue volteó la vista hacia ella y la miró extrañado. - ¿Qué entiendes? - Qué es difícil manejar este lugar... - No, no, no me voy a creer eso. – la interrumpió Blue desviando su mirada de la de ella. - Que estás solo. Que nadie más entiende la gran responsabilidad que tienes sobre tus hombros. Sé cómo se siente, te lo aseguro. Tener que mantener todo bajo control por aquí, sin nadie más que te ayude. Blue continuó mirandola extrañado pero no dijo nada. En ese momento Emily no sabía si le creía o si simplemente estaba esperando a que terminara para reírse en su cara. Apostaba más por la primera que por la segunda opción, la risa no era muy propia de Blue. - No tengo el cuchillo, Blue. – continuó Emily al ver que Blue no le respondía nada. Emily se hubiera levantado de la silla si hubiera podido, pero la verdad es que le daba miedo que con el movimiento el cuchillo se cayera. Ya había llegado muy lejos, lo estaba manipulando para que confiara en ella, haciéndose la valiente cuando no lo era. Intentando demostrarle que era la única en el lugar que no le tenía miedo, cuando la verdad era que nadie más en su vida la había aterrado tanto, ni siquiera su padrastro. Rápidamente Emily se inclinó hacia adelante para poder poner su mano sobre la de él. Blue la miró con sospecha pero no se alejó del contacto. El corazón de Emily martilleaba con fuerza contra su pecho, esperaba que Blue alejara la mano, que volviera a empujarla contra la silla diciéndole que no le creía, pero Blue sólo dejó la vista sobre sus manos unidas y su ceño se frunció mirando esta imagen. - Voy a ser honesto contigo. Todo esto me hace sentir como si fuera un niño pequeño, sentado en la esquina del arenero mientras que todo el mundo destruye mis juguetes. Emily intentó disimular la mueca que cruzó por su rostro. Para él eso eran las chicas del manicomio: juguetes que él podía controlar a su gusto y Lenox House era su casa de muñecas, él era Gepetto y los demás los miles de Pinochos que había fabricado, sólo que ha estos no los vendría a salvar un hada madrina. - Pero tú...- la miró con los ojos aguados, Emily intentó pensar que era por la luz, aunque sabía que sí Blue estaba en ese estado, (en el que ya no podía controlar sus emociones) eso quería decir que ella estaba ganando el juego. – Tu eres como mi muñequita, la única que aún no han destruido y que no dejaré que destruyan. – se acercó a ella, levantándose de su puesto y acuclillándose para poder estar a la altura de la muchacha que aún seguía sentada en la silla. Blue entrelazó los dedos de ambos y por un momento Emily pensó que la besaría, estaban tan cerca que la respiración de él le hacía cosquillas en el rostro. De pronto un camillero abrió la puerta de golpe y los interrumpió. - La Dra. Gorsky viene hacia acá. – dijo, apenas reparando en ella. Blue se alejó de ella rápidamente y la levantó. Emily sintió como su corazón se detenía al sentir como el cuchillo se desplazaba unos centímetros de su puesto. Por suerte no pasó nada pero pudo sentir como todos los colores de su rostro desaparecían, ninguno de los dos hombres se dio cuenta de esto por lo rápido con que la movieron para poder ocultarla. Emily se sintió como una muñeca de trapo que era pasada de un niño al otro. - Enciérrala en el closet, iré por ella después. El camillero la tomó con fuerza por el brazo y la arrastró hacia el cuarto de limpieza que quedaba justo al lado de la oficina en la que se encontraba Blue. La muchacha no tuvo tiempo siquiera de preguntar qué era el closet, en un segundo se encontró dentro de un lugar oscuro y con olor a detergente. El camillero cerró la puerta y de pronto la única luz que quedaba era la que lograba filtrarse por la pequeña ranura debajo de la puerta. Lo primero que hizo al estar sola fue acomodar el cuchillo en su ropa y volver a asegurarlo contra su cuerpo, tuvo suerte de que no se le cayera en frente de Blue, pues estaba a punto de resbalarse. Ya más calmada se dispuso a observar el lugar a su alrededor pero a causa de la oscuridad Emily ni siquiera podía ver sus propias manos, así que se resignó a esperar que la sacaran de ahí y se sentó contra la pared. Seguramente ese era el closet de limpieza, eso quería decir que lo más probable era que hubiera trapeadores y escobas con los cuales podía lastimarse. Se sentó en el piso frío y recostó su espalda contra la pared, esperando a que vinieran a sacarla. Estaba segura que encerrar a alguien en el cuarto de limpieza iba en contra de las reglas de Lenox House, pero también estaba segura que esta práctica era tan normal como darles medicinas a los pacientes. De seguro Blue era al que se le había ocurrido esa idea. Emily recostó la cabeza contra la pared fría esperando quedarse dormida, pero de pronto unos susurros provenientes de detrás de la pared le quitaron esa idea. La muchacha puso su oído contra el muro esperando escuchar más claramente de dónde provenía el ruido. Cuando encontró la posición correcta para escuchar con claridad, se dio cuenta que las voces provenían de la oficina y que parecían enfadadas. La primera era una voz femenina, con un extraño acento, al parecer polaco y la segunda era la voz de Blue. La Dra. Gorsky y él discutían. Emily frunció el ceño, intentado de esta manera concentrarse más. - No es decisión tuya. – innegablemente esa era la voz de la Dra. - Un cuchillo se perdió, creo que tengo la autoridad... - Tal vez tengas autoridad de hacer muchas cosas pero tienes que preguntarme primero si doy la autorización, o no, para revisar los cuartos. Silencio. - ¡A mí, Blue! – la Dra. Gorsky estaba innegablemente enfadada. Emily podía imaginar a Blue detrás del escritorio con cara de indignado al escuchar como alguien le hablaba de esa manera. Esta imagen casi la hace sonreír. - Veo que te he ofendido. – esta vez la voz de Blue se escuchaba más calmada. – Y me disculpo. - Gracias. – la voz de la Dra. Gorsky sonó como un susurro y a Emily le fue más y más difícil escuchar de que estaban hablando. - ...las chicas no tienen a nadie más... – sabía que esa era la voz de Blue, pero no entendía porque sonaba tan apagada. - ¿...de repente no te das cuenta de que es lo que pasa aquí...? – Parecía como sí estuvieran hablando a una distancia mínima, como si se estuvieran contando un secreto. – Has sabido eso desde hace mucho tiempo pero no lo has querido ver... Y eso, yo sí tengo la autoridad de reportarlo. ¿La estaba amenazando? Emily sintió ganas de llorar, Blue controlaba todo, ni siquiera la Dra. Gorsky podía ayudarla. Debió haberlo sabido...Era obvio que la Dra. debía de saber que Blue administraba el lugar él sólo y ya era muy tarde como para volver a tomar el control. Escuchó pasos alejarse y pudo darse cuenta que pertenecían a la Dra., pues los zapatos de tacón se escuchaban así. - ¡Te ves genial, a propósito! – la voz de Blue se escuchó con fuerza, mostrando así que ya estaban más alejados el uno del otro. Y que él había ganado. La Dra. Gorsky no respondió. ... No supo cuanto tiempo estuvo encerrada en ese lugar, pero durante ese tiempo no deseó salir para nada. Se sentía cansada, abatida por todo lo que acababa de escuchar, era como sí Blue estuviera devorando su vida poco a poco, como si fuera el monstruo debajo de la cama de los niños que no los dejaba dormir y les daba pesadillas. Y en ese caso él era el monstruo debajo de su cama. Al final la fueron a buscar, esperó encontrarse con un camillero que la llevaría devuelta a su cuarto, pero fue el propio Blue quien abrió la puerta. Emily se levantó con lentitud al verlo, siempre sintiendo el bulto en su abdomen. Blue se acercó a ella, hasta el punto en que Emily pudo sentir su olor. Para su sorpresa, olía bien. No podía sentir ningún olor de colonia, ni nada por el estilo, podía sentir el olor de él, olía a hombre, ese olor que antes solía encantarle, era el olor que soñaba con sentir al abrazar a un hombre, al amarlo y al besarlo. Blue podría ser atractivo, tenía un bonito rostro y un bonito cuerpo, lástima que estuviera tan loco. Emily lo miró directo a los ojos esperando a que dijera algo. Blue se notaba cansado, aunque era de esperar que estuviera de buen humor por lo que había pasado con la Dra., la verdad es que no se le notaba así. La miró como nunca la había mirado, como si disfrutara con verla, como si disfrutara que ella estuviera ahí con él, como si tuviera miedo de que ella hubiera desaparecido mientras que él no estaba a su lado. - ¿Me juras que no tienes el cuchillo? – las palabras salieron de él como súplicas. Esa mirada...una mirada cansada, pero a la vez tranquila, el tipo de mirada que puedes ver en una persona cuando lo peor ya ha pasado y ha vuelto a encontrar lo que estaba buscando. - Lo juro. – respondió la muchacha sin dejar de mirarlo a los ojos. Blue asintió y bajó la mirada hacia el cabello de ella. Tomó un mechón y lo ubicó detrás de la oreja de Emily, para poder mirar con más detalle su rostro. - Ok, ok...Te llevaré a tu habitación. … Esa noche, durante la cena, Emily no tuvo la oportunidad de comer sola como siempre, pues la muchacha que había visto antes, la chica rubia de pelo largo que al parecer era la hermana de Rocket, se sentó a una distancia no muy larga de ella. La fulminó con la mirada casi todo el principio de la cena y aunque Emily intentó ignorarla lo más que pudo y concentrarse en su comida, le fue difícil. Al final no pudo soportarlo más y la miró: - ¿Qué? – le dijo en un susurro, intentando que nadie más la escuchara. ¡Mi hermana no ha vuelto a aparecer desde la mañana! – le respondió la chica a la que Blue había llamado Sweet Pea. Su voz también era baja aunque se notaba que le era difícil mantenerla así. Emily frunció el ceño. - Bueno, seguramente está en aislamiento o algo así. - No tienen que hacer eso a menos que ella hubiera lastimado a alguien. ¡Y mi hermana no ha hecho nada! Bueno, se robó un cuchillo de la cocina... - Ella no había tenido ningún problema hasta que se juntó contigo. – Sweet Pea entrecerró los ojos y la miró con odio. ¿Acaso la estaba culpando por lo que le había pasado a Rocket? Si es que le había pasado algo, lo cual Emily no creía. Justo cuando la muchacha abrió la boca para responderle, vio una figura delgada, con el pelo corto y rubio, entrar por la puerta. - Mira, ahí está. – dijo Emily apuntando disimuladamente con su cabeza hacia la figura. Sweet Pea volteó a mirar y al verla le hizo una seña para que se sentara con ellas. Rocket ni siquiera traía bandeja y se sentó con lentitud al lado de su hermana. Se la notaba pálida y cansada, no era la misma Rocket efusiva y alegre que había sido en la mañana. - ¿No vas a comer nada? – le preguntó Sweet Pea a su hermana, acercándose a ella. Rocket negó con la cabeza y cerró los ojos cansada. - No tengo hambre. – susurró. Emily sabía que algo no estaba bien, ¿qué había pasado durante todo ese tiempo que Rocket había estado \"desaparecida\"? - ¿Estás bien? – le preguntó Emily extrañada por su comportamiento. - Sí. Es sólo que... - ¿Te hicieron algo? ¿Te tocaron? – inquirió Sweet Pea al ver que a su hermana se le hacía difícil contener el llanto. - No, no... Blue,...puede llegar a ser muy... – Rocket parpadeó intentado ocultar las lágrimas. – convincente. - Esto es culpa tuya. – dijo Sweet Pea dirigiéndose a Emily. Se acercó a su hermana y la abrazó para poder calmarla. - No, no... – Rocket la miró con los ojos aguados y sonrió. – Yo fui la que tomó el cuchillo, es culpa mía. - ¡¿Tú tomaste el cuchillo?! – Sweet Pea la miró sorprendida y Rocket asintió. - ¿Por qué hiciste eso? - Por qué creí que ella mataría a Blue si se lo daba. Sweet Pea y Emily se miraron en silencio sin saber cómo reaccionar. - Nadie matará a nadie aquí. – le dijo Sweet Pea después de que recuperó el aliento para hablar. Emily aún no decía nada. Se sentía fría, como si su alma se hubiera escapado de su cuerpo. ¿En qué momento le hizo creer a Rocket que ella quería matar a Blue? Ni siquiera había sido capaz de matar a su padrastro cuando tuvo la oportunidad, ¿por qué mataría a Blue? - Nunca he querido matar a nadie. – susurró Emily al final, dejando a un lado su comida. - ¿Entonces por qué otra razón querías el cuchillo? – le preguntó Rocket extrañada. Sweet Pea la miró también esperando una respuesta, aún seguía abrazada a su hermana y aunque parecía más tranquila, Emily sabía que no confiaba en ella. ¿De qué servía mentir en ese momento? Rocket la había ayudado y Sweet Pea era su hermana así que no diría nada que pudiera poner a Rocket en peligro. - En tres días llegará un médico que me hará una lobotomía y planeo irme antes de eso. Rocket y Sweet Pea se la quedaron mirando como si acabara de hablar en otro idioma. Al final, fue Sweet Pea la que primero reaccionó: - Eso es imposible. – dijo. – Hay guardias en todas partes y aún así tienes que saber qué camino tomar, Lenox House es muy grande, te perderías antes de lograr escapar. - Ya sé qué camino tomar. – respondió Emily, no sin algo de orgullo en su voz. – Hay un mapa en la oficina de Blue, lo he podido observar bien, la salida más segura es por el área de visitas. Cuando el horario de visitas se acaba, las puertas se cierran pero nadie queda en el lugar, al contrario de la recepción y la salida de emergencias en donde siempre hay alguien. - ¿Y con qué abrirás las puertas? - Sweet Pea frunció el ceño. - Blue tiene una llave maestra alrededor del cuello... – la sonrisa sin gracia de Sweet Pea la interrumpió. - ¿Y qué? ¿Planeas pedírsela y esperar que te la dé así por así? Emily no le siguió la corriente. Tal vez el plan sonara ilógico, pero hasta ahora todo estaba saliendo bien. - Vengan conmigo. – les dijo Emily. – Sólo tengo que conseguir la llave y seremos libres. Nos iremos en la noche, nadie se dará cuenta. - No. – Sweet Pea se cruzó de brazos, segura de su respuesta. Emily miró a Rocket esperando que dijera algo. Si Rocket se negaba, tendría que seguir sola. - Le gustas a Blue. – susurró Rocket mirándola mientras que fruncía ligeramente los labios. Ya estaba más tranquila y se había separado de su hermana. - No, no puedes estar considerando esto, ¿cierto? – Sweet Pea miró a su hermana preocupada. – Si nos atrapan estamos muertas. No habrá oportunidad de disculparnos con Blue y decirle que no volverá a pasar, porque estaremos muertas. - Ya estamos muertas. – los ojos de Rocket volvieron a llenarse de lágrimas. Sweet Pea la miró con los ojos llorosos y negando con su cabeza. - Estás sola. – le dijo a su hermana. - Es un buen plan. Estamos cerca, ya tenemos el cuchillo, ella conseguirá la llave. Blue está enamorado de ella, tenemos todo de nuestro lado. Emily ignoró lo último que dijo Rocket y las continuó mirando, esperando una respuesta. Sweet Pea aún no se veía muy convencida pero Emily sabía que con Rocket a su lado, ella las seguiría. - De acuerdo. – dijo Sweet Pea suspirando derrotada. La verdad era que ella también quería salir de ahí. Rocket sonrió y abrazó a su hermana. - Pero ni Rocket ni yo robaremos nada para ti. Emily asintió, confiada. - Yo tomaré la llave. – dijo. - ¿Y para qué necesitas el cuchillo? - Por si hay algún problema. Así estamos más seguras. … Esa noche, Emily casi no pudo dormir. Todas las cosas parecían en contra de ella: hacía muchísimo frio, el cuchillo en su abdomen le tallaba, pero sobretodo el pensamiento de que ya sólo faltaban dos días para que el doctor llegara, la dejaba en vela. Al final decidió quitarse el cuchillo y esconderlo debajo del colchón, cuando lo hizo sintió una corriente fría pasar por el lugar en el que el arma le había estado tallando todo ese tiempo. Seguramente su piel debía de estar roja e inflamada por todo el tiempo que había evitado que la sangre fluyera en paz. Se sintió mejor, aunque casi no pudo consolar el sueño sino hasta la madrugada, la verdad poco le importaba dormir, sabía que el psicópata de Blue estaba encaprichado con ella, pero también sabía que Blue no era tonto, sabía cómo tener esa fachada de joven tranquilo y totalmente serio y disciplinado en su trabajo. En algún momento de su ensueño llegó a preguntarse cómo era que había conseguido ser director del manicomio. A decir verdad era muy joven, debía de tener si mucho treinta años, pero aun así todo el mundo sucumbía a sus órdenes, ¡él tenía la llave maestra del manicomio! Ni siquiera la Dra. Gorsky ejercía tanto poder como él. Y le tocaba a ella, una chica pequeña, flaca y ordinaria quitarle la llave y despojarlo de todo su poder. En ningún momento cruzó por su mente la posibilidad de fracasar, pero tampoco cruzó por su mente un plan concreto. Ella sólo sabía que tenía que tomar esa llave, ¿cómo lo haría en dos días? No tenía idea. Blue no se iba a abalanzar sobre ella a darle una oportunidad para escapar, ella iba a tener que hacerlo. Cuando amaneciera, debía trabajar limpiando los pasillos, esperaba que Blue volviera a acosarla como siempre lo hacía cuando estaba sola. Esa sería su última oportunidad, el nuevo día que estaba por llegar era lo único que le quedaba, esperaba irse por la noche junto con Sweet Pea y Rocket y terminar de una vez por todas con la pesadilla. Esa noche durmió poco y durmió mal. Era una lástima porque planeaba irse ese mismo día y estaba segura que no volvería a dormir bien en mucho tiempo. Pasó casi toda la mañana como un sonámbulo. Tenía los ojos irritados y le ardían, pero su energía volvió después de una ducha de agua helada y un desayuno que consistía en avena insípida. Un empleado de limpieza le pasó lo que necesitaba para empezar con su única labor del día: Una cubeta llena de agua enjabonada y un cepillo para restregar las baldosas, debía limpiar los pasillos que iban desde el teatro hasta la cocina. Cuando llegara a la cocina podía terminar. El tiempo se le pasó rápido y monótono, ni siquiera se concentró en lo que estaba haciendo, sólo restregaba y limpiaba, restregaba y limpiaba. De un momento a otro se vio justo al lado de la puerta de la cocina en donde divisó a Rocket y a Sweet Pea trabajando. Emily no les puso mucho cuidado, sabía que tendría que hablar con ellas en la hora del almuerzo para que estuvieran listas en sus habitaciones. En la noche, cuando Emily ya tuviera la llave, iría hacia ellas y las sacaría de sus habitaciones, después irían a la sala de visitas que debía de estar desierta y saldrían sin que nadie se diera cuenta. El sólo hecho de pensar en eso le hacía sentir mariposas en el estómago, en menos de 12 horas sería libre. De pronto un estruendo y un grito provenientes de la cocina la sacaron de su ensoñación. Emily levantó su cabeza esperando escuchar algo más para ir a ver qué era lo que pasaba. Un llanto amargo y desgarrador llegó a sus oídos y fue ahí cuando dejó lo que estaba haciendo y corrió a la cocina. Al entrar, al principio no pudo entender de qué se trataba, tal vez la imagen era demasiado perturbadora para que su cerebro pudiera asimilarlo con rapidez. Pero al final, cuando entendió que todo lo que pasaba era cierto, un sentimiento de terror la invadió y no encontró otra cosa más que hacer que ponerse a llorar. Sweet Pea sacudía a su hermana intentando hacerla reaccionar, pero era obvio que estaba muerta. Una línea de sangre corría por el oído derecho de Rocket y su cabello estaba untado de ese mismo líquido rojo escarlata. El cocinero se encontraba en un rincón sin moverse ni hacer nada, parecía asustado, como si fuera culpa de él. Emily no sabía que había pasado pero la verdad no quería saberlo, Rocket estaba muerta y su hermana lloraba encima del cadáver inconsolablemente. La muchacha fue a acomodarse al lado de Sweet Pea y se acuclilló a su lado intentando contener los sollozos. Estaban las tres en el piso justo al lado de una mesa en donde se habían estado picando y cortando previamente unas cebollas. Emily, en su desesperación y tristeza, dirigió por un momento sus ojos hacia la mesa y pudo ver que en el borde de esta había una pequeña mancha de sangre. La muchacha no sabía que pensar, abrazó a Sweet Pea para hacerle saber que ella estaba a su lado, pero la rubia ni siquiera lo notó. Emily cerró los ojos, intentado sumirse en otro mundo, intentando no ver lo que estaba frente a ella.[Chapter 4] Capítulo 4 Rocket murió a causa de un golpe en su cabeza. El cocinero dijo que había creído que quería robar un cuchillo y que en el desespero la había empujado, Rocket había perdido el equilibrio y su cabeza había rebotado contra la mesa de cocina. Emily casi quiso sonreír por la ironía, cuando Rocket robó el cuchillo no pasó nada, pero cuando no tuvo ninguna intención de hacer nada el cocinero había reaccionado violentamente cegado por su miedo de que algo pasara. ¿Qué creía? ¿Qué Rocket lo apuñalaría así de la nada enfrente de su hermana sin ningún motivo? La verdad era que nadie más que el cocinero sabía porque la había matado. Minutos después de que Emily entrara a la cocina, Blue llegó con dos otros camilleros que miraron con espanto el espectáculo. Levantaron a Sweet Pea, que no hacía más que llorar desconsoladamente, y la alejaron del cuerpo inerte de su hermana. Blue miró el cuerpo y luego miró a Emily que seguía acuclillada al lado de este. La muchacha no pudo entender si a Blue le importó o no la muerte de Rocket, pero si le había importado, no dio muchas muestras de ello. Se acercó al cocinero y le gritó unos cuantos insultos a los cuales Emily no prestó mucha atención. Ella se quedó ahí, con lágrimas corriendo por sus mejillas y contemplando como la única amiga que había tenido en ese lugar, ya no era más que un cadáver frío y pálido cubierto de sangre. Al final, también la levantaron a ella del suelo y la sacaron del lugar. Por el rabillo del ojo, pudo ver como Blue conversaba irritado con el cocinero sobre lo que había pasado y como llegaban más y más personas al lugar. Emily veía pero no lograba escuchar nada, seguramente estaba en shock. El camillero que la levantó la puso a un lado de todo lo que había pasado, pero no la llevaron a su cuarto. Pronto la policía llegó y se llevaron al cocinero. Cuando estuvo más calmada, Emily se dio cuenta porque la habían dejado ahí. Vio a Blue hablar con un oficial aunque la verdad no sabía de qué podrían estar hablando. Blue parecía molesto y el oficial que estaba con el no parecía estar de buen humor tampoco. Vio como de un momento a otro Blue dirigía su mirada hacia ella y fruncía el ceño al verla ahí parada. Emily se le quedó mirando confundida. Blue se separó del policía por un momento y fue hacia uno de los camilleros, al que había llamado CJ anteriormente, y apunto hacia ella. Emily no sabía de qué estaban hablando pero de pronto CJ fue hacia ella, la cogió por el brazo izquierdo y la llevó a su habitación. Mientras que caminaban, la muchacha volteó su mirada hacia Blue, que cada vez se iba haciendo más y más pequeño, y vio que él la observaba nervioso y después al policía con quien estaba. Y fue ahí cuando todo tuvo sentido: con la policía ahí, Blue tenía miedo de que ella se escapara, que dijera algo sobre él que pudiera mandarlo a la cárcel, por eso le había pedido a CJ que se la llevara. Emily volteó a mirar al hombre que la sostenía y vio que este la estaba obligando ir cada vez más y más rápido. Una vez más la muchacha miró a Blue, que estaba aún más lejos de su alcance, y lo vio estrechar la mano del policía que lo interrogaba y fue ahí que Emily quiso gritar. Era su oportunidad, al fin podría ser libre y decir qué era lo que realmente había pasado con su madre y con su hermana. Abrió la boca para hacerlo, llenando de aire sus pulmones para empezar a ser el escándalo de su vida, para que al fin alguien la escuchara. Pero justo cuando lo iba a hacer, sintió una presión dolorosa en su brazo izquierdo, justo por donde el camillero la sostenía y empezó a ver que las cosas a su alrededor se convertían en figuras borrosas. Lo primero que hizo, por instinto, fue poner su mano en la parte baja de su abdomen, para que cuando se desmayara (por que se iba a desmayar) la fuerza de la caída no hiciera que el cuchillo se cayera. Lo último que pudo ver, antes de que todas las figuras se convirtieran en manchas negras, fue el rostro de Blue observándola desde el fondo del pasillo. ... Emily despertó en su cuarto. Estaba acostada en su cama y la cabeza le dolía, además de tener un extraño sabor en su boca. Se incorporó y lo primero que sintió fue la presión del cuchillo contra su abdomen. Esto la tranquilizó, aunque la verdad no se sentía nada bien, no tenía idea de que hora era y parecía que cada minuto que pasaba era un minuto más lejos de poder salir. No tenía idea de donde estaba Sweet Pea y el hecho de que Rocket estuviera muerta le parecía tan irreal que empezaba a dudar que siquiera todo lo otro que pasaba a su alrededor existiera. Tal vez sí estaba loca después de todo, tal vez todo lo que estaba pasando era producto de su imaginación…No, el cuchillo en su abdomen no era una alucinación, no era una fantasía, y el querer ser libre tampoco lo era, aunque Blue no iba a dejar que eso pasara. Ya estaba segura, no necesitaba más pruebas: Blue le había ordenado a CJ que la drogara para que ella no dijera nada, para poder salvar su pellejo de ir a la cárcel. ¿Cómo pudo ser tan estúpida? Debió haberse puesto a gritar al primer momento en que había visto un policía, pero la muerte de Rocket la había lastimado tanto que ni siquiera había reparado en lo que pasaba a su alrededor. Ya no había tiempo de qué arrepentirse, el momento en el que ella había creído que Blue se le acercaría terminó siendo todo lo contrario a lo que ella esperaba. El plan había cambiado, debía lograr salir de la habitación para poder hablar con él, en cualquier momento alguien aparecería para llevarla a almorzar. Efectivamente así fue, unos minutos después un camillero llegó a buscarla y la sacó del cuarto. Emily ni siquiera reparó en si era CJ el que la estaba guiando a la cafetería en ese momento, sólo tenía que concentrarse en poder estar con Blue. Almorzó con tan pocas ganas como desayunó. Sweet Pea obviamente no estaba alrededor y Emily entendió que tendría que irse sin ella. En la tarde, los camilleros la dejaron en el teatro. La verdad no hizo nada durante todo el tiempo que estuvo allí, unas chicas estaban jugando ajedrez al lado de ella, pero ni siquiera se les acercó. Intentó en lo posible no ponerse a llorar enfrente de todo el mundo, la verdad se sentía muy mal, aún no lo podía creer, pero esa misma noche se iba a escapar y necesitaba que Blue se fijara en ella. Blue estaba sentado en un rincón observándolas a todas mientras que jugueteaba con su llave alrededor del cuello. Emily se lo quedó mirando por un momento confundida, parecía que estaba de mal humor, tenía una expresión extraña, como si estuviera pensando en algo que debía solucionar pronto pero no sabía cómo. Al final debió de haber sentido la mirada de ella sobre la de él, pues volteó sus ojos negro azabache hacia ella y su mirada se suavizó. La miraba como la había mirado la vez en que estaban en los pasillos y ella era llevada con otros camilleros hacia las duchas. Extrañado, pero a la vez sospechoso de que estuviera planeando algo. Sólo que Emily no lo miró como lo miró ese día, sino que lo miró con odio, con toda la amargura que sentía hacia él, por no importarle la muerte de Rocket y por no importarle la vida de ella. Blue sonrió con amargura al captar esto y bajó la vista hacia su llave, se organizó la chaqueta y se levantó de su puesto. Fue hacia ella, enfrente de todos los demás y la arrastró fuera del lugar para estar solos. Quedaron justo al lado de la entrada del teatro, detrás de una pared para que nadie pudiera verlos. El brazo en que la habían inyectado aún le dolía y el agarre de Blue no fue muy amable. Blue miró alrededor para ver si había alguien que pudiera descubrirlos, pero al no ver a nadie sólo se acercó a ella y le habló en tono bajo para que nadie los escuchara. - ¿Qué? ¿Me odias? ¿Es eso? Emily lo escuchó sin decir nada, ni siquiera le quería dirigir la palabra. - No, no, no, yo… - humedeció sus labios con su lengua sopesando lo que iba a decir. - …yo no tengo la culpa de nada de lo que pasó. Emily lo miró sin poder creer lo que escuchaba. - ¡Me drogaste! – le dijo entre dientes. - ¡Sabes que no merezco estar aquí! ¡Sabes que no estoy loca! – le costaba mucho trabajo no gritar. - ¿Y qué quieres qué haga? ¿Qué vaya a la cárcel? ¿Qué confiese todo? ¡Sí! - ¿Que te deje aquí…? – pasó sus dedos con suavidad por un mechón de cabello de ella. La muchacha volteó la cara hacia otro lado, alejándose de su contacto. - Si confesaras todo yo no tendría por qué quedarme aquí. - Entonces es eso…Te quieres ir, te quieres escapar… Se quedó callada, sin saber que responder, Blue no podía descubrir todo en ese momento, sino todo lo que había hecho no servía de nada. - Es eso. Desde el principio fue eso, ¿no? - No le respondió. - ¡¿No?! El grito la hizo estremecerse en su puesto, pero no le contestó. Blue bajó la vista intentando calmarse, desde ese aspecto parecía como si estuviera decepcionado y derrotado. Cansado de pelear con todo el mundo. - He estado pensando mucho en todo lo que ha pasado y… en cómo mañana ya estarás en el paraíso y dejarás de ser una molestia. – Levantó la vista de nuevo hacia ella y Emily se dio cuenta que se estaba creando una imagen de Blue muy diferente a como era en realidad. ¿Se veía cansado? Sí. ¿Se veía derrotado? No, ni siquiera parecía que le doliera todo lo que había pasado. - Y tú pensarás que eso me gusta, porque ya no tendría que preocuparme por nada… ¿pero sabes cómo me siento? Siento como si la única persona que me ha entendido, la única persona honesta conmigo, ya simplemente no estará más aquí. Blue estaba muy cerca de ella, tanto que Emily tenía la espalda tan cerca de la pared que sólo le faltaba unos milímetros para tocarla. - O al menos la persona que decía entenderme. Todo era mentira. - No, - Emily clavó sus ojos en los de él y lo observó – nunca mentí. Él la miró confundido y fue ahí que la besó. El beso no duró mucho, sólo el momento en el que sus labios se encontraron y Blue cerró los ojos para poder disfrutarlo. Al separarse Emily sólo lo miró en silencio, pero cuando Blue intentó volver a besarla ella lo detuvo. - Ven a mi cuarto. – le dijo. – Después de la cena, cuando todos duerman. Blue la observó directo a los ojos y Emily sintió toda la adoración que él sentía por ella, algo parecido a como la había mirado después de que la había sacado del closet, sólo que esta vez no había miedo, simplemente admiración y deseo, al fin podría tenerla. O eso creía él. Él asintió. - Mientras que todos duermen. – dijo y se separó de ella para volver a entrar al teatro. ... Emily estaba preparada. Esa noche durante la cena había intentado por última vez poder encontrarse con Sweet Pea, pero esta no apareció. Ya no había nada que hacer, en menos de una hora se apagarían las luces y Blue estaría en su cuarto. La muchacha se había repetido varias veces en su mente el ser valiente. Aunque quiso mantener el cuchillo en el pliegue de su falda, sabía que tendría que guardarlo en otra parte por si Blue la tocaba. Iba a intentar en lo posible evitar las caricias y los besos, pero ella sabía que tendría que hacer lo que más pudiera por mantenerlo distraído. Al final escondió el cuchillo debajo del colchón de plumas y se sentó en la cama a esperar. Las luces del pasillo se apagaron, se cerraron las puertas y pronto la única luz que entró fue la luz de la luna que se filtraba por una pequeña ventana ubicada en la pared de la habitación. El corazón de Emily latía fuerte, sus manos sudaban y lo único que quería era que Blue llegara pronto para poder acabar con todo. Nunca le gustó manipular a las personas, siempre fue una buena niña, fue amorosa con su madre y con su hermana, nunca le gustó lastimar a los demás, pero el espíritu de lucha siempre estuvo dentro de ella y si le tocaba dejar salir una parte de ella que no conocía lo haría, así como lo hizo con su padrastro. No fue sino hasta tarde que Emily al fin sintió los pasos fuera de su puerta. Divisó la sombra de Blue por la ranura de la puerta y se respiró profundamente mientras que escuchaba como se abría la puerta. Estaba tan oscuro que ninguna luz la golpeó cuando se abrió la puerta. Vio la sombra de Blue deslizarse dentro de la habitación en silencio, como un espectro. Emily no sabía si podía verla pero aun así le dedicó una leve sonrisa. La muchacha apenas podía ver el cuerpo del recién llegado, podía ver partes de su rostro, como sus pómulos y su nariz, pero no podía ver sus ojos, la oscuridad era demasiado. Sabía que era Blue, lo sabía por como cruzó los brazos apenas entró y por cómo se quedó en un rincón observándola. Emily no dijo nada, sólo se quedó quieta dándole el espacio y el tiempo a él para que hiciera lo que quisiera, irían a su ritmo, ella ya no tenía prisa. Él finalmente se acercó a ella, como la muchacha estaba sentada, se acuclilló para quedar a su altura y fue ahí cuando Emily al fin pudo ver su rostro gracias al rayo de luna que entraba por la ventanita. No sabía si tenía los ojos aguados o es que la luz los hacía ver de esa forma, pero Blue la miraba con tanta adoración, como si ella fuera una frágil reliquia sagrada que le daba miedo tocar. Nadie nunca la había mirado de esa manera y por un momento (sólo por un momento) Emily se sintió mal por lo que iba a hacer. La llave también brilló con la luz de la luna y provocó un resplandor que casi la cegó, parecía un objeto fabricado por los ángeles, justo en frente de ella, gritando por ser utilizado para sacarla de ese infierno. La muchacha lo miró de nuevo y pudo ver que Blue estaba concentrado en ella como al principio, sólo que su expresión había cambiado, ya no la miraba con admiración, su ceño estaba ligeramente fruncido y Emily sabía que algo no andaba bien. Blue bajó la mirada hacia la llave y jugueteo con ella entre sus dedos. Al final soltó un bufido y se alejó de Emily. La muchacha quedó extrañada por su reacción pero no se movió de su puesto, después de todo estaba sentada encima de donde estaba su única arma. Blue quedó en un rincón de la habitación aún observando la llave entre sus dedos sin dirigirle ninguna mirada. - No quería que fuera cierto. – dijo después de una eternidad y Emily frunció el ceño extrañada. Blue al fin volteó la mirada hacia ella, desde ese puesto la muchacha no lo podía distinguir bien. - Lo sé todo. No es cierto. - Siempre lo supe todo pero al principio no quise creerlo. Emily lo miró en silencio sin saber que decir, ya todo estaba perdido, si Blue salía por esa puerta lo perdía todo. - Hasta que francamente empezó a tener sentido. Miente. - Justo aquí. – señaló la llave y la levantó frente al rostro de ella haciendo que la luz de la luna disparara un reflejo. Mierda. Al ver que Emily no reaccionaba se acercó a ella casi de un salto y la tomó por debajo de la barbilla obligándola a mirarlo. Emily puso sus manos alrededor de la suya intentando separarlo de ella pero Blue sólo la empujó sobre la cama y la muchacha cayó sobre esta haciendo que los resortes chillaran. - Tu querida amiga, me lo dijo todo. Me dijo que te había dado el cuchillo pero que no sabía dónde lo escondías. ¿Para qué ibas a necesitar un cuchillo sino para lastimar a alguien? – Blue dejó caer su peso sobre el de ella aplastándola contra la cama, los resortes volvieron a chillar y los brazos de Emily quedaron enterrados entre el pecho de ella y el de él. - ¡¿A quién ibas a lastimar?! ¡A mí! – la empujó de nuevo aplastándola más y quitándole el aire, Emily gritó. No podía sacar sus brazos para buscar el cuchillo que estaba justo debajo del colchón, así que se revolcó debajo del él luchando todas sus fuerzas para poder quitárselo de encima. Blue se apartó de ella por un minuto intentando agarrarle con fuerza los brazos y evitando los golpes que ella intentaba propinarle. - Mientras que todos duermen, ¿no? ¡¿Crees que soy estúpido?! ¿Dónde lo escondiste? – Blue deslizo el cuerpo de la muchacha sobre las sábanas para así poder observarla mejor. La cabeza de Emily quedó más arriba que la suya y por ende sus brazos también, la muchacha lo golpeó fuerte en la cara pero lo único que le causó a Blue fue gracia. - ¡¿Oh, enserio?! – la aplastó aún más pero ya Emily tenía un brazo libre y empezó a buscar el cuchillo con desespero debajo del colchón. – ¿Lo tienes aquí? – Blue empezó a acariciarla por encima del vestido con sus manos y la muchacha sabía que no estaba buscando el cuchillo. La tocó por todo el cuerpo y empezó a besarle el cuello mientras que le jalaba la camisa. Emily sintió el mango frio de su arma con la punta de los dedos y cerró su puño sobre esta. De pronto se quedó quieta jadeando y con el corazón latiéndole desbocado, aferrando tanto el cuchillo que los nudillos se le pusieron blancos. Blue se dio cuenta que ya no peleaba y se detuvo. - ¿Qué? – dijo tomándola por los hombros y sacudiéndola intentando obtener una reacción por su parte, ni siquiera dándose cuenta que ella tenía el cuchillo en su puño. - No, no, no – Ella se quedó con la mirada baja, sin reaccionar. – ¿Perdiste tu pelea, uh? Emily negó con la cabeza y le dijo en un susurro: - No. La acabo de encontrar. Enterró el cuchillo en el hombro de Blue con toda la fuerza que pudo. La hoja entrando en la carne y atravesando el hueso provocó un sonido que resonó por toda la habitación. Clavó la hoja hasta que el mango tocó la piel y cuando Blue perdió todas sus fuerzas y al fin se separó de ella, fue ahí cuando lo sacó. Él ni siquiera tuvo la fuerza de gritar, abrió la boca lanzando un grito ahogado que al final no se escuchó. Cayó de rodillas frente a la cama mareado por el dolor y observando como Emily se volvía a incorporar. Ni siquiera tenía la fuerza para levantar su brazo opuesto y tocarse la herida, sólo la observó con los labios entreabiertos y respirando con dificultad, aun sin comprender que era lo que había pasado exactamente. Emily apretó en su puño derecho el cuchillo ensangrentado y con la mano izquierda cogió la llave que finalmente la liberaría. La cadenilla alrededor del cuello de Blue hizo que él se acercara más a ella cuando la tomó. Emily se levantó de la cama agitada por lo que acababa de pasar y le dijo: - Nunca me tendrás, nunca. – Puso su pie sobre el pecho de él, aún sosteniendo con su mano izquierda la llave y lo empujó hacia atrás, rompiendo la cadena y dejando la llave en su mano. El cuerpo de Blue cayó con un sonido sordo provocando más presión sobre su hombro lastimado. Al fin pudo poner su mano opuesta sobre la herida, descubriendo que esta se llenaba de sangre, lo había apuñalado justo en el hueso y el dolor ni siquiera le permitía levantarse. Vio a Emily abrir la puerta de la habitación mientras que salía corriendo y lo encerraba en el cuarto. - ¡No! – gritó Blue sosteniendo su hombro lastimado y estampándose con dificultad contra la puerta cerrada. Emily le echó seguro por fuera y pudo escuchar como Blue golpeaba la puerta mientras gritaba. - ¡Maldita perra! ¡Te voy a matar! ¡Mentirosa! ¡Mentirosa! – sus gritos quedaron en la distancia mientras que ella corría frenética por los pasillos oscuros del manicomio. Se dio cuenta mientras corría que aún sostenía el cuchillo ensangrentado en su mano derecha y lo tiró al piso de forma repulsiva. Siguió corriendo, dejando su arma atrás, casi no podía ver por dónde iba, pero sí sabía que no estaba perdida. La entrada de visitas quedaba al otro lado del manicomio, era algo como una salida de emergencia. Corrió por los pasillos lo más rápido que pudo, sintiendo las baldosas frías debajo de sus pies descalzos y sin darse cuenta que con cada paso que daba, iba iluminando las luces automáticas del techo que se prendían al sentir su presencia. De esa forma les iba a ser más fácil encontrarla. Estaba casi en la puerta del salón de visitas, el cual estaba completamente vacío y a oscuras, pero antes de abrir la puerta un pensamiento la detuvo. Sweet Pea. No la había visto desde la muerte de Rocket y le había prometido que la sacaría de ahí. Una vocecita en su cabeza le gritó desesperada que saliera de una vez, ya no había forma de devolverse, pero Emily la ignoró, ¿cómo podía ella escaparse sin ni siquiera tener la decencia de buscar a Sweet Pea? Le echó un último vistazo a la sala de visitas que se encontraba vacía y a regañadientes dio la vuelta para buscarla. Era un gran riesgo el que tomaba al hacer lo que estaba haciendo, pero Emily estaba segura que Blue la había encerrado en el closet hasta que se calmara, así como lo había hecho con ella. Su corazón latía como loco dentro de su pecho mientras que se acercaba cada vez más hacia su destino, debía de hacerlo rápido, pues ya había perdido mucho tiempo. Su mayor miedo era que en cualquier momento, Blue apareciera con otros dos camilleros gritando: ¡ahí está la loca que me apuñaló, atrápenla! Definitivamente debía de querer matarla en ese momento, si no lograba salir, sería mejor que le hicieran la lobotomía a que la dejaran cuerda con él, de seguro Blue se encargaría de enloquecerla. Al fin llegó al closet, su cabello pegándose a su frente a causa del sudor, y abrió la puerta. - ¡Sweet Pea! – dijo esperando encontrarse con la muchacha. Se la imaginaba escondida en un rincón abrazando sus piernas y llorando desconsolada. Pero al abrir la puerta se encontró con lo opuesto y eso fue porque no encontró nada. El closet estaba a oscuras pero era obvio que estaba vacío, sólo había utensilios de limpieza como trapeadores y escobas. La muchacha sintió como los colores desaparecían de su rostro, no iba a poder sacar a Sweet Pea, ni siquiera sabía dónde estaba y había perdido su tiempo devolviéndose. Y al final, cuando creía que las cosas no podían ir peor, un sonido fuerte, monótono y desesperante la ensordeció: la alarma. Emily corrió lo más rápido que sus piernas se lo permitieron, escuchó voces al final de los pasillos y esta vez no necesitó pasar por debajo de las luces para que estas se iluminaran. Pudo ver a dos camilleros detrás de ella y corrió aún más rápido, no había parado de sostener la llave en su mano durante todo el recorrido, lo que hacía que sus dedos se sintieran resbalosos y adoloridos. Estaba cerca, sólo un pasillo más y sería libre, llegaría a la sala de visitas y se iría de una vez por todas. Pero justo al cruzar el pasillo, en vez de encontrarse con una gran puerta cerrada, se encontró con algo peor: un camillero alto, enorme que la miraba sin expresión alguna y quien dirigió su puño hacia el rostro de ella, propinándole un golpe que la dejó inconsciente. ... Sólo falta un capítulo...[Chapter 5] Capítulo 5 \" Prefiero ser un mentiroso como tu, para satisfacer mis más profundos deseos. Pertenezco a alguien a quien me le entrego. Pero sólo te deseo a ti.\" – The Obsessive Devotion, Epica. La luz blanca de la enfermería hacia que le ardieran los ojos. Seguramente debía de tenerlos rojos e irritados y debía de tener un aspecto demacrado. La enfermera le había quitado el saco blanco con la mayor delicadeza, pero aún así le era imposible no sisear de dolor por el mero contacto. Su camisa y su brazo derecho, con el cual se había tocado la herida todo el tiempo para evitar el sangrado, estaban llenas de sangre y el brazo entero le ardía y le temblaba. Nunca se había sentido tan mal, tenía los labios resecos, los ojos hinchados, era obvio que debía de estar pálido como un cadáver y el dolor de su hombro no lo dejaba compensarse, se sentía mareado todo el tiempo y veía estrellas a su alrededor. Pero lo que más le molestaba era que no poder salir de la enfermería y saciar sus ansias de estrangular a Babydoll hasta que su preciosa cara de muñeca se pusiera negra. Sabía que era su culpa, sabía que debió haber buscado el cuchillo antes de tirarla en la cama, pero la verdad fue que se confió, no creyó que pudiera alcanzarlo. Igualmente en menos de 15 minutos la atraparían. Cuando CJ y Danforth lo encontraron al menos 10 minutos después de que estuviera gritando y golpeando la puerta. El ruido hizo que las otras locas se despertaran y empezaran a gritar también, finalmente los camilleros lograron encontrar en qué habitación estaba y lo llevaron a la enfermería. Casi tuvo que gritarles para que entendieran que él podía caminar solo y que en vez de ayudarlo fueran a buscar a Babydoll. La enfermera estaba medio dormida cuando entró a atenderlo, pero cuando vio tanta sangre inmediatamente se despertó. La verdad la herida era pequeña, pero el dolor era tanto que apenas si lo dejaba hablar, un poco más a la derecha y habría podido cortarle una arteria. Casi todo Lenox House estaba despierto, habían llamado a la Dra Gorsky para que fuera a ver lo que había pasado. La Dra llegó más o menos a las 2 de la madrugada, no llevaba tanto maquillaje como era su costumbre, pero sí traía puesto uno de sus típicos vestidos elegantes y unos tacones de aguja altos que resonaban por todo el lugar en silencio. En ese momento se encontraban los tres en la enfermería: la enfermera intentando cubrirle la herida para que parara de sangrar, Blue que intentaba no desmayarse y la Dra. Gorsky, la cual lo observaba con los brazos cruzados. Blue la miró con los ojos entrecerrados intentando no demostrarle cuanto le dolía y afrontando la mirada de ella que no hacía más que mirarlo como si fuera la cosa más patética y decepcionante que había visto en su vida. Al final, cuando la enfermera terminó de cubrirle la herida, esta salió de la habitación con un recipiente lleno de toallas con sangre y la camisa blanca ensangrentada de Blue. Ambos quedaron solos mirándose el uno al otro mientras que Blue intentaba torpemente ponerse otra camisa nueva. Después de varios minutos intentando encontrar la manera menos dolorosa de hacerlo, pasó la camisa por encima de su cabeza y la acomodó rápido en su cuerpo, el dolor hizo que una corriente eléctrica le recorriera todo el cuerpo y al fin lo hizo reaccionar frente a la mirada de la Dra. - ¡¿Qué?! – le espetó iracundo. La Dra. Gorsky ni siquiera se inmutó por su falta de respeto. - Tú… - dijo arrastrando las palabras lo que hacía que su acento polaco se marcara con mucha más fuerza. – eres el hombre más estúpido y miserable qué he visto. Blue la fulminó con la mirada, en silencio. - ¿Qué hacías en su cuarto a esta hora? - Nada. La Dra. Gorsky rio con amargura. - ¿Nada? ¡Nada! ¿Entonces cuando venga la policía qué les diré? ¡Tú turno había terminado hacía más de dos horas! - No les diremos nada, es un manicomio, estás cosas pasan… - ¡Estas cosas pasan! ¡Un camillero no puede estar a solas en el cuarto de una paciente nunca! ¡Mucho menos en la noche! Blue tuvo la intención de coger la llave alrededor de su cuello y enseñársela, pero al sentir su pecho vacío simplemente bajó la vista y escuchó el sermón que le estaban dirigiendo. - Ya no puedo seguir aguantando esto, Blue. – la Dra. Gorsky se acomodó en una esquina del lugar y recostó su espalda contra la pared. – ¿Ahora qué vas a hacer? ¿La vas apuñalar de vuelta? Eres un maldito enfermo, eso es lo que eres. - ¡Y tú dejaste que este maldito enfermo estuviera a cargo de todo el manicomio! – el grito hizo que tensionara los músculos de su hombro haciendo que le doliera. Blue bajó la mirada para ocultar el dolor. – Si yo me hundo, tú también. – dijo en un susurro. - No hay nada que puedas hacerme que no me hayas hecho… De pronto Blue se acercó a ella y la agarró por la mandíbula interrumpiéndola. Estaba usando el brazo opuesto, pero aún así su hombro izquierdo palpitaba de dolor a causa de la fuerza. Él lo ignoró. - Escúchame zorra anciana, si yo me voy a la cárcel te llevo conmigo… Un apretón justo en su herida hizo que la soltara y que provocara una exclamación de dolor. Vera había presionado sus uñas largas justo en el lugar en donde más le dolía en ese momento, haciendo que se alejara de ella. - No me toques. – le dijo mientras que lo empujaba contra la camilla de la enfermería. Blue bajó de nuevo la vista y se tocó la herida, sólo para ver segundos después como la sangre cubría sus dedos y dejaba una pequeña mancha en su camisa blanca. Sentía como la vena de su frente se dilataba por el dolor y por más que quería matar a la persona frente a él, se contuvo, estaba en desventaja en ese momento. Lo único que podía hacer era fulminarla con la mirada. De pronto CJ apareció en la puerta observándolos a ambos. Blue y la Dra. lo miraron sorprendidos de verlo ahí, intentando ocultar lo que acababa de pasar. - La encontramos. – dijo el recién llegado. Blue frunció el ceño y se acercó a él. Le era difícil caminar sin encorvarse, cuando se enderezaba el hombro le ardía. - ¿Cómo está? – la Dra. Gorsky se organizó el vestido y se acercó al camillero, ni siquiera mirando a Blue. - Está bien. – contestó CJ mirando rápidamente a Blue. – Aunque tuvimos que doparla porque estaba muy alterada. - ¿Puede caminar? – esta vez fue Blue quien habló. - Sí. – el camillero lo observó sospechoso. – Pero no sola, está casi dormida... - Bien. – la Dra. Gorsky lo interrumpió dando fin a la conversación. – Llévenla a su cuarto. Mañana arreglaremos todo. Le dirigió a Blue una última mirada antes de salir de la enfermería, ni siquiera de despidió. CJ también lo miró antes de salir de la habitación. - Espera. – dijo Blue acercándose un poco al camillero. CJ lo observó confundido y se detuvo en su camino. - ¿Qué hora es? El hombre frente a él pareció extrañado por su pregunta pero al final miró su reloj sin darle importancia. - Las 2:30 de la mañana. – dijo con indiferencia. Blue intentó llevar su mano derecha hacia su herida pero se detuvo al sentir una punzada de dolor. - Llévenla a los baños... – dijo bajando la mirada y respirando agitado por el dolor. Al ver que el camillero no le respondía nada, levantó los ojos y lo miró esperando una respuesta. Desde ese ángulo, Blue se veía aterrador, sus ojos se veían tan negros que apenas se podía diferencia la pupila del iris. Las sombras debajo de estos tenían una tonalidad casi morada al igual que sus labios. Y estaba pálido, CJ nunca había visto a alguien tan pálido de pie. Quiso decir que no, que ya no lo ayudaría más, pero no tuvo el valor de hacerlo, ya era muy tarde para negarse, debió haberlo hecho la primera vez, pero habían dejado que Blue ganara. A veces nos dejamos manipular por aquellos a los cuales consideramos superiores, sin darnos cuenta que son iguales que nosotros y que el único poder que tienen es el que les otorgamos. CJ asintió, bajando la mirada. Blue levantó las comisuras de los labios en una pequeña sonrisa diabólica. - Gracias. – dijo mientras que pasaba a su lado y salía de la enfermería. Caminó con lentitud y con dificultad por los pasillos oscuros del manicomio, dejando a CJ detrás de él, pero sin saber que la Dra. Gorsky estaba ahí, detrás de una pared, escondida, escuchando, como un ángel de la guarda. … Eran casi las tres menos cuarto. Blue estaba parado junto a Danforth frente a la reja de metal. Si tuviera la llave, tal vez habría podido ir solo y el mismo habría podido abrir la reja. Pero como ese no era el caso, tuvo que pedirle a Danforth que lo acompañara, quien aceptó a regañadientes. El hombro le ardía como nunca, pero sabía que pronto obtendría su venganza, esperaba que Babydoll recobrara la conciencia para cuando estuvieran solos. Aunque la verdad no sabía que era lo que iba a hacer, la última chica a la que había llevada ahí había sido la hermana de Sweet Pea. Ni siquiera tuvo que tocarla, al estar los dos solos la muchacha estalló en llanto, no la culpaba, debía de tenerle miedo, como todas las demás, así nada se salía de control. La verdad nunca se había interesado en ella, (apenas sí podía recordar su nombre, ¿cuál era?, empezaba con una R, estaba seguro... ¿Qué importaba? De todas formas estaba muerta), le parecía demasiado simplona, al contrario de su hermana. Sweet Pea era muy bonita, le gustó desde la primera vez que la vio, lástima que estuviera tan loca. El lugar en el que estaban era un pasillo que había sido abandonado hace mucho tiempo, incluso antes de que él empezara a trabajar. Detrás de la reja sólo se encontraba un pasillo desolado lleno de polvo y moho y un baño grande en el que ya ni siquiera llegaba el agua. Nadie entraba, pero la primera vez que Blue se dio cuenta de que ese lugar existía supo que se podían hacer tantas cosas ahí, cosas de las que nadie debía darse cuenta. No fue difícil poner a los demás camilleros de su lado, después de todo él estaba a cargo, él tenía la llave maestra, él era el jefe. Y así lo había hecho, desde que había entrado a trabajar en Lenox House y no pensaba que estuviera mal, después de todo nadie se había dado cuenta y las muchachas nunca decían nada, igualmente todas estaban locas así que nadie sospechaba si decían algo. Escuchó con atención el sonido de los pasos que se acercaban a donde él se encontraba y se preparó para al fin poder verla. Sintió la mirada preocupada de Danforth a su lado pero la ignoró, no era la primera vez que hacían eso. Dos camilleros aparecieron en el pasillo llevando a Babydoll en el medio. Blue entendió a qué se refería CJ cuando dijo que ella necesitaba ayuda para caminar. Estaba casi dormida, apenas si podía mantenerse en pie, pero estaba consiente, lo sabía porque tenía los ojos abiertos y porque podía ver como intentaba comprender en donde estaba y que estaba pasando. Cuando el efecto de la droga pasara, ella estaría consiente, podría hablar, pero no tendría la fuerza para caminar sola. Cuando llegaron frente a ellos, Danforth les dio la espalda mientras que buscaba la llave para poder abrir la reja. Blue se sintió como la primera vez que la vio, llevada por dos camilleros a lado y lado mientras que su padrastro detrás de ella llenaba los papeles para su entrada al manicomio. Se agachó un poco para poder quedar a su altura y mirar su precioso rostro de muñeca. Los ojos entrecerrados de ella se centraron en los de él y Blue sonrió. - Hola…- dijo, intentando ver si su conciencia había regresado - ¿Te acuerdas de mí? Danforth abrió la reja que se encontraba detrás de él y Blue se enderezó, entrando al pasillo abandonado y guiando a los otros camilleros que traían a la muchacha con ellos. Le era difícil caminar sin encorvarse y apenas podía mantener la boca cerrada por los continuos siseos de dolor que salían de sus labios. Mantenía su brazo derecho casi siempre cerca de la herida, como intentando protegerla de algún otro daño, aunque la verdad nunca la tocaba. - Escucha, tengo un mal presentimiento. – la voz de Danforth a su lado no lo detuvo en su camino. - ¡Así no deberíamos administrar este lugar! Blue llegó a la puerta del baño y la abrió revelando un lugar deteriorado por el abandono, pero con una pequeña lámpara colgando del techo y con una silla en todo el medio. - No administramos este lugar, yo lo administro. En la silla. – dijo señalando a la silla, apenas reparando en lo que el camillero acababa de decir. Los hombres que sostenían a Babydoll la llevaron dentro del cuarto pero se detuvieron antes de sentarla. - Escucha… - Blue levantó un poco la mirada para escuchar lo que iba a decir Danforth, extrañado de que se hubieran detenido. – Yo… no lastimaré más a estas chicas… - No voy a hacerlo… - esta vez fue CJ quien habló, negando con la cabeza mientras que lo miraba. ¡No…! - ¡Chicos…! ¡No me hagan esto ahora, por favor! ¡La necesito en la silla! – al ver que nadie reaccionaba, Blue perdió la paciencia y señaló con su brazo sano hacia el centro del baño. - ¡Pónganla en la maldita silla! – el grito hizo que casi se quedara sin aliento, pero los camilleros obedecieron a regañadientes. Después de que la sentaron, uno por uno pasaron al lado de Blue dejándolo a solas. - Gracias. – suspiró él casi con alivio. – Cierra la puerta, por favor. – dijo mirando de reojo al último camillero que estaba saliendo del lugar. Cuando estuvieron solos, Blue puso sus ojos en Babydoll y notó algo extraño en ella. Parecía que estaba más despierta, al menos podía levantar su cabeza y mirarlo, pero le era difícil no entrecerrar los ojos. - ¿Qué? – Blue se acercó a ella. - ¿No estás aquí? ¿Las drogas son muy fuertes, es eso? No, no, no, no… - se agachó para poder quedar a su altura y tomó la barbilla de ella entre sus dedos para que lo mirara. – Estás aquí, conmigo. En este infierno. Y no te vas, a menos que yo lo diga, ¿ok? – Le dirigió una mirada casi tierna, intentando parecer amable, aunque para Emily, que apenas podía verlo sin que puntos negros aparecieran a su alrededor, le pareció más bien desquiciada. Sintió como los dedos de Blue le corrían un mechón de pelo detrás de su oreja y tuvo muchas ganas de ponerse a gritar. Sus labios apenas se entreabrieron. Sintió los labios de Blue presionarse frente a los suyos en un beso hambriento, pero a la vez delicado, de un momento a otro todas las ganas de querer lastimarla habían desaparecido. Emily se quiso separar de él en el momento en que sintió como su aliento se combinaba con el de Blue. Pero apenas pudo moverse y por supuesto, no le devolvió el beso. Blue se separó de ella segundos después, cerrando los ojos como sopesando lo que había pasado. - No está bien. – suspiró mientras que se alejaba de ella y Emily creyó divisar una lágrima que se resbalaba por su mejilla. – No está bien. – Repitió Blue. Los labios de ella se habían sentido fríos, casi muertos, como si estuviera besando a un cadáver. Blue no quería eso, la quería como antes, querían sentir sus labios como la primera vez que la besó, cálidos, rojos y llenos de sangre, no como en ese momento que se encontraban pálidos y fríos. Sabía que las drogas no tardarían en desaparecer de su sistema, pero no quería esperar, quería que Babydoll estuviera en sus cinco sentidos para que se diera cuenta de lo que pasaría. De un momento a otro la respiración de Emily se cortó y ella abrió los ojos como platos al darse cuenta que Blue había enredado sus dedos alrededor de su garganta. - Vuelve conmigo. – dijo mientras que presionaba con más fuerza su agarre. La mano de Emily se dirigió a la de él intentando separarlo pero con sus fuerzas disminuidas a causa de las drogas, apenas si lo tocó. Abrió su boca con terror intentando llenar sus pulmones de aire pero esto tampoco funcionó. - Vamos… - susurró Blue al ver su reacción y aflojó su agarre dejándola respirar, pero no soltándola por completo. – Reacciona. La besó de nuevo, esta vez con más violencia, haciendo que los labios de ambos dolieran. Emily aún seguía con su mano alrededor de la de él, pero no podía ejercer ninguna presión sobre esta para que la soltara, lo poco que podía hacer era rozar la piel de él con sus dedos. Al ver que ella no lo besaba de vuelta, volvió a forzar su agarre cortándole el poco suministro de aire que por un momento le había llegado. Emily cerró sus ojos, derrotada, dejó caer la mano que estaba sobre la de él y se resignó a esperar a que todo terminara. Blue soltó un poco en la agarre en el cuello de ella al ver su reacción, dejó de besarla y la miró por un momento. Emily volvió a abrir sus ojos, los oídos le pitaban y no podía enfocar nada a su alrededor, sólo el rostro de Blue, a centímetros del de ella. El pecho de ella se levantaba con fuerza intentando recuperar el aire perdido y tosiendo de vez en cuando para poder respirar. Pensó que esta vez, Blue separaría su mano de su cuello pero lo que pasó fue muy distinto, volvió a agarrarla con fuerza por la garganta, poniéndola alerta pero no presionando, aún podía respirar, con dificultad pero podía respirar. No sabía si Blue quería matarla o torturarla o si solamente estaba jugando con ella, pero lo que iba a hacer, Emily sólo esperaba que lo hiciera rápido. Aún medio inconsciente pudo leer en sus facciones que ni siquiera él sabía lo que estaba haciendo. Emily lo miró desde arriba, el apretón de él hacía que su cabeza quedara por encima de la de Blue. Si iba a hacerle algo que lo hiciera de una vez. Y de pronto, a través del sonido desesperante que hacían sus oídos, a través de los puntos negros que se hacían cada vez más y más grandes a su alrededor, Emily pudo ver como una luz blanca aparecía detrás de Blue, iluminando todo el lugar y haciendo que el apretón en su cuello desapareciera. - ¡Alto ahí! ¡Aléjese de la chica! – gritó una voz masculina. - ¡¿Qué estás haciendo?! – Blue pudo reconocer inmediatamente la voz aterrorizada de la Dra. Gorsky. Él ni siquiera pudo darse la vuelta para mirar quien había entrado, sólo pudo gritar y soltar el agarre que tenía sobre Babydoll para intentar llevarse la mano a su herida que repentinamente le había empezado a doler como nunca. El policía que lo sostuvo lo levantó por los hombros haciéndolo gritar de dolor. Detuvo los dos brazos de él de forma que Blue no pudiera soltarse. - ¡No! – gritó sacando todo el aire de sus pulmones. - ¡Esperen, esperen! - ¿Qué han estado haciendo en este lugar? – El policía lo llevó a la puerta para sacarlo de la habitación, mientras que miraba con espanto el lugar en donde se encontraban. - No estaba haciendo nada. – dijo Blue con la cabeza agachada intentando no desmayarse por el dolor. No sabía si el policía sabía que estaba lastimado, pero estaba jalando su brazo detrás de su espalda de tal forma que el dolor de la herida en su hombro lo mareaba. – ¡Mírenla! – el policía lanzó una mirada fugaz a Emily, quien respiraba agitada mientras que intentaba recuperar el aliento a través de una tos desesperada. – Está bien, ¿qué creen que pude hacer? – El hombre que lo sostenía se preparó para sacarlo de la habitación. - ¡No, esperen! – volvió a gritar Blue mientras que miraba a la Dra. Gorsky. - ¡Yo cuido a estas chicas! ¡Yo las protejo! ¡Son mis chicas! Diles. Diles que tú sabías lo que hacía, sabías lo que hacía y nunca dijiste nada. – Al ver que la Dra. Gorsky no podía hacer otra cosa que mirarlo con terror volvió a gritar. - ¡Diles! - Llévenselo de aquí. – respondió al fin la Dra. encontrando su voz. - ¡No! ¡Esperen! ¡No es a mí a quien quieren es a su padrastro! ¡Les diré todo! ¡Les diré sobre el dinero…! – Blue intentó con desespero zafarse del agarre de quien lo sostenía pero sólo consiguió lastimarse más. Pudo ver que los demás camilleros también estaban siendo arrestados, también vio como un policía se acercaba a la Dra. Gorsky y la agarraba por un brazo para sacarla del lugar junto a los demás y por último pudo ver a Babydoll, sentada en el centro de la habitación, intentando recuperar su aliento y mirando cómo se lo llevaban. - ¿Está bien, señorita? – escuchó a un policía decir mientras que se acercaba a ella con una linterna intentando observarla mejor. Al ver que no respondía volvió a preguntar. - ¿Señorita…? Emily levantó su cabeza y miró a Blue por última vez antes de cerrar los ojos tranquila. - Sí. – dijo mientras que una pequeña sonrisa se dibuja en su rostro. – Estoy bien. … Bueno, eso fue todo. La verdad al principio quise terminar el fic como había terminado la película, pero me pareció algo injusto que Sweet Pea se escapara ya que ella no tuvo mucha participación en mi historia y, ¿por qué Babydoll no podía tener un final feliz? Es un fanfiction después de todo. Gracias a todas las personas que leyeron (si es que alguien lo leyó, porque parece que no fue así XD) pero bueno, la verdad disfruté mucho escribiendo esta historia, no es la primera que escribo, había escrito otra antes pero la eliminé porque no me gustó, pero esta enserio me gustó y espero que a ustedes también les haya gustado. ","Summary":" Hace mucho tiempo que no escribía y últimamente he tenido mucho tiempo libre y me dio ganas de hace"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Savior","Author":"Reira Redemption","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9258214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Baby Doll… what kind of name was that? Her name was and will always be Victoria, though everyone tended to call her Vic when she wasn't locked up in an asylum, but she took it in stride, letting herself be called something so stupid. She had found out the first day that Rocket's name was actually Riley and Sweet Pea was actually Sophie. The nicknames covered up their real names, to prevent them from being easily discovered. Blondie wasn't fond of her name either, she was vocal about it too, she liked her real name; Jessica. Only Amber was able to use her real name, Blue had said it matched her too perfectly with her skin tone and the color of her hair, but he always had her introduced as Amby. Another thing Baby Doll quickly picked up on was that although Blue was a bastard, always slapping around Gorski and whipping the girls into line, he never touched any of them. He always left them for his clients, but the look he gave Baby, made her terrified. At only the age of sixteen, she a beautiful young woman, slender and short, bleach blonde hair with crystal blue eyes. In one word; stunning. She was also a virgin, and if she was being perfectly honest, she wasn't ready to give it up just yet. It had already been stated that in five days the high roller would be coming for Baby, she was strong on the outside, being able to conjure a plan of escape and bring along her four friends, but on the inside she had turmoil brewing. She shakily stood on stage, already having the map, next was the lighter from the mayor. All Amber had to do was get it and they'd be half way home. Moving in a slow swaying motion, Baby began to twist and twirl, her body moving with the music, perfectly dipping and turning as the music rolled on. Her mind took her away, to the battlefield to get the dragon stones out of the baby lizards throat. It was over far too soon, she knew by what her mind created that they had the lighter, but as she ran into the dressing room and saw the lighter, it confirmed her thoughts. She had quickly taped the lighter under the last drawer on the vanity. \"Cheers.\" Sweet Pea had said, followed by Blue's own \"Cheers? What are we celebrating?\" He paused, stepping forward, \"Huh? Who should I be congratulating?\" The look on Baby's face was enough, though she tried to hide her shock at seeing him, she managed to make her brain work, trying to conjure up what to say. \"It was just Babydoll's first time on stage, you know how scary that can be.\" Sweet Pea seemed so calm and cool as the lie rolled off her lips, Blue's own mouth curling into a slight smile, \"Yeah, the bond of the theater.\" He held up his glass of scotch. \"Hm? I mean, what else could it be?\" He shrugged his shoulder, left hand in pocket as he moved forward, eyeing each of the girls in the room. \"I mean, it's not like any of you have anything to hide, is it?\" \"No, it's not like anyone was in my office, messing with my shit.\" He leaned over Sweet Pea as she sat on the edge of the vanity, from Baby's perspective she was guarding the drawer with the map and lighter. \"No, it's not like people are missing things,\" He took a step away from Sweet Pea, \"You know, small little objects here and there.\" His face twisted into a scowl as he approached Amber, grabbing her hip as she looked away from him, his breathe running over her tan skin. \"No, no that would be outrageous. That would be crazy.\" His voice raised as he pulled away from an anxious Amber, her eyes down as he continued. \"Right? Because we have such an obvious explanation for this exuberance, it's the fraternity of performers.\" He stood in front of Blondie, glaring at her as he knocked something over on the top of the vanity, \"It's the adrenaline from the curtain rising.\" He paused briefly, setting a hand on the back of Blondies head. \"You know maybe this is my fault, maybe I've just become too familiar with you girls.\" As he yanked on Blondies hair, pulling her up slightly as she grabbed for his hand, \"Maybe I need to make an example of someone. Re-establish the parameters of our relationship. What do you think?\" He asked all the girls, having Blondie's dark hair in his grasp. \"Blondie, girls?\" He then tosses her against the vanity, the sounds a soft thud as things tinker against the vanity top. \"And what about you?\" He points at Baby, Amber stepping a bit way. \"Huh?\" \"You think you're special don't you?\" His voice is barely above a whisper and she's certain no one can hear him but her. Her gaze is challenging, and it makes Blue throw his options back and forth, his head tilting as his arm traps her against a counter. \"I'd like to speak to you, Babydoll. In private.\" His mouth was beside her ear, his tone nearly a growl as he put space between them, offering her a hand. Baby glanced around the room, first at Blondie and then to Sweet Pea, whom simply gave a slight, curt nod. She shakily placed her fingers into his palm, his hand swallowing hers as he led her out of the dressing rooms. Unsure of what to do, Baby kept her gaze down, taking in slow, even breathes as they turned the corner and entered Blue's office. He pushed her forward, his hand releasing hers as his fingers move to rest behind the small of her back, his shove a bit more demanding as she paused. Slamming the door behind him, she whirled around, her eyes a bit wide as he closed the space between them yet again.[Chapter 2] \"Baby doll…. Or should I say Victoria? That's your real name isn't it?\" She nodded, surprise moving over her features at the use of her real name. \"Victoria… I think…. We got off on the wrong foot. I'm Alex Blue Jones. You, my dear…\" He stepped towards her, she stepping away as the chair bumped into the back of her knees, making her fall into it. \"Are Victoria Jane Swan, mother died of an ailment, sister accidentally killed. How did that happen?\" In all honesty, Blue wasn't trying to make her cry, he was trying to make her talk. For whatever reason he loved the rare moments when she spoke, her loved watching her dance, and Oh Lord have mercy, he just loved the sight of her. Tears coated those blue orbs, making them look like wet crystal, the blue looking more like sapphire. He watched as her head tilted down, a quiet sob parting her lips as he quickly grabbed her wrists. She shoved against hold on her, his hands curl a bit firmer around her petite bones; her fighting spirit only pushing forward as she shoved again, this time he pinned her arms to his chest, holding both of her small hands in his, cupping her cheek. \"Hey, hey… Stop it Victoria.\" The sound of her name makes her freeze, hot tears rolling down her baby fat cheeks. His thumb whips a tear away as she tilted her head from his hand. He releases her at once as she stands straight. \"What happen?\" \"…\" \"Victoria, speak to me. \" She managed a small hiccup before she stumbled out her words, \"My st-step father was going to … to ra-rape me, but when I scratched his face, he… he turned towards m-my s-sisters door and locked me in my room…\" Another hiccup passed her lips, her chest heaving a bit as she breathed deeply, her voice raising a tone. \"I-I climbed out my window in the rain… got in th-the house and got the g-gun… I found him kicking the door into the hall closet and when I shot… I missed and… I-I killed my sister!\" she hunched over, her body racked with sobs as she cupped her own face. Blue watched as she spiraled downward into her own grief, his cold, dead heart clenched in a way he hadn't felt in a very long time. Carefully scooping her out of the chair, he sat, placing her in his lap, hugging her tightly to his chest. \"Shh, shh, Victoria.. I'm sorry. Don't cry anymore, you can't bring her back…\" \"It's my fault!\" She screamed as her body writhed against his as she turned, trying to run from his grasp. Instead his hands tightly curled around her wrists and wrapped around her frame, making her hug herself, his arms folded over hers. She slammed her back into his chest twice, her legs kicking into his before she simply went limp, falling back against him, her head lulling to the side as she sobbed loudly, the tone only beginning to fade after nearly an hour. As Blue held her through this, he realized she never had the chance to grieve, to let all her pain consume her so she could finally move forward, but now that she was here, what was there to move forward to? After nearly two hours in the same position, Blue realized Vic had fallen asleep. He carefully adjusted her in his arms, lifting her exhausted body from the chair. He popped the door open with the flick of his hand, kneading the door open with his foot, he sauntered across the hall, repeating the motions so his bedroom door would fly open. He kicked the door closed lightly, laying her down on his bed. Her face was tear stained and her hair sticking to her neck on one side. She looked terribly miserable but beautiful all the same on his bed. Sitting beside his own bed, with a lightly lit lamp which gave the room a soft glow, he thought and considered and re-considered. Hours later, Baby doll woke up in a soft, fluffy bed with a thick comforter, her head resting on a pillow. She turned her sore eyes toward the light, the sight of Blue beside her, startled her into a sitting position, his hand was instantly on hers. \"I'll make you a deal Victoria… I thought about this for a very…very long time.\" He cleared his throat, eyes on their hand, his gaze meeting her face. \"You agree to stay with me until I give you a legit reason to leave, in return I'll release all the girls from this place, including Gorski, I'll pay for them to return home and you and I will leave the country, you can have your own money but you can't leave… until there is a real reason for you to. What do you say?\" Baby doll was frozen in sheer panic, was she dreaming? Was he serious? \"All… the girls can go home?\" He nodded, hope melting into his eyes. \"And all I have to do is stay with you?\" He nodded quickly, his hand squeezing hers a bit more tightly. \"What am I required to do … for you?\" \"Nothing… just be my company, if I give everything up, For You… the least you can do in return is stay with me.\" She considered this quietly, easing herself back into the bed as she inhaled deeply to calm her hammering heart. Blue decided to leave her alone, hesitantly stroking her hair, pulling the sweat, tear filled strands from her neck. \"Think it over and give me an answer tonight. I'll have one of the girls bring you dinner in here. Please don't leave.\" The last three words were filled with anxiousness and he gave her a sideways glance before he left the room.[Chapter 3] Baby doll was laying in Blues' lavish bed with pillows supporting her neck and shoulders. She kept turning his words through her mind, considering and re-considering. It mainly boiled down to this – He'd release the girls, whom were basically her sisters and pay for them to go home. He'd stop selling drugs, stop using women to make him money, it would all end and the only thing he asked was for her to stay with him. Vic was tired, rubbing her eyes furiously as she tried to stay awake, to think; but her mind was tired and she was ready for slumber to claim her again. The last thing Baby considered was that her mom and sister were gone, the only thing waiting for her outside of the whore house was a big house with a rapist for a step-father. Maybe going with Blue wouldn't be such a bad thing. XxXxX It was around six at night when Baby woke up again, she had been shaken by Rocket whom laid a tray of food onto the night stand. She cupped Baby's face, whispering her name quickly. \"Baby doll, hey, are you alright?\" \"I'm fine… Listen, hey, stop shaking me.\" Rocket finally stopped, sitting on the edge of the bed beside Victoria. \"Can I ask you something?\" Rocket nodded quickly, glancing at the closed door before turning her attention back to Baby. \"If Blue would let all the girls go home, and all you had to do was stay with him, would you do it?\" Roc bit her lower lip, her mind racing over the possibilities. \"Yeah, I would… Just so my sisters could go home… Did.. Blue offer that to you?\" \"No. I dreamt it up.\" Rocket was about to say something when CJ strolled into the room, gesturing for Roc to follow him. \"I'll see you later.\" Baby quickly said, hugging Rocket before she left. XxXxX After eating the better than usual meal, Baby heaved a sigh, rubbing her palms against her face. It's truth time… Standing up, Baby left Blue's room and went across the hall to his office, knocking lightly. She heard a soft \"Come in.\", turning the nob hesitantly. \"Oh, Victoria. I… was going to come see you soon.\" She nodded, her fingers folding together as she takes a deep breathe. \"Okay… I'll… stay with you, if you keep your part of the agreement.\" Blue suppressed a smile, the corner of his lips twitching into a slight, barely visible smirk. \"That's… perfect, then. I'll make some arrangements tonight for the girls to go home; and the guards will be dealt with last.\" Still considering what else had to be handled for Blue and Baby to leave the state safely, he noticed her tense shoulders and closed off stance. He rolled his eyes a bit at his own thoughts and leaned back in his chair. \"Why don't you spend the night with the rest of the girls… let them know to be ready to leave the house tomorrow. Don't tell them where they're going yet.\" \"Do you know where they all live?\" \"No, most of them were runaways; I'm sure once I hand them some money to get home they'll find a way.\" Baby smiled slightly, her features brightening as she gave him a curt nod. \"I'll see you then.\" \"Goodnight, Vic.\" Baby Doll left the office, keeping her gaze down as she wound through the halls to get the girls together. In total, besides herself and her four friends there were thirteen girls, all of whom would get to go home. Of course, Victoria knew that she wouldn't go home, she'd be adventuring into the world with Blue, out of the US. That terrified her, but she didn't want to dwell on it, so she looked at the positive; her sisters were going home.[Chapter 4] Baby had stormed into the bedroom where all the girls had gathered together, dressing for bed. Rocket and Blondie were the first to approach Baby whom grabbed their hands, whispering that tonight they should be ready to leave the house. \"What do you mean leave? Where are we going?\" Baby decided against telling them they were going home since Rocket would jump to the fact that Baby wouldn't be joining them. \"I'm not sure, but Blue said all the girls are going to leave the house tomorrow.\" Sweet Pea chose then to stroll over, jumping back and forth on what could be happening to them. \"What's going on?\" Amber asked, her brows pressed firmly together. Blondie turned to her, grasping her hand as she explained the situation while Baby quickly spread the news amongst the other girls; she told Darling who then told Sasha who then told Ducky and so on and so forth until all the girls were crowding around Babydoll. \"All I know is that we are expected to leave the house tomorrow… So just keep whatever things you want on you tonight because I have no idea what time we're meant to leave.\" XxXxX It started as a normal day, cleaning, dance classes, and lunch. By four pm Blue called everyone into the studio. \"Alright, Ladies and Gents, I've come to a… conclusion. I'm getting older, you ladies, I'm sure are ready to move on with your lives… Boys; it's time for you to change careers. My decision is final.\" The guards seemed to want to object, but knowing Blue's connections decided against it. The girls on the other hands were beaming, shuffling out of the studio after Blue to his office. Each one went in and came out, being told the same message; \"Here is two grand and a .22 Cal with two clips, go home and be safe.\" All the items were placed in a small backpack and handed to the girl in front of him. All girls came and went until the only one left was Baby doll. She came in last, smiling sadly at him as he guided everyone into a medium sized truck, dropping all the girls off at a bus station. Blondie dragged Baby doll off the truck, the five friends hugging tightly as they discussed going separate ways. It was Rocket that noticed Baby's silence, she was standing slightly off to the side, glancing back and forth between the waiting Blue and her friends. \"Remember; Rocket, when I asked you that question? While I was in Blue's room?\" Rocket nodded, her face forming into a frown. \"Oh, Baby… Please no.\" \"I had to. It's better this way. I love you all. Go home; don't do anything reckless.\" She quickly embraced each girl, holding back tears as she rushed into the passenger seat of Blue's truck. Sweet Pea held back Rocket by her right arm, Blondie grabbing her left. It took everything in Baby not to look back, not to go with them, but she had made a deal, one that kept her locked up, but set her sisters free. XxXxX Two days later, Victoria was dressed in jeans for the first time in a long time. Her t-shirt was a plain blue with a red wash denim jacket. Her hair was pulled into two pony-tails as usual and a pair of sneakers. Blue had given her some fake Id's to get them out of the country along with a bag of clothes. For the most part, neither spoke to each other. Baby was very aware of his phone calls to sell the house under a false name, each guard came and gathered their last pay check, which from what she heard was at least four grand each for a week. Some of it has to be hush money , Baby couldn't help but think. Blue would look fondly at Baby whenever her felt dread pump through him; it was worth it, all of it was. She's worth it , he'd conclude inwardly. He hadn't meant to ignore her the last two days, he'd just been busy tying up lose ends, paying off his workers, and having a meeting with the Mayor. Finally, on the third day since he'd let the girls go, it was time to leave. He had decided to spend the next few years in Ireland. It was a quiet place, but with enough activity that Victoria would be content in the little place. \"Are you ready?\" \"Yes.\" He offered her his hand which she took. Blue could sense her fear of him, he knew it wouldn't disappear overnight and was determined to change it. He wanted to see her smile, that was a main thought in the front of his mind. They walked outside together, Blue clicking the button as a black Camry's lights lite up and trunk opening. She put her bag in the popped trunk and climbed into the passenger seat. X Once they were on the highway, Blue began to speak. \"According to your ID, you're twenty-two and your name is Victoria Jones. If anyone asks, we're married.\" And as he finished off his sentence, he pulled a plain silver band from his inner jacket pocket, offering it to Baby. She took it, slowly sliding it onto her left ring finger. \"Okay.\" \"We've been married for a year and this is our anniversary vacation.\" And even though Babydoll was a nervous wreck, she decided to make this a leap of faith. She was going to trust him this time and hope that when they got to where ever their destination was, that he kept his word.[Chapter 5] Victoria and Blue were holding hands in the airport and needless to say, that made Vic very … concerned. For whatever reason her heart was pounding a mile every ten seconds when he was in such close proximity; Vic did her best to ignore the fluttery feeling in her belly, offering her passport to the woman behind the desk with a small smile on her lips. \"Thank you, Miss Jones.\" Victoria nodded, taking the boarding pass and her passport. Stepping aside she took a seat with her small carry-on bag, watching Blue get his pass from the corner of her eye. She wasn't looking around at all, not even the slightest bit concerned about their ending destination. Blue sat beside Victoria, offering her his left hand which now had a \"wedding\" ring on his left ring finger. She took it slowly, looking away from his view. The fluttery feeling in her belly started again, she ignored it as she turned her attention to the TV, barely listening to the news. XxXxX Victoria was dreaming about when her sister was born; she was such a small baby with a big mess of chocolate brown hair. Her skin was a bright pink and she was wailing. Vic couldn't remember much of that day except the happiness her mother obviously shared with her father. The dream changed suddenly; it was after Emily had been born, about a year later when her father died. He had passed in a tragic car crash and even though Victoria hadn't been there to witness it, her mind always had a scenario playing of the event. It was dark and raining hard, an animal of some kind ran in front of the vehicle and it startled him, making him jerk the wheel and crash the car into a tree trunk. To date, Victoria didn't know all the details of her fathers passing, but that was the only memory she had of it other than the police stopping by the front door and announcing that her father was dead. Her dream changed again to her mothers sobbing, then skipped to her wedding several years later to the step father that tried to rape she and Emily. Vic gasped as she woke up, her body flying up into a sit-up position. Blue grabbed for her shaking hand as she slowly came down off her sleep high. Glancing around, she realized they were on the plane going to some unknown place. She inhaled deeply as her glazed vision turned towards Blue, the lighting was dark; she assumed it must be late with the way Blue spoke in a hushed tone. \"What's wrong? What did you dream about?\" She shook her head, slowly leaning back in her seat as she took deep heavy breathes to calm her senses. Her fingers in his were curled tight, her body still shaking as she took elongated breathes. After a few minutes of deep breathes and Blue's palm rubbing over the back of her hand; she turned to look at him. \"Just my past… from my sisters birth up until just before I came to the house…\" Blue nodded, his head tilting slightly as he starred into those crystal eyes of hers. He was reading her as if she was a book and she squirmed under his gaze. \"Good morning everyone, it is 5:50 Am and we are landing in Adara, Ireland. Please put your seats into an upright position and prepare for landing.\" Victoria slowly released Blue's hand as she re-set her seat, she folded her blanket and added her pillow on top of it. She could feel his gaze on her the entire time but she ignored him. She was curious as to why he chose Ireland but decided again asking and sat back with her eyes closed as she lost herself in thought to the many things changing around her. XxXxX When Blue pulled up to the cottage sitting at the top of a small hill, Victoria was instantly in love. The little house was something out of a story book; it was made of brick with vines growing along the side. There were rose bushes in the front, under the window. The front door was a dark hunter green and Victoria was being pulled towards it. \"This is the place we're staying?\" Blue nodded, watching a small smile pull across her lips as she made her way up the steps to the home. Her fingers moved over the wood of the door as she looked back to him, waiting for him to unlock it. \"It should be open, the maids already came by to clean it up.\" Victoria entered; her eyes jumping to the fire place made of the same brick on the outer layer of the house. The couch, loveseat and recliner surrounding the fire place with a coffee table in the middle were made of black leather, there was a twenty inch TV above the fire place. Behind the couch was a long oak table with a lace table décor resting over it; a small vase with fake flowers on the center of the lace. Victoria slowly moved through the house, she adored the small details of the place, all the doors behind the same hunter green. It was a three bed and two bath home; one room was obviously hers as it was decked out in purple and white, the other bedroom was decorated in black and red. The last was mostly empty so she assumed it was meant for a storage room. Victoria was sitting on her bed, looking at the old style furniture; the vanity had a short stand with a long mirror, the bed frame was gold and floral; something probably from the 1980's. As she looked around, she was startled from her musings by Blue clearing his throat loudly as he stood in the door frame. \"Do you like it? Have you seen the kitchen yet?\" Victoria nodded with a smile plastered on her face, quickly shaking her head at the sounds of his second question. \"I'll look in a bit.\" Blue seemed satisfied with her answer, his arms crossed in a relaxed fashion as he left to God knows where. Maybe being stuck with Blue wouldn't be so bad after all. ","Summary":" Baby Doll… what kind of name was that? Her name was and will always be Victoria, though everyone te"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"Cora and Librarian","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Librarian frowned. The applicants were much quieter today. Normally, such obedience would please him. Today, it did not. It was because he knew this was a silence laced with pain, fear, mourning, and rebellion. He could feel it in the air that the girls still missed their fallen compatriot, June Freeman. He understood it, but it was the rebellion that worried him. They'd be dead if God caught wind of it. But there was nothing he could do except let time heal the scars the girls got from watching their friend get thrown to Hell. So he took a deep breath and returned to his lecture on proper punctilios while the girls watched him with hollow and teary eyes, jotting down notes they wouldn't even remember later. Time passed and finally, the applicants began to heal. Just as Librarian predicted, time healed their mental scars. They were returning to their old selves. They laughed more often and seemed more engaged in their training. Well, most did. One girl was still completely miserable and her name was Cora Stein. The anger had long since faded, but now a constant sense of remorse, guilt, desperation, and longing hung around the young brunette. Librarian hated seeing her like this, partly because it could attract unwanted attention from God and partly because Cora had always been one of his favorite applicants. She had so much potential that it hurt him to see her looking so miserable all the time. All of the others had started to cheer up, so why did she still look the same way she had on the night June was exiled. At last, Librarian could stand it no longer. \"Cora Stein. My office,\" he instructed one day after a lecture. The girl in question looked startled, but only for a moment. Then the familiar, hollow look returned to her face and she followed him obediently. He'd fix her somehow. More time passed and he succeeded. Cora still didn't smile nearly as much as she used to, but there was fire in her eyes again. He'd made her second in charge of the library and allowed her access to every book the library had to offer, except the banned books of course, but she wouldn't even look at them anymore. But thanks to his boosting her position in everything else the library had to offer, there was pride and purpose within her being again. She actually looked happy to be alive and she moved with purpose once more. In addition, Librarian himself had grown fonder of the girl every day and the feeling was mutual. She was happier and she really did consider Librarian as a close friend. She'd never compare him to June, but she was still glad she had his friendship. Every day, Cora would help him sort papers or shelve books or withdraw old manuscripts. Whatever the man needed help with, Cora was always there to lend a hand. She guided new angels around the stacks and displayed her vast knowledge of the library and all its intricacies to the elders. She did it all with a real passion in her eyes as well, proving that she genuinely had begun to heal from her ordeal. It was good progress. Then, every night, after the library was closed and everything had been cleaned and put away, Cora would join Librarian in his office. They would work or read together for a couple hours. Usually they worked in silence, but they were the kind of friends who didn't need words to communicate affection and peace. They were the kind of friends who could sit together in silence for hours and not feel pressed for conversation. Librarian treasured those hours more and more every day and what was once a mere act of friendship had become a genuine pleasure that he looked forward to. He couldn't place it, but Cora reminded him of an old friend he had while still alive. It was a friend whose memory had since faded after all of his years in Heaven, but seeing Cora again did trigger a ghost of that memory and somehow, he knew the bond that he'd shared with his old friend was just like the bond he was sharing with Cora now. It was a paternal bond. On life went and Cora never failed to attend his nightly reading sessions and he never failed to cheer her up. Should anything bother her, she might choose to bring it up and if she did, he'd put all resources to the task of fixing her. But only if she brought it up. He never pushed her to talk and for that, she was grateful. Every now and then, she almost even considered him her father. Or, her surrogate father. Her real father had disowned her when he learned of her… interest in other girls. Cora knew Librarian would probably be the same, but with June out of Heaven, Cora didn't have to worry about it anymore. She could feel it within her that she would never be able to fall in love with anyone else, regardless of their sex. Instead, she pushed all thoughts of romance and of June from her mind and returned to reading with Librarian. Finally, Cora and her class became full angels of Heaven. They all became sevens except Cora who won the high honor of being a four, but not just any four. She was second in command! Librarian had, naturally, attended the ceremony and behind his stern expression was a genuine warmth and pride. That night, Cora visited him for their last night session because now, as a real angel, Cora would no longer be available to visit him nightly. The idea saddened both of them, but they understood that this had to be done, so they accepted their new lives silently, choosing to spend their last night together just as always. Neither believed in a large, dramatic goodbye. Their last hours were spent pressed side by side as they read some of the new books in Heaven. At last, however, the clock chimed and called Cora to bed. This time, she was headed to the fourth floor. \"Goodbye,\" said Cora, as she stood to go and set her book down. \"Good luck,\" replied Librarian, looking up from his own script. Neither of them made a move to hug or to cry, but neither of them felt the need to. As sad as this farewell was, neither of them felt compelled to show excessive mourning. Instead, they said goodbye and goodnight and that was it. But then, just as Cora left the library for the last time, Librarian remembered who Cora reminded him of. Years ago, back when he was alive, Librarian had been a slave. He had a wife, but she died in childbirth. That child survived, became his only daughter, but only barely. She had been born weak. It was a miracle she managed to survive. But part of the baby's miraculous survival came from Librarian's own actions. The moment he realized that his daughter had been born too small, he had a feeling that his master would probably try to \"mercy\" kill her. Not wanting to lose the baby in such a cruel way, Librarian managed to sneak away from the plantation he had spent so long slaving in. It still took him a lot of time and effort to reach true freedom but with his daughter's life on the line, he did it. He ran all the way to New York. Following that, he became an intellect who helped educate other runaway slaves and he raised his daughter to carry on this legacy. He died peacefully of old age, having helped numerous people become literate, and his daughter followed soon after. He ended up arriving at Heaven and even managed to reunite with his daughter. They trained together, but eventually she surpassed him in rank and their interaction decreased severely. Now, he rarely saw her anymore despite them still living very close together. Without even meaning to, Librarian had since taken to seeing Cora as his daughter now.\"You're gonna do well here,\" he told her all those months ago. And now, thinking back on all she'd done, he couldn't help but agree with himself. \"Yes she will,\" he said and then he too left the library and went to bed. AN: I'm writing a three stories about Librarian and Cora and each views their relationship differently. This obviously puts Librarian in a parental role which is displayed by the last line of this story and, given my headcanon about Cora's earthly father, you can see why Librarian might've appealed to her. The story about him being a runaway slave was just something I made up so I hope it doesn't seem too typical or boring or even racist. Tell me if it does come across that way, I just couldn't think of a better plot that would explain why he's so smart, driven, disciplined, and into reading.[Chapter 2] Cora eyed Librarian shyly. She'd always held a level of admiration for him, but of late, she was seeing him in a new light. After her best friend was sent to Hell, Cora hadn't been doing well in any sense of the word, but he'd helped her back. He saved her. True, he was never overly chatty, warm, playful, or sweet the way June Freeman had been, but he was still very sturdy and supportive and that was enough. She briefly wondered if she was in love with him, but she briskly brushed the fanciful and dangerous idea from her mind. The last time an applicant had fallen in love with a higher-ranking angel, she got expelled. There was no way Cora was going to follow June's path. No, Librarian was as off limits as the banned books. So what if he helped her recover from her trauma? He still wasn't open to romance. Right? Shaking her head to stop thinking about Librarian for more than two seconds, Cora returned to shelving books. It was very late but she didn't mind. All hints of romance aside, Cora really did find Librarian and the library to be a peaceful place. She didn't mind spending hours here because she enjoyed everything about the place. While the other applicants preferred to spend time on the fourth floor, listening to God's song-birds, Cora was more than happy to remain working up here with the shepherds of the flock. She was doing this grunt work of her own free will, it wasn't because it was another punishment. Cora was right in the middle of shelving, however, when Librarian swung by. \"Cora Stein?\" he called out to her. Cora shivered, his deep and rumbling voice was so alluring and pleasant that she could feel it vibrate within her. \"Yes, sir?\" she replied dutifully, turning to face him and trying not to blush at the same time. \"You may stop shelving for awhile,\" he said, smiling slightly. \"You did well, please take a break.\" \"Yes sir,\" she repeated gratefully, bowing slightly before sliding off to the powder room to get herself to calm down. As she left, Librarian watched her go. When he first met Cora, she was just another applicant. When she correctly answered several of his questions, she became someone with potential. When he learned she hung out with June, she'd become a troublemaker. When June fell and Cora began to mourn but never question Heaven, she had become someone Librarian could really get behind. From the moment the young lady proved her ability to keep calm even in the face of a trauma, Librarian had watched her even closer than ever before. That was why he noticed that she was suffering in the first place. While everyone else was too concerned with their own lives, Librarian saw Cora deteriorating more and more each day and finally, he intervened. He, through hard work, patience and diligence, brought her back to herself and although she did still grieve from time to time, she was doing far better thanks to him. It was because Librarian really did like Cora, though. He almost called it love. Of course he never revealed those feelings because he knew they wouldn't end well, but he couldn't deny their existence. Instead, he trained himself to be content with watching her from afar and trying to help her make her way in Heaven. He sensed a greatness in her future and he wanted to help her to it and he genuinely enjoyed her company. She was kind, intelligent, obedient, and calm. Just like himself. She was a very sweet, refreshing girl, especially when compared to all her peers, especially June. If he couldn't have her romantically, he could still help her out, so that's what he did. After Cora returned from break and finished her work, she and Librarian sat back to back, reading in a peaceful silence that they both loved. They were the kind of friends that didn't need adventures or even words in order to bond. Tonight, however, they needed words desperately. They were reading, but neither was focused upon what they were reading. Cora was reveling in the feeling of Librarian's sturdy back and Librarian was reveling in the sweet aroma of Cora's perfume. Such a setup in perfect silence would not last forever. A couple hours later, the two turned in for bed. \"Librarian?\" Cora asked before she left the library. He turned to her. \"I…\" she began before looking down. \"Thank you.\" \"For what?\" Librarian asked. \"Everything,\" then she smiled, a real smile. It faded quickly. \"It's been an honor,\" she added. Librarian understood and took her arms in his. \"You're welcome. It's been an honor having you,\" his face was as stern as always, but this time, Cora thought she saw something flicker in his eyes. She held his gaze evenly, studying him deeply. Neither was sure who began it, but soon they felt each other's lips and they let it happen. It felt strange to kiss a man, but Cora decided it wasn't half bad. His lips were rougher than June's, but they were still warm and insistent, yet these lips seemed insistent without also seeming sexual like June had. Somehow, some of the kiss felt reminiscent of June while other parts felt so new and different and Cora explored it all with a deep intensity. Librarian was no June, but in this kiss, she was glad he wasn't. This was something between her and Librarian, so it shouldn't have felt like June. Yet the similarities between the two pairs of lips were undeniable and the differences were almost scary when they weren't exciting and shiny and new. Cora continued to kiss Librarian pensively, reveling in the smell of old books and fresh papers as she pulled him closer. Librarian felt the same. He hadn't kissed a woman in a very long time so it felt weird at first, to be doing something so intimate after so long, yet it wasn't bad. Cora's lips felt small and shy, but also affectionate and longing. Although he was just as new to romance as she was, he was still able to read a lot from her kiss and he was able to do a lot in return, kind of going off of what she was doing in order to kiss back. He was figuring out the way she kissed and basing his \"style\" upon that. The two broke the kiss after a time that seemed too short and too long and there was awkwardness about both of them once it was over. They were just two hearts, too new to the idea of romance. They were just two hearts, trying to beat as one and find common ground and support in each other. They were just two hearts that were so different and yet so bonded. Cora smiled and Librarian smiled back. It was the last kiss the two ever shared, but they both knew that somehow they'd entered a deeper relationship. Their lives still stayed the same with the nightly reading sessions and being silent, but there was something deeper there that had changed and both of them knew it without needing any kind of verbalization. But that was because they were the kind of friends that didn't need adventures or even words to be close. Tonight was one of those nights where they simply enjoyed each other's company and companionship. AN: Obviously, this views the relationship between Cora and Librarian in a romantic light and before you can accuse me of making lesbian Cora fall for a man, there is a possibility that she is bisexual but just swings more towards women and Librarian is an exception. But if you don't like that idea, realize that Lyndon herself said there were moments when Cora was kind of eyeballing Librarian, soooo… (Personally, I do prefer June and Cora over Librarian and Cora, but you can't deny that Librarian and Cora does have some potential and to be fair, June and Cora wasn't exactly the best or most healthy of relationships anyway, regardless of the orientation of the girls involved.)[Chapter 3] Librarian treaded through Heaven's halls, his heavy footsteps causing a steady pulse to echo across the walls. As he moved along, he passed the girls' powder room and instantly felt that something was wrong. He didn't always have premonitions, but when he did, they were usually serious, so he obeyed his instinct and entered the room. Being a two meant he could roam in either bathroom without too much repercussion and he felt that this time, such intrusion would be worth the risk. The moment he set foot inside, he felt that pang of anxiety return tenfold. He moved silently through the room and passed every stall carefully. The last one was the only one out of line. He could hear someone crying behind the door and when he looked down, he could see the white heels of an applicant. He rapped on the stall door and the noises ceased. \"I know you're in there,\" he rumbled, voice low and powerful. He didn't get a reply. Frowning, he knocked again before issuing another remark. \"I'll have the Translators on you,\" he said. Then he heard the clicking of a lock and the stall door opened. There, standing in the doorway with bright red eyes was his favorite applicant, Cora Stein. Her brown hair was messy, her blue eyes were teary, she looked pale, weak, and absolutely miserable. He knew exactly what had brought about such a violent display of grief and although it was a touchy subject, he decided not to say a word, to Cora or anyone else. Instead, he only gestured silently for the girl to step out of the bathroom. A sixth sense told him to break protocol just this once. Cora didn't need more pain right now. For a moment, Cora didn't move, but then when Librarian made a second gesture for her to step out of the stall, she obeyed. Her footsteps sounded so heavy. The man dared to open his arms, an unexplainable wave of compassion washing over him. Cora took one look at those open arms and then launched herself into them, still sniffling. \"Come on,\" Librarian said, voice soft and smooth as he held Cora and patted her back gently. It really was a very unusual thing for him to do but, for some reason, it felt like the right thing to do. So, half-supporting and half-carrying Cora, Librarian led the girl all the way back to the library. Once he sat Cora down in his private office in the corner of the library, he offered her some tea. She took the cup with grateful eyes, though she didn't verbalize her thanks. She didn't need to, though, Librarian could read faces as well as he could read books. Once he saw that she'd been suitably cared for, Librarian sat down in another chair, began reading, and didn't once look at Cora. To some, this might've been rude or awkward, but Cora understood and was grateful. He was sparing her by not forcing her to talk, choosing instead to let her go at her own pace. He was waiting to see if she wanted to talk. She didn't. Instead, she drank her tea in silence, mind far from the tiny room she now sat in. It was true, ever since her beloved June Freeman was sent to Hell about a week ago, Cora had been depressed. She took her pain out whenever she had the chance to be alone and that time was always when curfew was past and she was able to slip into one of Heaven's lesser-used powder rooms. Every night since June's fall, she had been going to these powder rooms and just crying because she had no other way of expressing herself and no one to express to. Now, she knew that being out late like this was against the rules, but at this point, she didn't care. She just hadn't realized that Librarian had been near that night. She wanted to ignore him at first, but she knew it wouldn't work. So finally, she opened the door for him and watched him watch her. She expected to be punished, but when he offered her mercy and opened her arms, she couldn't help but fall into them. She needed this. Now here she sat, feeling peaceful for the first time in awhile. She smiled slightly at Librarian, her first real smile in a week, and just for moment, everything was ok. Time passed and Cora recovered. Every evening after applicant training was finished, Cora would visit Librarian in his private office. Sometimes they would offer light chatter, sometimes they would sit in dead silence, sometimes they'd help each other with tasks, sometimes they would just read back to back with cups of tea at their sides. Every time, no matter what they were doing on that particular day, Cora felt her heart lighten when she was with him. He had been so kind and supportive and now she considered him one of her closest friends. The feeling was mutual too. When he first met Cora, she was just another applicant. When she correctly answered several of his questions, she became someone with potential. When he learned she hung out with June, she'd become a troublemaker. When June fell and Cora began to mourn but never question Heaven, she had become someone Librarian could really get behind. Now he was making good on that last one and supporting her through her grief. Usually, he would've give her some speech about getting over it or he would've sent her away to be fixed if the grief didn't stop fast enough, but he didn't do it this time. For some reason, he felt like Cora deserved her space and, for that, he never pushed her to get better, waiting instead for her to come to terms with June's fall on her own time. He truly enjoyed her company. She was beautiful, kind, obedient, intelligent. It was a nice change from the normal applicant who was giggly and overly jumpy girl. Of course, it was obvious why they behaved that way, but Cora was level-headed and calm, like himself. In time, he considered her one of his closest friends. Even more time passed and finally, Cora became a full angel of Heaven. Librarian took a front row seat in her ceremony and behind his passive, almost-bored, expression, she saw his eyes glitter with pride and joy and she smiled back. A real smile. He was the only one she really smiled at now. Following the ceremony, neither Cora nor Librarian made any move to greet each other, but neither cared. Instead, just for a moment, Librarian caught his young friend's eye. I told you you'd do well here he seemed to say. Cora nodded slightly and flashed him a smile. \"I know,\" she mouthed back and he smiled. He could read lips as well as he could read books. But there was a small sadness between them. Both knew that with Cora being a full angel now, their nightly visits would have to stop. But we'll still be friends, right? Cora's blue eyes seemed to ask. Librarian felt a dry grin flicker across his stoic face. Even now, Cora was still the same insecure girl he met so long ago. She was still as shy, nervous, awkward, and eager to please as always and he loved her for it. He nodded in reply to her tacit question and she looked relieved as he made his promise. Yes, we'll still be friends. AN: This is the third and final \"story\" about the different ways Cora and Librarian's relationship could've gone and this one kept it strictly platonic with neither one ever feeling romantically inclined to the other. ","Summary":" Librarian frowned. The applicants were much quieter today. Normally, such obedience would please hi"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Life after Tomorrow","Author":"Xenophemera","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9948109","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Life after Tomorrow Prologue: Tree branches whipped painfully across Eeps face as she ran faster, and harder into the jungle thick. She could hear a shell blowing, its noise drifting faintly from the distance. Her heart beat frantically, and she knew it wasn't just from how fast she was running. She pictured Guy, then, trapped, hurt, or nearly… She couldn't bring herself to think of the last scenario. She was scared, more so now than she had ever been in her life. What was this feeling driving her to these strong emotions? Chapter One: The Croods had been living peacefully with nature for almost a month. Everyone, even Grug, had learned how to make the world a part of life, instead of something to be feared. Life in tomorrow seemed almost perfect. But things, as the Croods have come to learn, aren't always as they seem. \"Eep, where are you going?\" Ugga asked without looking up from the food she was trying to put together. Eep froze in her tracks and a disgruntled frown sat heavily on her face. \"Dad and Guy are going hunting, I just want to hunt…\" Eep said folding her thick arms across her chest. Ugga sighed and put down the food she had in hand and turned toward her daughter. \"Are you sure this has nothing to do with the fact that Guy will be out there?\" Ugga asked, all to knowing of the confusing teenage romance that was conspiring between the two. A bright red flushed across Eeps face and she turned her head down in a failed attempt to remain on top of the conversation. \"No!\" she protested loudly. \"Everything okay in here?\" Grug had stepped into hearing range and was now concerned about the situation. Eep buried her face in her hands and let out at groan. \"Eep wants to go hunting with you and Guy today.\" Ugga had a sly smile placed delicately upon her lips. Grug raised his eye brow and looked down at his daughter. \"It's you and your mother's day to stay behind.\" Grug said crossing his large arms. \"But Thunk gets to go out every time!\" Eep said in an exasperated teenage voice. \"Thunk has to learn how to become a good hunter and provider.\" Grug said, trying to be patient. \"Dad I'm tired of hunting every day. I wanna stay here and play with Douglas.\" Thunk had just walked over to join the slowly growing group of Croods, Douglas close behind. Not far behind the two was Gran who had been listening in for quite some time now. \"You can play with Douglas when we get back, right now it's time to be a man.\" \"Dad I'm only nine,\" Thunk said as Douglas jumped playfully around him. \"I'll help Ugga today,\" Gran said, finally deciding to join the group. She wandered up to the family, stick in hand. She winked at Eep and then looked stoically at Grug. \"The girl wants to hunt, just let her get out for a while.\" \"Well who's going to gather if you're helping Ugga?\" Grug said, thinking he had them beat. \"Oh, Douglas and I will go gather Dad! I've never gathered before…\" Thunk said looking at Douglas excitedly. \"No, no, Thunk,\" Grug said, starting to get frustrated. \"Men aren't gatherers. We hunt our prey, we bring home a nice kill for our family!\" Grug said excitedly, trying to gage his sons reaction. Thunk and Douglas looked at him, not buying it for a second. Grug groaned in defeat. \"Fine, go gather something…\" \"Yes!\" Thunk and Douglas ran quickly away, until Thunk tripped over Douglas and rolled a few feet. It wasn't enough to stop the excited nine year old as he leapt back up and continued to run. Grug shook his head as though in some kind of pain. \"So, does that mean I can go hunting with you guys?\" Eep said, hope flooding her bright eyes. Grug closed his eyes in defeat. \"Yes, you can go,\" he muttered. Eep jumped up excitedly and let out a small squeal. She took off to find guy. Ugga looked at her husband with kind eyes. She put her hand on his shoulder as they watched Eep go. \"I know you worry about her. But she is a big girl Grug. She's growing up.\" Ugga tried said attempting to comfort Grug's concerns. \"I Know, I know, I just…\" Grug pictured Eep and Guy out in the forest, their hands interlocked. He saw his little girl as a woman. Shaking his head to erase the image from his mind he looked at Ugga with determination. \"I'm just not ready to lose my little girl.\" Before Ugga could say anything Grug had already run out of hearing shot in order to, she assumed, give Eep and Guy as little alone time as possible. She turned to look at Gran and sighed. \"He'll figure it out,\" Gran said as she smiled knowingly and started a fire. The two stones clicked and sparked a few times before she finally got something to catch. \"He'll figure out that he isn't ever going to lose her. Not really. She'll always be his little girl.\" Eep ran through the jungle with endless excitement painted on her face. She hadn't been hunting in weeks and she knew her father was just trying to keep her out of dangers way, but the thing was, she wanted to be out in the open. She wanted to feel free with the wind in her hair and the sun on her face. She wanted to be moving and seeing and discovering. She knew she wasn't cut out for cave life or the average wife life. She needed so much more. And she knew exactly who could give her that. \"Eep?\" she heard someone say. She had been distracted enough by her thoughts that she was startled enough to trip over her own two feet. She tumbled forward and rolled right into another human body. \"Ooff,\" she said as she opened her eyes. She landed flat on her back and the noon sun bore down directly into her eyes. However, she could never mistake the person she had tumbled into. \"Ouch.\" Guy was on his hands and knees over top of Eep, just as surprised as she was at the moment. He moved his head to block the sun from her face and looked down into her eyes. A deep blush spread across her cheeks and she smiled. \"Hi!\" she was still too excited that she got to go hunting with Guy that she didn't even care about the embarrassing tumble. \"Hi –iiiii!\" Guy began to say softly then transformed into more of a startled yell as he was lifted high off the ground by the back of his pants. Eep sat up quickly just in time to see the cause of Guy's levitation. Grug sat Guy a few feet away, placing himself between the two. \"I wasn't aware that this is the new way to catch dinner,\" Grug said sarcastically. Eep leapt to her feet and scowled. \"I tripped Dad!\" \"Uhuh, that's how your mother and I got you; I tripped.\" Grug smirked. Guy's eyes widened, frightened, and he took a few large steps away from father and daughter. \"I think, uh, we should go hunting now. Suns already at the top of the sky,\" Guy suggested. Belt nodded making a cute squeaking noise in agreement. Grug wanted to look angry, but the truth was, he really wasn't. Guy was also right. The sun's light was precious for hunting and every minute that passed moved the sun further towards the night sky. \"Right, let's get going.\" Grug said leaping onto the back of his large jungle cat. The cat purred and jumped around a little. Everyone had come to realize how content the creature seemed around Grug. The owl cat came at Eeps command and she crawled up onto it's back followed by Guy. Grug wanted to make her ride with him, but the last thing he wanted was for her to become irrationally mad at him, and besides, they were just riding the same cat, right? (This is my first shot at a Croods FF so be kind and if you like it, let me know! Even if you have any ideas, shoot them my way. I have a very good idea and direction for this story, and if you read, I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Thanks for reading! Until next time, KLJ)[Chapter 2] A/N: Thank you to all my readers. You all do me a great honor just by taking the time to read my words, but if you really enjoy it don't be afraid to drop me a review! Chapter 2 Eep felt the heat of a blush creep onto her face every time her body was touched by Guys'. She intentionally took the paths that required large amounts of leaps and jumps to clear downed branches and crevasses. Guy would tense from time to time and clench her waist with nervous hands. This made Eep feel triumphant in a way; Satisfied. However, Grug was, as per usual, not far behind. Though he was having a hard time keeping up with the pair as Eep pushed the Owl cat further and further ahead. The creature released small growls of protest, but proceeded as instructed. \"Don't get too far ahead!\" Grug shouted against the wind generated by their swift movement across the ground. Eep rolled her eyes to herself and brought her owl cat to a slower pace. Grug smiled, thinking he could finally revel in the feeling of having his daughter truly listen to his commands for the first time in ages. He was wrong. \"Tracks,\" Guy said as he slid down the owl cats side and landed squarely on the moist jungle earth. Grug face palmed but quickly regained his composure in order to get his head in the hunt. When he approached the two youths he was aware that they looked very confused. Before them all lay small indents, pressed gently into the earth. The tracks arched and curved and moved in sets of two. \"Like… us?\" Eep asked. She wasn't sure what to feel about what she saw before her. \"I think you're right.\" Guy looked at the tracks observantly, slowly following their direction with his head. Ugga and Gran worked thoughtfully at their task listening as Douglas and Thunk romped tirelessly within earshot. Neither of them imagined the two would come back with much for the night meal but they had plenty to prepare already. Sandy dashed in quickly and scampered up Ugga's side to rest on her shoulders. Ugga smiled and patted the wild child on the head. Gran had a bit of a twisted look on her face just then and Ugga matched it with confusion. Before she could ask, Gran spoke. \"Um, Ugga.\" Gran pointed at her own mouth then at Sandy's. Ugga pulled her youngest daughter off of her shoulders and heard a light trumpet that emanated from a tiny elephant mouse trunk. Ugga sighed and plucked the helpless creature out of Sandy's mouth before setting it free on the floor. It scurried away in disgust, but not before turning to let out and angry trumpet at its tormentor. Sandy growled and struggled in Ugga's grasp. Ugga looked sternly at the child and held her in extended arms. \"Sandy, how many times are we going to have to go through this. You can't put every tiny creature you run across in your mouth.\" Sandy just quick struggling and dangled calmly in Ugga's grasp. \"Gran picked the child from Ugga's hands and held her for second. After a look only a grandmother can give a grandchild she smiled and sat Sandy down. She ran quickly out of the shelter of trees and on to find her next victim. \"No. I think that's a terrible idea.\" Grug folded his arms defiantly and for once his daughter agreed with his opinion though she would never voice her concern. \"It's the fastest way to find out what's going on here. We split up, follow the directions of tracks, and if we don't find anything at late sun, we meet back here to ride home.\" Guy seemed a little too eager about the idea of finding out what made the tracks. \"What about the hunt? What will we bring home?\" Eep asked, hopeful that her logic would convince Guy that this wasn't something that they should be worrying about. \"We haven't checked the traps yet. We'll check them on our way back through. I'm sure there is something in at least one of them.\" Eep gave up. Guy was determined. She knew her father wasn't going to budge though. \"We aren't splitting up. Remember the last time we split up?\" Guys mind flashed back to that almost magical journey through the maze. The beautiful look on Eeps face, the way her hand felt in his and the way his heart flitted in his chest when her eyes met his. His face reddened at the memory and he turned toward the tracks again. He wanted to be strong for her, and to him, that meant finding out what or who made these tracks. \"I'll go.\" Guy made up his mind. Eep tried to hide the disgruntled look that threatened to make its presence known. \"Stay with Eep and continue hunting. If I run into trouble, I'll call for you.\" He pulled his conch from his satchel and looked at Eep sincerely. She managed a smile and her heart fluttered lightly, as it almost always did when he looked at her this way. She still felt uneasy. Grug nodded and Guy began walking. He was stopped, though, as Eep placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. \"Take him,\" she said as the owl cat nuzzled Guy's arm with its large head. Guy smiled and put both hands on her shoulders. He pressed his forehead to hers lightly. \"I'll come back, promise.\" \"Okay, okay break it up,\" Grug said quickly intervening in their moment. Guy obliged and Eep stepped back watching Guy climb onto the owl cats back. With another reassuring smile, he took off on the owl cat. Eeps stomach sank, and she turned away toward her father. He placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. She made no gesture and climbed up onto her father's cat. He sighed and mounted the cat too. He could almost feel Eeps pain and worry. In a desperate attempt to console her he said, \"Guy is a smart, well, guy,\" Grug said, laughing at his own joke lightly. He turned to discover it didn't elicit much of an effect from his distraught daughter. \"He is going to be alright. Besides, he has the owl cat.\" It was then that silence ensued for the rest of the journey as the pair checked trap after trap. Two of them had decent sized animals in them and Grug silently thanked Guy for his ideas. Eep on the other hand wandered through her own thoughts. Physically she went through all the movements of riding and resetting traps, but her mind was far, far away. She was standing in front of fire for the first time, its brilliance dazzling her with dancing light. She was quickly met with Guy, this frightening bore creature that miraculously transformed into a boy; A beautiful boy, with an awkward smile and beautiful eyes. And it was in that moment that he outshined the fire a million times over. She remembered her first gift from Guy. A pink conch peaked and dipped in a myriad of texture. She remembered blowing on it for the first time. The sound was so crisp in her memory it was like she was hearing it for real. Her eyes opened wide and she realized she was hearing it out loud. Without a moment of hesitation she rose to her feet and listened for the sound again to determine which direction to go. \"Eep, don't you dare!\" Grug shouted as his daughter ran for the cat. \"I'm sorry, he needs me!\" she shouted without looking back. The rest of her father's words were lost in the wind as the cat sprinted forward. Eep listened for the deep bellow of the conch again and turned into the thick of the jungle. The cat roared in protest as thick vines and low branches snapped at their faces. A sick sense of panic filled her and every moment in between his conch blows was agony. Every second was an hour of not knowing; not knowing whether he was dead or alive; not knowing whether he was hurt or running for his life. The conch was close now and she leapt off the cat to navigate the thick more easily. She ran until her legs hurt and wondered if she were going in the right direction. The conch blew one more time before she burst into an opening in the trees and looked around frantically. It didn't take long for her eyes to rest on Guy and a great sense of relief flooded her, that is, until her eyes fell on a second person only a few feet from Guy.[Chapter 3] A/N: Hello everyone! What an absence, Huh? I've been doing so much writing for school, that I decided it was high time I turned back to what made me love writing so much in the first place and do some pleasure writing. Time to end that cliff-hanger, guys; and as always, reviews are greatly appreciated. Chapter 3 Grug squinted into the distance as Eep and the jungle cat disappeared behind tree after tree. He let out disgruntled yell and pounded his fists off the ground. The sun had migrated through the sky as it did every day, and was no resting at the tree line where Eep disappeared. He knew there was nothing he could do now, but wait; wait and start the long walk back home before darkness settled over the place they called Tomorrow. A new feeling replaced the grip of terror that Eep felt for Guy. It was distrustful, and cautious, and there was something else present within her. It made her stomach tight and heavy all at once. While her heart leapt at the sight of Guy, it sank at the sight of the other beside him. They were so similar, he and the other. Long brown hair tossed in a light evening breeze, and large blue eyes returned Eeps intent stare. The other was slender but short, her head falling just below guys brow. The other was a human; a girl. Eep, forced the jungle cat to take a few steps back. Guy realized then that this was not going as well as he had intended. Why was Eep so afraid? He had to wonder, for he had never seen her succumb to fear. Not his bright eyed Eep. \"Woah, Eep, stop.\" Guy began moving forward, toward her. She did. Guy wasn't someone she could walk away from, nor did she want to, but she kept glancing silently at the other. Guy reached up slowly and grabbed her hand, coaxing her to come down from the safety of the jungle cat's haunches. As her feet hit the ground Guy placed a comforting hand on the small of her back and together they began walking forward. \"Eep, this is Aura.\" Eep looked at the other and decided that this name fit her. Even still her inner senses still urged her to take Guy and run from this person; this other. \"Aura, this is Eep.\" Guys voice softened as he said it, her name gently floating into the air. \"Hello, Eep,\" Aura said, daring to step forward. Eep tensed immediately but Guy held fast, even though he knew that should Eep wish to she could break free from him in an instant. \"Go on Eep, say someth-\" Suddenly the jungle cat, who no one had noticed after Eep had slid from its back, leapt into the jungle. It became quickly obscured by the many trees and was soon nothing but a sound as it wove through the vines and low branches. Eeps eyes widened in a bit of shock. She glanced up at the sun who had already begun it's decent behind the trees. It was only then that she managed to think of her father. Ugga and Gran sat patiently at the edge of their tree, humming and making. Sandy bounced through the tall grass not far from the older women and was, as always, chasing a creature smaller than herself. Douglas and Thunk were laying on the ground nearby, indulging in a post night-meal nap incurred by a day full of rough housing. \"Oh, I see Grug!\" Ugga suddenly said, putting down her bowl and getting to her feet. Gran didn't bother. \"Tomorrow's a new day I suppose,\" Grant muttered absently with a sly grin on her face. Ugga gave her a stern look and shook her head. \"I don't see anyone else.\" Ugga's heart began to sink as she scanned the tree line quickly. She noticed something else, too: Grug was walking. Alone, Grug marched out of the forest. The sun was fading quickly now, and twilight bathed the surrounding areas where the trees shadows did not touch. Ugga's heart raced and Gran stood to join them all. \"Where are the kids? Where're the cats? Why are you walking? What's happening-\" Before Grug could respond to his wife's urgent but reasonable questions he was knocked forward into the sandy earth. Above him stood the jungle cat, which cuddled him relentlessly as it purred. Grug wrestled the cat off himself and stood once more. He was momentarily relived to see his animal companion, that is, until he saw that Eep was no longer atop. \"Guy we need to leave, please,\" Eep pleaded as they followed Aura through the woods on a foot beaten path. Her foot prints were so remarkably like Guys, she noted, only smaller. Not far behind them the owlcat followed, intent on remaining with its familiars. \"I can ride in the dark, just trust me. We'll be home in no time.\" Eep knew that she could not ride in the dark, and although the Owlcat was nocturnal, it would follow her commands. She would never be able to steer it with no guiding light. The creature and herself would merely become frustrated, and exhausted. Slowly they marched through the dimly lit jungle, following Aura to her own village. Village. Eep didn't want to think about there being more of them. She didn't want to spend the night in this strange place. If she were being honest, she'd rather take her chances out in the open with Guy and her Owl Cat. Guy was excited, though, and she could tell by the way he followed and trusted. His eyes were bright with questions. Her heart sank as she thought of him cherishing these others more than he cherished the Croods.[Chapter 4] A/N: Hope the story is enjoyable thus far, and thanks for sticking with it. Cheers. Chapter 4 The sun was just starting to rise over the world of Tomorrow, but Grug had not yet slept. He paced thoughtfully in the sandy earth, and occasionally tapped his stick off the ground. Often he would draw as an idea came slowly to his mind. The feeling of tiredness crept into his muscles and bones but there would be no rest for him. Ugga, Gran, and Thunk felt much the same. Sandy didn't have the capacity to realize what was going on. The small group huddled together and watched Grug in his pensive pace. \"AHAH!\" Grug finally said, grabbing the sides of his head and abandoning his stick utensil. He turned to face his family and smiled. \"I have, an idea!\" \"What? What is it?\" Gran and Ugga said in seeming unison. \"The jungle cat knows where they last were, right? So we ride the jungle cat to the last place they were, and find them! The sun is just beginning to climb.\" Grug was sure this plan would work. \"But, food?\" Ugga was right, they had none from the previous day, and though they used to be accustomed to going without for weeks, now their bodies had become used to not. There was a small gurgle emanating from Thunks stomach indicating an ache. Grug pursed his lips and his brow wrinkled. She was right, but Eep, and Guy, were still out there, and he had to find his daughter. He let himself imagine for just one moment Guy holding Eeps hand and looking into her eyes. Quickly he blinked the thought away; this was no time to whip up creative untruths when the pair was missing. Sunlight spilled into a small window above Eeps head and she treasured the warmth it brought her. She slept, for the moment, on a strange bed that made use of something called \"straw\" as cushion. She dreamed - as most people do when they are in between sleep and waking – about Guy and her family. She also dreamed of the Other and that was enough to rip her from her sleep. Greenish brown eyes grew wide as she hurried to take in her surroundings. She was encompassed by walls made of wood from the surrounding trees. The roof was made of more of what she slept on. Beside her lay nothing but empty space that Guy had previously occupied. She pressed her hand against the straw; still warm. She stood then, and walked to the opening in the walls used for entering and exiting the shelter. Cautiously she peeked out into the open space and saw a village bathed in sunlight. Others walked and milled and worked. Shelters just like the one that she was occupying were scattered throughout the open space, with the jungle pressing in on them. The others were all tall, and slender, much like Guy. Some had long hair braided and tied, and some had short hair twisted and tied. Eep scanned the surrounding area quickly for any sign of Guy. She found none, and sighed as she began to move her head away from the opening of the door. It was then that something soft and warm wrapped itself around her leg. \"Belt?\" Eep said, though not unexcitedly. She Smiled down at the sloth creature, and pulled him up closer to her face. He wrapped himself around her arm and cooed. \"What are you doing here?\" She wondered aloud. Guy never left without Belt. She pictured him wandering around with the other, his pants somewhere close to his ankles. She wanted to laugh, but she also noticed in that moment that although Belt was left behind, the Owl Cat was not. Guy jumped down from the Owl Cat smoothly and not far behind him was the Other. Aura looked up at the beast with awe. She had never ridden an animal such as this one. They had smaller, tamer beasts in the village, but this one was powerful. It was creature that she would have, in the past, feared before she ever thought of mounting it. \"It's an amazing creature,\" she said as they watched it drink contently from the river. \"Yeah, but it listens better to Eep.\" Guy looked thoughtful for a moment, thinking of the way Eep looked astride the Owl Cat. There was no fear in her the way there was in him. He hated that about himself sometimes. The Owl Cat's ears perked up at the sound of Eeps name and it walked over to Guy, its feathered ears fanning and relaxing. \"What's wrong with it?\" Aura asked. \"Eep… we should get back to the village. There's no way she isn't awake right now. But I left her belt so she knew I wouldn't be gone long.\" Guy mounted the Owl Cat and extended a hand for Aura. She took it after a moment of hesitation. Aura did not want to leave so quickly. She slipped onto the Owl Cats haunches easily and wrapped thin strong arms around Guys waist. When she woke him early that morning, she intended for them to spend a vast majority of the day together. Her mind wandered to the girl that Guy traveled with. Who was she to him, and why did Guy care so much about leaving her behind? They were not the same. Guy was obviously not a Neanderthal, but he chose to identify with them. It struck her as odd, and perhaps even a little hurtful. She knew that although it was just a newfound crush, she wanted Guys attention for her own. Eep sat on the ground within the shelter, holding Belt tightly in her arms. The small sloth rested against her and both anxiously awaited the return of the one who was familiar to them. Eep thought of her father and mother, Gran, Thunk, and Sandy and wondered how worried they were. She felt guilty for abandoning her father so thoughtlessly. She wondered if they were searching for her even now. It was hard to sit and wait for Guy to return to her, but she had no choice. She wouldn't leave him with these Others, that, and he had the Owl Cat. \"Hello?\" A voice carried suddenly into the shelter and Eep looked up quickly. She thought, just for a moment, that it was Guy, but it was not. \"May I come in?\" The voice called out into the shelter. Eep could see that it was not in the doorway, but it was infact one of the Others. A boy stepped slowly through the door and looked down at Eep with kind eye. The amount he resembled Guy was astonishing, except for the fact that he was a little thicker and taller. His hair was brown and fine like guys, and also shaggy. His eyes however were a strange shade of blue. Eep didn't know how to find her voice. None of the Others had really approached them since they arrived late after the sun had left the sky. \"Eep, right? Why don't you come out for a while?\" The boy asked, extending a friendly hand to help her up. \"Um, yes,\" she said, standing on her own and keeping Belt close to her. \"And this is Belt.\" The sloth looked at the boy curiously and then returned to his resting position on Eep. \"Well, Eep and Belt, I am Gill.\" Silence. \"Why don't you come out, and let me show you around?\" The boy seemed genuine. Eep agreed and followed him out into the sunlit village. As they walked around, some of the Others looked oddly at Eep, but for the most part, they remained diligent in their toiling. The more comfortable Eep grew towards the situation, the more her curious self-began to show. She marveled at things they used and had. Cups and plates, and the way they built their shelters. Some of them farmed. She didn't even know what that meant, but she wanted to. A/N: I feel like I'm leaving off in an awkward place, but I hope you like it anyways! More to come soon![Chapter 5] A/N: Hey guys! It's been a while but i have had a lot of reviews asking for a continuation of the story so here we go! Guy and Aura arrived at the village in no time. Directing the Owlcat to the hut in which he left Belt and Eep, he felt a small jolt of excitement to be able to see her. A nagging feeling left him hoping that she wasn't upset with him for leaving her for the morning, but as he entered the small building he realized that she and Belt were gone. He paused at the entrance and his face became pinched in thought. His eyes narrowed at the ground and as he wondered where she would have gone. Aura approached him from behind and came quickly to the same realization that Guy had. \"They're gone?\" She was filled with a sense of glee seeing that her and Guy might get more time together after all. \"We should start looking for her,\" Guy said. He turned away from the doorway and walked past Aura without paying her much mind. She nodded and followed close behind. \"I'm sure she's fine. She couldn't have left the village.\" Aura offered this in hopes of consoling him, if only a little. The idea of him being unhappy was not one she wished to entertain. As though her words were a trigger, Guy was flooded with memories of their journey by foot. He knew that it was not beyond Eep to make the trip back to her family by foot. 'I knew she wasn't happy staying here, but would she really leave me?' He thought to himself. His heart caught on the words 'leave me', as though they were together. He wasn't sure exactly what they had, but he knew those words hurt, even just to think. Eep followed Gill like a lost child with Belt gently held in her arms. He showed her everything the village had to offer and helped her understand all the things she asked about, which was nearly everything. Children darted around her feet and giggled endlessly as they chased and called after one another. She had only ever seen her younger brother and sister as she grew up. Thunk was a boulder and Sandy was insane. She had never seen groups of children this way before, and she was fascinated. They walked past the seamstress hut and she watched in awe as the elderly woman put together pieces of hide and leather and slowly transformed them into clothing. Gill took her to the fields and she learned that the people here grew food in a controlled area, and then came back later to collect the fruits and vegetables that those plants bared. So many things that she could take back to her family that would help them live. Her family. She stopped abruptly in the middle of the field as Gill continued across. In all her fascination she had almost forgotten that she had a family waiting, and most likely, worrying for her. Belt cooed up at her in concern. It didn't take long for Gill to notice that he no longer had a follower. He turned quickly around and made his way back to the now distraught Eep. \"What is it?\" he asked gently his eyes searching. \"This is all really great, but, my family,\" she began, \"Guy.\" Her heart jumped a bit at the mention of his name. Where was he? Why had he not come to find her yet? She had to find him and leave this place. She had to make it back to her family. Gill's brow creased for a moment and then in the blink of an eye he was giving Eep a comforting smile. \"Hey, don't worry. We'll find Guy. I'm sure he didn't go far.\" Grug mounted the Junglecat with supplies strapped to his back. Guy called it a \"back pack\". Grug couldn't deny that it was a very useful tool for traveling. In fact, if Grug was going to be honest with himself, Guy had a lot of great ideas and what he lacked in strength he more than made of for with resourcefulness. Maybe a part of him would never let go of the overprotective feelings he had toward Eep, but she couldn't do any better than someone like Guy. \"Please bring them home,\" Ugga said, her eyes puffy from many tears shed. Gran nodded in great concern and Sandy, oblivious, perched atop her head. Thunk stood by Douglas. \"Be careful Dad,\" Thunk said with his bravest face. \"Take care of the family Thunk, I'll be back as soon as I can with your sister.\" \"And Guy,\" Ugga said sternly. \"Yes and Guy…\" Grug muttered in his comic fashion. The small family waved nervously as Grug set off, then, into the thick of the jungle. He knew that there were one hundred things that could have happened to the pair by now, but refused to think about them. Focus drove him onward, into the wilds to retrieve his daughter, and, in a way, son. Guy ambled through the village with a watchful eye, and Aura was not far from his side. She didn't seem as concerned as he did, though, and this bothered Guy a little. He took a deep breath and exhaled. Maybe she was right, maybe he was being a little too overreactive. She had belt. He knew that she would know him well enough to know that he would never go far without him, or her. Or maybe she didn't. His mind began racing with thoughts of the two of them. What if she really didn't know how deeply he felt for her? He never really expressed his honest feelings to her. They had held hands a few times, and made electrifying eye contact, but he didn't really know how to communicate his feelings to a girl. He had never really known another girl that wasn't his mother. A bit of defeat began to grow inside of him and he wondered if he would ever have the courage, and the understanding for that matter, to tell Eep what he truly felt for her. \"Oh, look!\" Aura said suddenly, stopping short in the road and pulling Guy from his tumultuous thoughts. Before the two was an empty field that likely once held a crop, but now held only trampled grasses and the village children. They all seemed to be delighting in kicking a ball back and forth amongst themselves. The rules weren't clear but they all cheered 'Muka Muka!' when the ball made it past certain players. \"What are they doing?\" Guy asked, his intrigue getting the better of him. \"It's a game called Muka Muka. There are four keepers, representing the four great gods of the sun, the moon, the earth, and the sky. The four representing the gods must keep the ball away from the common people. If a common human snatches the ball from a god, they are now that god, and the god who lost the ball becomes a common.\" Aura explained. \"I haven't played since I was a child myself. Oh, let's play! Come on!\" the village girl ran forth into the congregation of children and began seeking the ball from the gods. \"Aura, I, I would love to play, but I really think I need to find Eep first.\" Guy said, trying to be as assertive as possible. \"Muka Muka!\" the children and Aura shouted as the ball bounced off of Guys leg. \"You are the sun god now.\" Aura called out to him with joy and he could see that she had no intention of helping him until she was satisfied with her local game. With an awkward start, Guy kicked the ball to the nearest god and the game continued on. \"Hey, look at that,\" Gill said, pointing down at some children in the distance. They were running in an old field that once held corn. \"What is it?\" Eep asked with renewed curiosity. He smiled at her, knowing that she was no longer in distress about Guy. \"It's a game called Muka Muka. I think that's what the kids are playing in the empty field. You want to learn how?\" \"Yes!\" \"Alright, let's go! And hey, maybe Guy is down there right now, just waiting for you.\" Eep smiled and followed Gill out of the field. She gripped belt to her side and followed Gill out of the field and out towards the old field where the village children laughed and played, hearing the occasional shout of 'Muka Muka!'. A/N: Well, there you have it. Hopefully it doesn't take as long for me to keep this story moving! Enjoy![Chapter 6] A/N: So I just watched the movie again today for the first time in over a year. I needed a feel for the characters again. It also has me very inspired to continue the story! So I hope it is keeping everyone interested! Cheers- Grug pushed through the thick jungle, the smell of the ocean's water becoming fainter as he went. The jungle cat moved nimbly across the soft earth, it's shadow mingling with the ones cast by the canopy's of the towering trees. It seemed to him as though he had been traveling most of the day, but the sun showed that it was only a few hours past midday sun. His mind drifted in and out of memories while his body moved and shifted with the cat; second nature now. He recalled a version of himself that once would have shouted irrational strings of nonsense while pounding his fists off the ground before he ever even considered riding astride a jungle beast. He envisioned a Grug that would have just as soon made his daughter unhappy than let her go with Guy. \"Please take care of my little girl,\" he muttered to himself. \"Woah!\" The jungle cat stopped abruptly. It seemed as though the jungle might never give way, but it did. Grug and the jungle cat were standing in a small clearing. Even the canopy above seemed to give way to the sky above, making the patch full with tall grasses. Grug looked up and around, only to find that they were alone. The jungle cat sniffed the air and then began tracking the scent across the ground. Before Grug could climb down, the cat leapt forward again into the jungle on the other side of the clearing. Eep walked quickly down toward the group of children playing with Gill as the lead. Belt was wrapped gently around her back and two blue orbs peaked over her shoulder. As they neared the field, Eeps heart soared. Her eyes fell on Guy and she smiled. Belt let out a small cheer and she approached the edge of the game. The small red sloth slid around her torso and into her arms, causing her to instinctively clutched him to her chest. Gill stepped up beside the two and noted the way her eyes brightened when she saw Guy. \"Guy!\" she shouted, unable to contain her excitement any longer. Guy looked up quickly with surprise, a happy light filling his face. *Thwack* \"Guy!\" Eep shouted again, this time in concern. In his distraction the ball had gone straight to him and made firm contact with his head. He tumbled backwards onto the grass and smiled strangely up at Eep as she descended on him. Belt slid onto his human companions lower chest and tapped him with a concerned claw. The small creature pulled two stones out of Guys pants and rubbed them together a few times before applying them to his bare chest. \"Clear!\" Belt gurgled in his tiny sloth voice. Suddenly, Guy shot up and grabbed the sloth against him. \"Cold… cold…\" he muttered. It was then that he realized how close his face was to Eeps. She just smiled and returned his gaze with a glowing intensity. It was this kind of thing that he had come to love about her. That undying intensity that she wore in everything she did. \"Hi!\" \"Hi…\" Guy said quietly. The sun behind Eep was suddenly blocked out by Gill as he stepped up behind the neanderthal girl. Guy felt his pulse quicken and it wasn't because of his newest head injury. Without another moment of hesitation Guy hopped up to his feet and Belt assumed his position at the boy's waist. \"Hello, strange person.\" Guy was uncomfortable with the close proximity the other kept with Eep. He felt a new and odd sensation rising up in his chest, but the problem was he had never remember feeling it before now. There was an uncertainty he felt, watching this boy stand so close to Eep. \"Oh, sorry. Name's Gill.\" He said with a disarming smile. Guy wasn't put to ease, though. The new feeling only worsened from there. \"And you must be Guy. This one's been worried about you all morning.\" \"Well. Not allll morning…\" Eep felt and embarrassed heat flush in her cheeks and she chuckled. \"I'm sorry,\" Guy blurted out suddenly, remembering through all the current events that he did leave her for the morning without telling her where he had gone. \"I shouldn't have left you this morning.\" \"That would be my fault.\" Aura moved casually to stand beside Guy. Eep felt a stab of emotion, the problem was, she had no name for it. Aura and Gill made less than friendly eye contact for a moment before anyone but Guy could really notice. \"I asked him to show me the owl cat.\" \"Little far from the priestess hut, aren't you?\" Gill said, his tone snide. Aura simply glared at Gill in response. Guy stepped away from Aura to move towards Eep when a dizzy spell hit him. Eep caught him quickly and Belt prodded at him with concern. \"Guy!\" Eep cried as he lay in her arms. \"Heh, must've gotten hit harder than I thought…\" \"Are you broken? What do I do?\" Eep asked, thinking that Guy would have an idea or an answer for the problem; he always did. \"We need to take him to the medicine woman.\" Gill said, directing Eep to follow him. \"Stay,\" he said suddenly as Aura began to follow. She narrowed her eyes in protest. \"You know why.\" She didn't offer any words, but simply floated off in the other direction. Eep watched her leave, her slender body moving gently. Eep glanced at her own body for a moment before following Gill. Guy walked beside her, his arm wrapped around her broad shoulders for support. The medicine womans hut was filled with powders, potions, and jars of all sorts and sizes. The woman herself was dressed in a way the Eep had never encountered before. Her face was painted black and white, and the rest of her body was covered in cloths that had feathers attached to them in various length and color. Her head dress was a crown of feathers and made her look like she spent her free time in flight with other birds. Guy lay motionless on a straw mat on the floor. A cloth had been placed over his forehead and under that the medicine woman had smeared some brown and gray substance. Gill stayed with Eep for a while before offering for her to come with him to get some fresh air. When she declined, he offered to get and bring back fresh water to the hut. Eep held belt in her lap as she watched Guys breathing. In and out. In and out. His chest rose and fell evenly as he dreamed of she knew not what. \"He's going to be just fine, child,\" the medicine woman said. Eep jumped, startled by the sudden speech. \"He just needs a little rest.\" \"What was the stuff you put on his head?\" \"Oh, that? Just a little herb remedy that I came up with.\" The medicine woman was quite old and yet she seemed very strong. Eep nodded but continued to watch Guy. \"You are worried.\" It was not a question, but a conviction. \"I-\" \"Don't worry. Don't worry,\" she said gently. \"This boy looks at you the way stars watch the moon. He loves you.\" \"Water has arrived,\" Gill said as he entered the hut, leaving Eep to process the moment she had just had with the medicine woman on her own. \"And so has someone named Grug? Eep I think he is searching for you?\" From behind the tall tanned boy stepped Grug. His broad hulking mass filled the remaining space in the hut awkwardly. \"Dad!\" Eep wrapped her arms around him, giving him one of his patented hugs. Grug returned her embraced warmly and then looked around with concern. The new Grug was much more open to new and different things, but that didn't stop the once-caveman from showing his concern for this unknown land and these unknown people. He looked down then and saw Guy. \"Oh no…\" he said, kneeling down and placing a fist against the earth. His head hung low. \"He was a great, well, Guy. Eep, I…\" \"Grug. Grug I'm fine.\" Guy mumbled, still drowsy from the medicine womans sleep powder. \"Oh, uh, well, good then. I knew you were fine.\" Grug stood straight again and cleared his throat. Eep giggled and as she put her hands back down on the ground, one of them came to rest on top of Guys. He turned his hand over and closed it around hers. Grug took note and for the first time in a while, he didn't stop them from doing so. \"Well, better get going. The family is waiting for us, and they are worried sick! You know, this is why I always said splitting up was a bad idea. I'm still a firm believer-\" \"Leave?\" Arua had come through the hut entrance. Her face was read with concern. \"But you can't go. Guy can't travel yet.\" She was grasping at straws. \"Yes he can.\" The medicine woman said matter of factly. \"Who's she?\" Grug asked. \"Who're you?\" Aura said, her eyes narrow. \"Aura, enough. Honestly,\" Gills voice came from the back of the hut. He had been silent for a while up until this point. Guy sat up slowly. \"This has been a great experience but our family is waiting.\" Guy knew they couldn't stay, and he was filled with a sense of guilt as he thought of how much he made Ugga and the others worry. \"Family? You really feel you belong with them?\" Aura clenched her fists as she spoke. \"Well, yes.\" Guy squeezed Eeps hand reassuringly. As Aura witnessed this, she turned quickly and the group could have sworn they saw a tear in her eye.[Chapter 7] Guy could tell that there was a lot going on between Aura and Gill that the three outsiders didn't understand. A small, entirely too small for concern, part of him wanted to ask just what was going on there, and yet he dared not. Grug, on the other hand, was far less couth than the perceptive young Guy. \"What's eating her?\" Grug directed his question Gill specifically. Gill shook his head and, as he rested his elbow in one hand, placed the free hand under his chin. He looked down at the worth earth within the hut with great contemplation before he humored them with a response. \"I'm sorry you've had to deal with her while you were here. I know that this is all a bit of a new experience for you all,\" he gave pause long enough to look at Eep before he continued on. There was something so gentle and curious in the way he looked at her. Once again Guy was roused with this awful feeling that made his heart beat pick up its pace while his stomach felt like it was sinking. His chest became tense as did the rest of his neck and shoulders. However he could still not place any kind of word to this new emotion. He was going to have to get the ol' brain working soon to figure out this latest conundrum. \"Perhaps you should stay one more night.\" The medicine woman finally spoke up, her eyes resting on Guy. \"Now that I think about it, you look a little rougher than I thought. Let us treat you to a dinner in the village; a fire, food, and good people. It's the least we can do.\" Her words seemed nothing more than mere concern for Guy and his physical condition, but the wise woman had seen far too many years on earth not to understand what was beginning to happen between all youths before her. \"Absolutely not.\" Grug was, naturally, the first to oppose, and he did so with great vigor. He folded his thick corded arms and set his chin. It seemed there was no changing his mind. \"Dad, maybe it isn't such a bad idea. What if Guy really is too hurt to travel?\" The young Neanderthal girl was clearly blinded by her feelings for Guy. If that medicine woman said he was too injured to travel, he was too injured to travel. That was that. And the problem was, she was just as stubborn as her father. \"I'll strap him to the back of the jungle cat. If he passes out he won't even fall off. See? What a great IDEA. Maybe we cave men have a brain after all,\" Grug said, a bit smugly. Grug was often in competition with Guy to come up with greater ideas, though Guy always seemed to outdo him at every turn. Eep was not as keen on the idea, her face quickly painting a defiant scowl. \"Then you go back! I'll stay with Guy, and we'll be back by tomorrow.\" \"Oh no! I don't think so young lady. We are a family, and I'm not leaving my family behind!\" \"So you're staying then?\" Eep said quickly. \"Huh? No!\" Grug was becoming flustered. \"Perhaps,\" the Medicine woman chimed in, \"you should as the one who is hurt how he feels about it?\" The group all turned their attention to Guy then, who up until this point had maintained his silence. He knew all too well that when Eep and Guy began and argument, it was best to take a back seat and ride out the turmoil. \"Eheh… Well, I,\" he stopped for a moment and looked over at Eep, then to Grug, and finally to the medicine woman. Her eyes were calm and steady, and she seemed to be looking at him as though there were something she very much wished to discuss with him. \"I think we should stay.\" He had not intended to blurt it out so absentmindedly, but out it came and the other occupants of the hut gave their corresponding looks of approval, or lack thereof in the case of one Grug. \"Gill can take some of you at his hut, I can house Guy here.\" She then busied herself with various potions and herbs within her reach. It was clear that she intended to say no more on the subject for now, and Gill took that as his que to lead Grug and Eep to the hut they would be staying at tonight. \"What will your mother do? What if something happens while I'm not there to protect them?\" Suddenly Grug envisioned Granny being carried off by a jungle creature, never to return. \"On the other hand…\" he began to say, a devious smile spreading across his face. As the three of them walked through the small village, Grug noted that they sun had already begun to rest low in the sky. In only a few hours he would lose the sun and there was a chance he wouldn't have made it to the rest of his family in time, anyways. With a small sigh at his blatant defeat, he stopped his outward protest, but never stopped thinking of them. 'Tomorrow,\" he thought to himself. Meanwhile, Ugga and Gran were doing quite well, even with the absence of their main protector. The biggest problem the family faced at this point in time was the fact that three of their loved ones were still missing. Ugga tapped at her food as she watched the sun sink further and further from the sky. Gran patted her daughter's broad arm and gave her a look of encouragement. \"Oh, dear, don't worry. I know they are fine. I'm sure he found the kids by now and they are just waiting out the night so they can travel in the day light.\" Gran said. \"I hope you're right,\" Ugga said, knowing there was really nothing else to be said of the situation. She could worry and cry all she wanted but it would do her and her remaining family members no good. \"We have come through some very hard situations, and this is no different. They will come back.\" Gran sounded surer now. She had a great sense of conviction about her son-in-laws strength. She recalled the moment when she saw him flying through the sky with the sun, or \"fire\" as Guy called it, strapped to the back of the skeleton; all those terrible bird creatures screeching and flying him to safety. From that moment on she had a new found sense of respect for him. She had faith in him. Sandy was crying softly at her mother's leg. She had spent the better part of the day wailing loudly, as most toddlers do, over the fact that Belt was gone, and could not serve as her play mate. Soon she would have herself cried to sleep, and Ugga could put her down for the night. She was kind of glad that Sandy was so young, because she couldn't grasp the full gravity of the situation currently at hand. However, her middle child did. \"Mom, will dad and Eep and Guy be home soon?\" Thunk had already eaten and until that moment had been running about in the warm ocean water. His arms were filled with shells that he often times collected in order to exchange and play them with Guy. He had become rather attached to their newest addition to the family and Ugga could see that all three family members' absences could no longer go unnoticed. \"Of course they will.\" Gran said this without hesitation. Ugga was grateful for her mother's strength, because she herself wasn't sure if she could answer that question for Thunk. Would it be a lie? She shook her head for a moment then smiled bravely. \"They will,\" she said, deciding not to let the darkness of doubt consume her. Guy laid back against the mat on the ground that separated him from the cool earth underneath. The medicine woman continued to work with her jars and herbs, leaving the hut in silence aside from the occasional clinking of earthen pottery. He wondered why he hadn't thought of something so useful before now. They were so convenient and well suited for holding just about anything that would fit into them. 'We wouldn't have to leave for water all the time anymore. We could collect it and carry it back. We could collect rain, too,' he thought to himself. There were so many things he had seen in the village that he wanted to ask questions about and try to replicate for the family. For Eep. He felt his face become a bit warm as he thought about being able to provide all these wonderful things for her. It wasn't long before Guy drifted off into a deep sleep. His mind floated in vast darkness and rest came easily to him in that moment.[Chapter 8] Whether it was the sleep powder, or the fact that Guy hadn't had the most restful night when they had arrived at the village, he could not tell. But he found himself falling into a dream; something he didn't do very often. There were so many bright greens. The jungle around him lush and vibrant. It brimmed with life in every way. Guy found himself standing the midst of towering trees. Flowers the size of his head bursting forth from their tangled vines which hung from the trees. It was all so familiar. \" Guy. . .\" There was a voice that called out to him. This, too, was incredibly familiar. Suddenly, Eep stepped forth from between two trees not so far off in the distance. She held her hand out to him and beckoned for him to approach. Her eyes were almost shining; the green within the two orbs pulsing with life, as the rest of the forest did. His heart beat quickened and his lips formed a gentle smile. He stepped forward from his place under the canopy and followed her through the jungle thick. Her laugh radiated through the trees, as every time he came close to her she appeared farther away again. Eventually she was out of his range of vision; vanished amongst the foliage. He paused and waited for her to appear once more. \"Guy…\" She called to him, though she herself hadn't made her presence known to him this time. Guy followed the sound, fumbling over roots that protruded from the earth's depths. He placed his hand upon the curtain of vines that blocked the last part of his path. The sun shining behind them projected light between the tendrils. Upon pulling them to the side, he had fully hoped, and expected, to see Eep. Two adults were before him, then. A man and a woman. The man looked strikingly similar to Guy, his hair only slightly longer and sandier. His eyes were a dark brown and his front teeth were ever so slightly crooked, just as Guys'. The woman was lean and lovely. Her hair was quite long, well past her shoulders, and a darker brown, much like Guys'. Her eyes were a vivid blue, her face a soft oval shape. Guy looked on in horror at the pair, and then at himself. Guy watched himself, a much younger version, kneeling before the two adult figures. His dirty hands were clenched into fists and pressed hard against his eyes. Tears spilled haphazardly onto the stones before the child and he knew exactly what memory this was. His dream was easily becoming a nightmare, and with the sleep powder resting on his forehead, he didn't know how to wake up. The smell of the tar came to him in waves that caused him to become nauseous. He knew that it wasn't real, but it was all so very sharp; from the smells to the images, it was as though he stood before his dying mother and father on the day it happened all over again. The thick black substance was up to their waists, and they were telling Guy that it was time to go. He watched the child struggle to his feet, a light panic setting in. His own heart raced and sank at the same time. Without another moment spared, Guy jumped toward the tar. In that instant, he could stand and watch no longer. And perhaps, is some way, the way one feels when trapped within a dream, he thought he could save them. Before he could even land within the sticky black trap, though, his eyes fluttered open. Gill parted the skin that served as the cover of the entrance to his hut. The hut itself was easily three times bigger than the rest of the huts any of the Croods had seen within the village up until this point. Once they had all stepped inside, the largeness of the hut was even more apparent. Grug was thankful for the extra space, as he had quite a bit of trouble remaining within the medicine woman's hut. Here, however, there was plenty of room for his hulking mass. Eep was rather impressed with the space as well. But more so for the fact that she wanted to know why they built these places and furthermore, how they built them. \"Welcome, one and all,\" Gill said as cheerfully as he could without seeming false. \"Why is this one so big?\" She finally asked. \"Ah, good question,\" he said as moved around some pelts at one end of the hut and directed them to approach. \"A topic best discussed over our food tonight. In the meantime, this is where you can sleep tonight.\" Grug inspected the pelts, fascinated by their quality. He had never had anything like this for his family to sleep on before. 'I bet Guy could figure out how to make them this way,' he thought to himself. Before either of the Neanderthals had anytime to ask another question, there was a small commotion outside within the village center. Gill smiled and waved an excited hand at the both of them. \"Come on! There is someone I want you to meet.\" The two obliged and stepped outside of the hut with Gill in the lead. Outside, in the village center, a small group of people had assembled. They were painted, carried spears, and seemed to be in their entirety, men. Eep was curious at the arrival of these people, and yet uneasy. Gill on the other hand seemed very glad at their return, and this was enough to put her had ease. Gill had not done anything to wrong her; had never been anything but honest and kind. And not just to her, but two all of the Croods that had come to reside within the confines of the village, albeit temporarily. \"Ah! Gill, there you are my son.\" A great hulking man stepped out from within the group of what now were easily identified as hunters upon further inspection. He wore many more furs than those that stood around him, and had markings upon his wrists, chest, cheeks, and brow. The man looked at Grug and Eep for a moment, a question mark written on his face. No sooner had he looked over the two, though, was his attention directed back at Gill. The two exchanged a grasping of arms before engaging in real conversation. \"Was the hunt successful?\" Gill asked with great enthusiasm. Grug had seen that look and excitement in the eyes of someone else he knew very well. He wondered why Gill had not been out hunting with the rest of the men. He appeared to be of age, and was not lame in anyway. \"It was! We spent the whole first night without even a sign of an animal. Then, Xan found tracks that led far to the south. So, we followed. For most of the next day, we grew concerned that we were following cold tracks, but then we found it. It must have been attacked by something before we got to it, though. Its left front leg was very weak, and it couldn't keep up with the herd. Lucky for us! We took the animal down in no time.\" Gills father moved his hands and body, adding to his expression of the story. Gill watched and listened in complete awe. There was a yearning behind his excitement, though. As though he had not really been allowed the thrill of the hunt as much as he would have liked. \"And who might this be?\" the man had finally decided to ask about the presence of Eep and Guy. \"Aura came upon the likes of another like us, and after him came these two. They are his family.\" Gill looked back to Eep and Grug and said, \"Guys, this is my father, Untu, chief of the village. Dad, this is Eep, and Grug,\" he said, pointing to those he was naming, respectively. The chief smiled kindly at the two and then a small sigh escaped his lips. \"Aura. Can't go on a single hunting trip without coming back to hear of her causing mischief.\" \"Heh, you know her. Can't accept her place in the tribe.\" Gill said this with pride, but somewhere, behind the glow he had in his father's presence, there was uncertainty. It was as though Auras role in everything involved Gill, as well. \"Anyways, their other tribe member is injured, and he is staying with the medicine woman. I gave them shelter with us for the night.\" The chief nodded his approval. \"Well! Don't suppose you've ever had mammoth before, eh?\" the chief asked. The two shook their heads, and in the distance they could see other hunters carrying large hunks of the animal in question into the village to be prepared. Guy clutched at his chest only to find Belt resting there. He sighed in relief, stroking the familiar fur of his best friend. The sloth look up into his eyes, and a concerned gurgle emanated from the animal. Guy smiled and slowly sat up. He had had his fill of rest and sleep and . . . dreams. He rubbed his forehead only to have it come away clean. \"It absorbs into the skin.\" The sound of a voice gave him a start. He had somehow become unaware of the medicine woman's presence. It was her hut after all. Where else would she be? \"Ahah. . . So it does.\" \"You are troubled, young one,\" she said matter-of-factly. He looked over to see that she was no longer busying herself with her collection of odds and ends, but rather sitting off to the far side of her hut. Before her was a strange collection of lines drawn into the earthen floor of her shelter. Guy tried to make sense of them but it was a senseless task. Every line crossed in and out of other lines in no certain order; or at least that was how it seemed to his untrained eye. \"Troubled?\" he asked. He gave an awkward chuckle as he crossed his legs to sit and face the medicine woman. \"I can tell that you have suffered a great loss. A loss that has weighed heavily on your mind, even if you choose not to acknowledge it.\" \"I had a strange . . . dream? Nightmare?\" Guy struggled to find the word that fit the situation most appropriately. It had all started off so well, only to become, well, painful. \"Ah, yes, mugwood root can have that consequence,\" she said, \"but, it is so good for the body.\" \"That's good?\" Guy blurted out in disbelief, referring to the dream/nightmare he had incurred. \"Does your head hurt?\" His hand instinctively found its way to the spot that should have had a small lump blooming there, but instead found smooth, unharmed skin in its place. His eyes widened a little. \"Then it is good,\" the medicine woman concluded, tilting her head down as a smirk formed on her lips.[Chapter 9] A/N: Hello, all. There is an undoubted myriad of typos within this, however someone made it clear they were especially eager to see something happen with this story. To that end I've delivered to the best of my ability. I will try to continue and complete this story. Cheers. Guy stepped out of the hut and into the setting sunlight. The medicine woman's words were still echoing through his mind as well as the dream. It left him feeling uncomfortable and uncertain. He knew there was only one person he wanted to see now, the one person who could make all of the strange feelings dissolve in an instant. She was also the person that he had seen the least in the past couple days. A shred of anxiety radiated outward from his stomach as he wondered where she might be now. He had drug her here to this new and strange world only to leave her on her own to figure it all out. \"There you are,\" a familiar voice said. Unfortunately it was not the voice he wanted to here. \"I'm supposed to bring you to dinner. Everyones just sitting down to eat.\" Aura looked as beautiful as ever, but her demeanor had changed a bit since her and Gills small fight in the medicine woman's hut. She seemed perpetually troubled, but managed to throw a small smile over it all. Guy followed her, but didn't quite walk beside her. He still wasn't sure how to read Aura, but he was almost certain that there was a lot that involved her and Gill that the rest of the Croods didn't quite know about. It didn't take long at all for the two to come upon the rest of the villagers sitting in a wide circle around a blazing fire. His eyes came to rest on Grug and then upon the face of the person he longed to see most. Eep was sitting next to Grug and she was staring at the plate in her hand, inspecting it thoroughly. All they had ever eaten off of since they'd met Guy were large leaves. Guy smiled at her lovely curiosity and moved to find a place next to her. Aura did not miss the way Guys eyes lit up when his eyes fell upon Eep. She frowned a little and glanced off to the side, looking down and away. \"Sit with me,\" she blurted as Guy was about to step away from her. He paused, but looked back at Eep. Before he could try to politely decline her offer, the Chief spoke up. \"Ah! Finally!\" his voice was loud and cheerful. \"Aura, take your place next to Gill.\" Aura opened her mouth slightly as though she were about to protest, but instead pursed her lips in dejected defeat and stepped lightly to the open space next to Gill. Guys face relaxed as he was relieved of Aura, and began to walk towards Eep. Guy and Aura's arrival had not gone unnoticed by Eep. When the Chief called attention to the two, Eep was pulled away from her plate perplexities and watched the two approach. She felt a small pang in her chest and noted that she wasn't sure she had ever really felt this way about anything before. The once neanderthal girl wondered what it was about seeing the two alone together that made her chest ache as it did. As Guy finally approached the space Grug and Eep had saved for him, Eeps heart began to race. She put all of her uncertain feelings aside and let the feeling of warmth he brought with him wash over her. Her grin was large and Guy mirrored her excitement. After spending so many years of his life wandering alone, he was sure that he would never really need the company of people again. What he had not anticipated was the fact that once you became accustomed to something that brought you so much comfort and happiness, it was hard not to miss it. \"Does your head hurt?\" Eep asked suddenly. \"No, not anymore.\" Guy was smiling wistfully as he watched Eeps eyes. Grug quickly took notice of this and put his hand on top of Guy's head, turning it straight ahead. Eep frowned and gave Grug a hard look. Grug sighed and let go of Guy's head slowly. \"Just don't get too close over there,\" Grug grumbled. Guy was about to apologize to Eep for leaving her on her own for so long when the chief's voice boomed over them all again. \"It is so good to be back with you all and to see all of your happy faces again,\" he began, standing before them all. \"I have returned to three additions to our table as well! Thank the Gods for a successful hunt!\" Some people chuckled and the chief moved on. \"I welcome you, guests, and hope that you find comfort here. Before we eat I only want to make one announcement.\" Guy noticed Aura's face go pale and Gill sat up straighter. \"Aura has come of age, and it is time for the priestess and the next chief to come together before the village. Someday you will be the pillars of your people.\" The villagers gathered cheered lightly and everyone smiled as they directed their attention to Gill and Aura. Aura looked out blankly, her true feelings burning behind her eyes. Gill looked up at his father and then out to his people proudly. Everything seemed to click into place for Guy as he realized what seemed to make Aura behave the way she did. A bit of pity washed over him for the girl. The chief took his seat and a large hunk of mammoth was placed before him. As he dug in, the rest of the people took their cue to begin eating. Grug helped himself heartily to the mammoth and made a small sound of approval as the meat slid down his palate. \"Hey! This stuff's pretty good! I wonder where we can find something like this,\" he commented as he stuffed another mouthful in. \"You must journey to the great plains beyond the village, my friend.\" The chief watched Grug eat with delite and continued to help himself. \"It takes many days to track the great beasts across the land. Perhaps you could come with us on the next hunt?\" \"Oh, uh,\" Grug swallowed the large mass of meat and choked a little. His mind raced to Ugga, Gran, Sandy, and Thunk all waiting worriedly for the rest of their families return. \"That sounds. . . like a great adventure. But our family is waiting for us.\" \"That's too bad,\" the chief said, visibly disappointed. Guy couldn't help but notice that Aura's face was also written with a negative reaction to Grugs indication that they would all be leaving in the morning. In a flash Aura had stood, abandoning her plate. The food had barely been touched, and Gill frowned after her. The chief looked as though he were about to call her back but Gill stopped him. \"Let her go.\" The chief frowned, but agreed. The rest of the evening passed rather peacefully, but the time was spent answering so many questions that Guy hardly found any time in between to talk directly to Eep. He watched as the crowd began to thin and the villagers found their way to their huts or closer to the fire to talk. \"Okay you two; hut. The sooner we sleep the sooner we can get back to everyone. They're probably worried sick.\" Grug stood and stretched, rubbing his almost painfully full stomach. The two nodded and walked to the hut they had been shown earlier to sleep. They arrived to find the place empty; the chief and Gill were still gathered with others around the fire. Guy began to wrack his brain, wondering how he was going to get to speak to Eep with some semblance of privacy. Guy flopped down onto the floor to sleep and patted the furs on either side of him. Guy obeyed and Eep rolled her eyes. Grug gave a stern look and the two of them took their places to sleep on either side of their Grug barrier. Guy closed his eyes but sleep didn't come to him easily. He danced on the precipice of it as the dream he'd had earlier that day tugged at the edges of his mind. Finally he opened his eyes and the sound of Grug's snoring filled his ears. He sat up slowly and looked around. The sleeping figures at the other end of the room indicated that the chief and Gill had finally ended the night. He stood then, slowly and walked over to Eep. She looked peaceful. Her breathing came in even waves and he almost wished he hadn't decided to wake her up. It was the only way he was going to get any kind of time alone with her, though, and so he proceeded to touch her shoulder gently. Her eyes shot open in a jolt and she leapt up defensively, but not before punching Guy in the arm. \"Owww. . . \" he whispered, trying not to make a commotion. Grug's breathing stuttered for a moment, and then he fell back into his rhythmic snoring. Eep realized what she had done and stood immediately reaching out to him. Guy put his hands to his lips to signal for her silence, and she nodded once. Her face was still painted with confusion as she looked around. Guy took her hand and motioned for her to follow. He lead her out the door and into the open air of the sleeping village. The cloudless sky was dappled with starlight and reflected beautifully in Eeps eyes. Guy pulled his gaze away from her face and continued to lead her off to the outskirts of the village. \"Where are we going?\" Eep finally asked. Her voice was a whisper and she looked a bit concerned. She wasn't sure what to expect, but she knew she would follow Guy anywhere. \"Not much farther,\" he whispered in response. And it was true. Moments later the two of them came through the narrow part of the path and were standing in a smaller rocky clearing where a waterfall rushed down into the rocks below. Eep squeezed his hand gently and smiled at the scene. The moon bathed everything in dim light, making the falls seem to glow. \"I'm sorry I woke you,\" Guy began as he sat down on one of the larger boulders. Eep followed suit and sidled up against him. He felt a warmth spread to his cheeks, as they were never really allowed this kind of privacy for closeness. As much as Grug had warmed up to Guy, he never left much time for Eep and Guy to be close, let alone alone. \"I don't mind,\" Eep said. She smiled at him gently and found his hand. She had never had much experience with romantic endeavors, and yet Guy made it all come so naturally. She felt confident in him and his feelings. Everything that she felt towards him and Aura seemed to fade into nothingness as she sat with him. \"I just. . . Well, I wanted to apologize for leaving you behind.\" Guy looked a bit guilty now but he locked eyes with Eep and searched them for hurt or anger. She shook her head slowly. \"It's okay. You came back,\" she said as she squeezed his hand in reassurance. \"I'll always come back,\" he said softly, and he meant it. Their faces drifted closer together and Guy's heart rushed in his chest. His mind echoed with an idea he'd had a few times before, but was never sure how to approach. A kiss, he was going to call it, if it worked right. As the gap between the two shortened, the leaves rustled in the obscure darkness of the jungle. Eep stiffened and looked around, searching for the source of the noise. Guy did the same, but his heart fell as little as he was sure this was going to be the precious moment he'd been anticipating. He stood, however, and packed his idea away for another time. He wasn't sure what was lurking just within the darkness, but he wasn't sure he wanted to find out. Eep however was much braver, and leapt off the boulder to inspect the sound. \"Eep, wait!\" he whispered harshly. She paused. \"It's a girl,\" she said slowly. She could see the outline of another person within the darkness. Guy came to her side and as she pulled some of the leaves aside, they both laid their eyes on Aura, crouching against a tree. ","Summary":" Life after Tomorrow Prologue: Tree branches whipped painfully across Eeps face as she ran faster, a"},{"Movie":"Devil's Carnival","Title":"The Devil's Opera","Author":"lrhaboggle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12882392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"It's a thankless job,\" Batez began, dramatically, gesturing to the poor sap who sat tied up in a chair in front of her and her partner. \"But somebody's got to do it!\" Bentz her partner responded, grabbing his nightstick before tossing Batez her own. \"Beating out the sinners one by one,\" they sang together, thumping the lad on every beat. \"Bashing out the mistakes too!\" They cackled triumphantly as the young gladhand pleaded his innocence, but the Translators merely sang over his screams. \"Keeping you from the final fall,\" Bentz began again, leering threateningly over gladhand who understood the implications. \"Saving up dictations of your sin,\" Batez chimed in, placing the good little dictation machine before the trembling boy and shoving the tube and mouth piece in his face. \"No one ever thanks us when we're done,\" Bentz added, listening to the boy all but sob his confession into the machine. Never once did he reference how lucky he was to have the Translators to set him right instead of letting him fall. Ingrates. \"How self absorbed people can be!\" Batez rolled her eyes, knowing exactly what Bentz meant. Then they noticed that the gladhand had stopped dictating. Tsk, tsk. Batez and Bentz shared a disapproving glance at the gladhand before their own song continued. \"With a thump!\" Batez sang, hitting the gladhand on the left shoulder which sent him reeling to the right. \"And a bump!\" Bentz followed up, hitting his right shoulder and sending him back to the left. \"Eenie meenie miney moe!\" Batez cackled, clubbing a part of the boy's battered body on every word. \"With a bash!\" Bentz said, knocking the boy's head. \"And a crash!\" Batez added, adding another blow. The poor fellow had rivulets of blood flooding down his face. It was amazing he was still awake. \"Returning angels good and new!\" Bentz added, pinching the boy's cheek coldly while Batez gave a mock kiss on the other cheek. He feebly swatted them both away. But of course, the translation carried on. It was like a game to the Translators. Finally, though, the boy did faint from the pain and his whole upper body was an unrecognizable mass of blood and bruises. Batez grinned sadistically before holding him by his wrists and dangling him along as though he were a puppet. \"It's a thankless job!\" she began. \"But somebody's got to do it!\" Bentz replied. \"Got to do it!\" Batez's voice rose in pitch as she pretended to make the unconscious boy sing. Bentz laughed manically at the sight. \"Like a mop!\" Batez sang. \"Like a mop!\" the puppet sang. \"And a broom!\" Bentz added, eager to see the twisted puppet sing again. \"And a broom!\" Batez did not disappoint, making her voice even squeakier than ever. \"No one wants a thankless job!\" the trio sang in operatic voice, then the Translation finally ended. With the translation over and the boy unconscious, the Translators had run out of things to do. Batez let the boy slump over in his seat with a look of disdain and Bentz took her nightstick, swiping clean and tossing it aside. It was a very anticlimactic end to what had been an intense, near psychotic translation. AN: While comparing Repo to TDC, I realized how much Thankless Job fit the Translators. Do you see it now too?[Chapter 2] AN: This chapter and the next few were requested by inquiete. Hope you like them and thank you for all of your reviews. You're the best! \"Out from the night, from the mists steps a figure. No one really knows his name for sure. He stands at 6'6\" head and shoulders! Pray he never comes knocking at your door…\" Ticket Keeper's raspy voice echoed Hell's carnival. He was not singing to any particular audience. On the contrary, he was singing to all of Hell itself and to any unlucky mortal whose soul had been caught up in the carnival's merciless spokes. The reason he chose such a scary and warning tune for tonight's song was not to inspire fear into his listeners, but instead to warn them of what was coming. He wanted to cry out to them, to beg them to run and hide or to behave and understand the severities of their sin. But no, he knew better. Eons in Hell had taught him that mankind would never change. Not as long as God had the reigns. But as it seemed that God would be in control for quite awhile longer, Ticket Keeper could only warn the damned through songs, hoping against hope that they would hear. Tonight's song was about his own personal assistant, Tamer. The Tamer functioned as Hell's entire police force, his bear-like physique and temperament keeping carnie and sinner alike in check. Tonight, Ticket Keeper had witnessed some foolish young woman attempting to steal jewelry off of one of the carnival's many stands. It had been a very clumsy attempt, the woman clearly not realizing that she was being watched at all times. Now she was going to pay the price for her sins. The Tamer was coming. If only she would repent! Cast away the jewels and beg for forgiveness! Perhaps she could escape the Tamer's wrath. \"Say that you once stole a gem or new jewelry,\" Ticket Keeper rumbled, hoping the words would reach the foolish woman in time. \"But you can never manage to pay off eternal debts! He won't bother to write or to phone you He'll just rip the still-beating heart from your chest!\" as these words left Ticket Keeper's aged, wrinkled lips, a sound like a knife scraping across stone echoed the carnival. \"Hell's Tamer! Hell's Tamer!\" the singers were unseen, even by Ticket Keeper, but that didn't matter. A far more terrible sight was coming. It was Ticket Keeper's assistant himself, in the flesh, torn up and bloody as it was. He walked with a heavy step, lumbering slowly after the unsuspecting woman. As she continued to plunder and pillage, Tamer growled angrily. A Morningstar was slung over his shoulder, its chain rattling ominously. Ah! At last! Now the woman noticed him! But too late. She finally caught a glimpse of Tamer's hulking and angry finger out of the corner of her eye and even though she was smart enough to know that she was in serious trouble, she was not smart enough to realize that it was over for her. She tried to run, but her stolen treasures weighed her down. Tamer did not need to increase his speed all that much in order to keep up with her. Repo man! Repo man! \"Now you can run, you can hide, you can try to. But he always has a way of finding you!\" Ticket Keeper promised as the woman continued to flee, finally making it out of Tamer's line of sight. But the game wasn't over. No. It was only just beginning. \"He will come at your weakest hour, when no one's around who might rescue you!\" \"Hell's Tamer, Hell's Tamer!\" At last, the woman managed to escape into what she thought was an abandoned tent. She was breathing hard. If only she could cast aside the jewels! If only she would cast aside all of her earthly vices and sins! Then she would be light enough to escape! But no, clever as this woman was, it never once occurred to her that the only thing preventing her from escape was her own greed, weighing her down. Tamer appeared suddenly in the opening of the tent. While the woman was still bent over, panting, Tamer continued to move with an eerily slow and confident stride. The woman heard him enter and she looked up, horrified. She began to beg for mercy, or help, anything! But no one was around to rescue her. As her pleas grew more frantic, Tamer only drew ever-closer, finally slinging his Morningstar off his shoulder. \"And none of us are free from this horror,\" Ticket Keeper sang sadly once Tamer finished his work, leaving behind smashed and torn up remains of what had once been a very beautiful woman. Now, she was scattered about in a squalor of her own blood and gold, lost in her own sin as pieces of her lay scattered across the floor. Tamer had gone, duty finished, but Ticket Keeper remained, inspecting the gory aftermath. \"For many years ago, we all fell in debt. New salvation was needed to perfect our image, and until our debts are clear, we will live in fear of old-\" \"Hell's Tamer! Hell's Tamer!\" As other, more minor carnies swept in to clean away the mess of the woman, Tamer continued to walk the carnival, his endless rounds still taken with severity and cruel efficiency. It was quite like the circular nature of life itself. As gruesome as this woman's death had been, no one was phased by it. They were all too used to it. It might've been the woman's first time here as an individual, but the story was still the same. It was a soul weighed down by green, sentenced to the lower pits of Hell because she was too heavy to ascend into God's kingdom. Then again, if the rumors were true, things were not much better Up Town than they were here down below. No, none of them would ever truly be free of the horror of God and his twisted creations. They would all perpetually live in fear of sin and so long as sin existed, as did a punishment, as did an avenging angel. AN: This is pretty self-explanatory. The Tamer is Hell's police force and is after a thief. Ticket Keeper tries to warn her, but she doesn't hear his cries and ends up paying a high price. This does compare Tamer to Repo Man, but both are very mysterious and imposing figures with a very violent tendency and a desire to collect on past dues, and what is a sinner's punishment but retribution for the crimes they committed in life and got away with? Tamer and Repo Man both act as avenging angels, debt collectors. Just pray they never come knocking at your door.[Chapter 3] \"Wait! Where are we going? Where are you taking me?\" Tamara demanded, but her mysterious companion did not reply. Instead, he only continued to drag her through this strange, carnival-esque place. She wanted dearly to stop him and demand a straight answer, but at the same time, she had the feeling that he knew this place far better than she ever would. As suspicious as it was, it meant he was her only chance of escape. If trusting him for a little while was what she had to do, then so be it. After a brisk jog past several tents, Tamara found herself being dragged into an empty plane. \"What are we doing here? Where are we?\" Tamara repeated her question. Then, all of a sudden, someone grabbed Tamara's shoulder. She yelped in surprise and whipped around, jumping back again in fear when she got a look at who it was that had touched her. It was a tiny girl who looked about her age, but her face was covered in white paint, save for a red dot on the nose and mascara running down the cheeks. She had wild dark hair and wore nothing but a leotard. \"How old are you?\" she slurred. \"16,\" Tamara replied, taking another wary step back. The clown-girl gave a laugh that sounded like a hyena. \"I had my first religious fallout when I was 13,\" she cackled. \"Thanks to God's 'Grace', I couldn't feel or remember a thing. A month later? I was turning tricks…\" she gave Tamara a horrendous smile before doing a handspring away from her and back towards her companion. \"Eew,\" Tamara cringed, shuddering in disgust. What had that girl even meant? Religious fallout? God's Grace? She turned towards her companion, hoping he'd have an answer, but when she turned again to find him, he had suddenly been swarmed by a bunch of other clown-freaks. Tamara gasped lightly. Where had they all come from? It was like they'd just teleported in out of thin air. One second, it had just been him and her, and now, there was at least 15 people crawling around him like dogs begging their master for a slab of meat. \"What-?\" she began to ask, but her companion only raised his head, gave her a relaxed expression, and hushed her. Then, he turned back down to the clowns crawling all around his feet and he began to purr. \"Drug market, sub-market. Sometimes I wonder why I ever got in. Blood market, love market. Sometimes I wonder why they need me at all!\" his face suddenly contorted into a fury as he pushed one of the clowns away, but then the anger was gone as soon as it had come and he whipped out a large bottle of alcohol from his leather jacket. Where had he been storing that? \"God's Grace comes in a shiny glass bottle!\" he sang, looking over at her whilst waving the large bottle high. The clowns suddenly increased in energy, gasping in delight as the glass glittered in the dim, red light. \"A shiny glass bottle?\" Tamara echoed in confusion. This was too weird. All she'd wanted was a way home! \"A shiny glass bottle!\" the clowns all replied in a creepy unison, painted faces turning to look at Tamara as they said this. \"And that shiny glass bottle pours into a mug oh-so easily and then the God's Grace mug burns all down through your anatomy and when the 'Grace' kicks in, it sparks and you're ready for eternity!\" Tamara's companion continued to dance around, pulling mugs out of his coat now too and passing them out to any clown with cash. He filled up mug after mug with his shiny glass bottle and every clown who received some of that alcohol tipped the entire mug back and downed the whole thing within seconds. Tamara, herself, wasn't offered even a single drop, but she could feel it in the air that something was changing. Something psychedelic was happening. All of the clowns looked almost hypnotized as they finished off their drinks and Tamara could almost feel a sleepiness washing over the crowd. Suddenly, then, a cruel voice split the air and every head turned to see a new clown joining the party. This clown looked more like a doll, but the closer she got, the more horrific she looked. Tamara could see a score of cracks and cuts running all around the left half of her face and her eye was a frighteningly bright blue. It didn't look real! But her right eye, the real one, was no less haunting. It was far too moving and calculating for Tamara to feel comfortable under its hazel scrutiny. This pale, doll-like woman limped over to Tamara's companion, Scorpion (come to think of it, he'd never given her a name! How odd…) and grinned seductively up at him, tilting her head back sensually. Tamara could hear the sound of more bones (or porcelain?) cracking as she did this. \"Scorpion, Scorpion… Sometimes I wonder if I'll be forgiven. Scorpion, Scorpion. Sometimes I wonder why I need you at all!\" her voice became more parched and aggressive as she sang this line, finally grabbing Scorpion by the lapels of his leather coat and pulling him in close. Scorpion didn't miss a beat, spinning her around in his muscled arms. \"And Painted Doll is addicted to her strife!\" Scorpion continued. \"Addicted to her strife?\" Tamara echoed. What did that even mean? \"Addicted to her strife!\" the rest of the group confirmed obediently. \"But addicted to her strife, she needs a little help with the agony,\" Scorpion remarked. \"Agony!\" the doll in question echoed, bending backwards in Scorpion's arm and putting a hand over her face in mock distress. \"But that little help comes in a shiny glass bottle in a mug burning through her anatomy,\" Scorpion told everyone in attendance, whipping out an especially large mug and filling it to the brim with this blood-red drink. \"And when the 'Grace' kicks in, my Doll, is ready for eternity!\" he cackled and she downed the entire mug within the few seconds it took him to sing this line. The effects were nigh-instantaneous. She began to sway and hum, eyes half shut as she crooned to Scorpion. \"Scorpion, Scorpion… Sometimes I wonder if I'll be forgiven. Scorpion, Scorpion. Sometimes I wonder why I need you at all!\" As the stench of the spirits grew stronger and stronger with every mug downed, even Tamara began to feel a bit woozy. Not a single drop of 'Grace' had passed her pink lips, but she was still feeling its effects and, wow, was it strong! She suddenly felt like she was floating on air, like her physical body had just evaporated away, leaving behind only a soul. It was strange but not entirely unpleasant. Tamara allowed the heavy smell of alcohol and the lightweight feeling of her body to combine in her swirling, spinning head. She could see from the looks of almost-ecstasy from the others that actually drinking this stuff would've produced a far greater effect. It's clean, it's clear, it's pure, it's rare, it takes you there!\" the clowns all murmured in a monotonous chorus. \"It's what?\" Tamara asked. \"It takes you there,\" Scorpion replied, presently the only fully sober one still within the crowd. \"It what?\" Tamara repeated. The more she heard herself speak, the more alert and worried she felt. \"It takes you there,\" Scorpion repeated as well, still trying to sooth her with a gentle voice and reassuring words. \"After the fall, why agonize? Anesthetize! Cause eternity, eternity, is all we have. Grace changes inside, helps us feel…alive!\" The overall haziness of the group continued and jumbled chorus about feeling 'nothing at all' because there was 'grace for sale' which helped one cope with 'eternity' echoed around the circle of drunken clowns. At last, though, Scorpion whistled out a tune and Tamara had a burst of clarity. It was like hearing those simple few notes had pierced her mind and freed her from the fog. \"Hey, that's Heaven's songs!\" she muttered. Bad choice of words. \"Who did that?!\" Painted Doll demanded, voice harsh and loud once more. \"She did,\" Scorpion replied calmly, pointing at Tamara. Tamara looked at him angrily, but before she could speak, Painted Doll lunged at her. \"So you think you got hearts? So you think you got balls? So you think God can sing?\" she demanded. \"I don't think nothing at all!\" Tamara tried to reassure her, taking a step back, but Painted Doll only took another step forward in return. \"So you think God has pipes?\" she shrieked. \"Well, it's our turn to shine… When old Lucifer strikes!\" \"What are you talking about?\" Tamara was mystified. Was she in some Bible Belt state? Because she'd never heard so many Biblical references in one setting, except at the rare church service she attended. Painted Doll gave Tamara a scornful look before tossing her a pamphlet. \"Life's contract's got some mighty fine print,\" Scorpion explained as Tamara read the pamphlet. \"Some mighty fine print?\" Tamara echoed, trying to make sense of the 666 Rules and the War on Heaven. \"Some mighty fine print!\" some of the clowns echoed. \"And that mighty fine print puts man in a mighty fine predicament,\" Scorpion continued. \"If one sins and kicks the soul is forfeit but if Satan and Keeper so will it, then our vengeance will come and God'll pay for eternity, eternity!\" he continued to chat this concept of Lucifer overthrowing God to rewrite the rules of Hell and who is sent there but then, suddenly, a bear of a man appeared out of nowhere. Seeing him struck fear into the hearts of even the drunkest of clowns and suddenly, it was a mad dash to get out of there. Suddenly, Tamara felt herself begin dragged along by the arm again, Scorpion doing the pulling as he continued to gloat over Hell's plan against Heaven. In the background, Tamara could still hear strains of the drunken song, \"I can't feel nothing at all…\" AN: This was a very far-fetched idea, but it's basically TDC Zydrate Anatomy where Scorpion leads Tamara in circles in Hell to confuse her and they end up meeting Wick, Painted Doll, and others. Here, Scorpion is an alcohol dealer, 'Grace' being a very intoxicating type of drink that only Hell can make. It is considered off limits without permission, hence Tamer showing up at the end. It basically behaves the way Zydrate does, giving even the most damned of souls a sense of salvation. It's meant to entice them to war. It's meant to be like a, \"So you've tasted Heaven in this little bottle. Can you imagine how much better the real thing is?\" type deal. Sorry if it seems a bit forced in some areas, but hey, I gave it a shot (LOL).[Chapter 4] Agent stood before God's throne room, trembling. He knew he was in for it. Even though his last transgression had been years ago, protesting about June's exile, the wounds were still fresh in his mind and it was showing in his work ethic. He knew God would call him in to \"talk\" about it eventually, but having to actually go through with it was harder than expected. Worst of all, though, God had decided that the best way for Agent to get over June was to practice casting her out himself, but as she was already in Hell, Agent would be practicing on a June-look alike. That was right. God was going to have him beat up some June-look alike in order to get over the real June. What a sick thing to do! But it was God's orders and Agent had to carry out his instructions to the letter. He had to stay forever faithful to the format… But it still hurt his heart deeply, knowing what God was having him do now. He'd seen this June-clone's files. Her name was Emily and she was, as far as Agent could tell, guilty only of a minor sin. The punishment Agent was expected to give to her was far too high, but did he dare tell God that God was going against his own standards in punishment? No. He didn't dare. So he would obey. He would hurt this innocent girl to please his master. God always came first. \"Dear Emily, I am so sorry, can you forgive me for this?\" Agent whispered as he reached God's office doors. They swung open, a billowing breeze beckoning him inward. Incense and hymn tunes were carried on that breeze, but the beauty of it was lost on Agent. All he could smell was decay and all he could hear were dying whispers and desperate murmurs… \"Now, my top angel with the well-used Bible, here's our next conquest, will she live?\" God sang out the moment Agent set foot in the room. He looked around. A circular area had been cleared out entirely. In the center of the circle, sobbing and on her knees, was the angel known as Emily. She was begging, crying out to Agent. She had a gag in her mouth, so he didn't know exactly what she was saying, but at the same time, he had a pretty good guess. Then, all around Emily, on the edge of the circle, stood all of Agent's comrades. He saw God standing at the head of the circle, surrounded by Librarian, Designer, Watchword. But where were the-? \"Doubtful!\" two eerily cheery voices echoed from behind Agent. He turned his head to see the Translators standing at the door, chewing happily away at their gum while grinning like the psychopaths they were. Agent fought hard not to look at them with all the disgust he felt for them. \"You're the head of God's pets, working his behest!\" another voice declared. It was Librarian, standing proud and tall, arms crossed over his large chest. He was looking at Agent with a gaze that seemed to say, \"You are the best of us all! Show us how it is done, for it is both your duty and honor to serve the Lord with ALL of your heart…\" \"He'll set you straight, like the Fallen. Ha! You like that?\" yet another voice added. It was Designer, kneeling down in front of Emily and grabbing her chin mockingly. Agent had to look away. He didn't like seeming women being manhandled. \"Better start praying when you see him coming!\" God agreed with Designer, making sure to note the irony of praying against one of God's divine judgments. It was sickening to watch. \"'Cause tonight it's curtains!\" one of the Translators declared. \"You're the Avenger!\" the other echoed. Agent felt that Translator slap him playfully on the back and, without meaning to, Agent jerked away. \"Remember who you are,\" several unseen angels warned Agent when he made this minor error. \"I remember...\" Agent replied brokenly. \"Remember what you did to June!\" the voices repeated. \"Remember who you are.\" \"I remember...\" Agent repeated, just a little bit more desperate than before. \"To your knife!\" Librarian interrupted, tossing Agent the golden staff he used to cleanse Heaven's books. As he threw it, it morphed into a golden dagger the size of Agent's forearm. It had a wickedly sharp tip. Emily screamed through her gag when she saw its hungry glow. \"See it glide!\" Batez admired the weapon, stepping closer to Agent. \"See it slice!\" Bentz agreed, mirroring his wife's movements. \"Who's your Avenger?\" the chorused. \"Hope you've prayed for mercy!\" Watchword remarked, daring to take a photo of Emily while Agent stood over her regretfully, knife in hand. \"Or it's buon viaggi!\" Designer waved his mirror at the girl. \"He'll reduce you to ashes!\" Batez encouraged. The knife Agent held seemed to glow brighter as she said this, like it was responding to the idea. \"Am-pu-ta-tion!\" Bentz cheered. He and his wife could wait no longer. They began to physically push Agent forward, but he resisted. \"Remember who you are!\" God warned, finally speaking up after watching most of the proceedings in a gloating silence, reveling in the terror of Emily and the guilt and shame of Agent. \"I remember,\" Agent promised lowly, looking at his feet. \"Remember what you did to June!\" the unseen angels sang. In the back of his mind, Agent realized he was hearing his own thoughts being sung aloud. It was also then that he realized that they sounded just like June and that other girl that always hung out with her. Wasn't her name Cora? Or something like that? Even though Agent hardly knew Cora, he knew what pain he'd caused the girl the moment he allowed June to fall to Hell. It seemed that her voice was condemning Agent for his inaction just as much as God and all of his comrades were. \"Remember who you are!\" God repeated the longer Agent stood about, refusing to do away with Emily like he was supposed to. How was that boy, his top man, supposed to get back to serving him if he couldn't stop moping about that little filly who had barely even lasted a day in Heaven? This had to stop and it had to stop NOW. \"I remember,\" Agent promised again, louder now. \"Remember what you did to June!\" Agent's conscience, in the voices of Cora and June herself, echoed. This painful back and forth between God, Agent and Agent's own psyche carried on for a bit longer before Agent finally fell to his knees in defeat. \"I REMEMBER!\" he wailed. \"I remember every dying whisper, every desperate murmur. I remember as I gaze upon her, she looks just like June... I remember! I remember...!\" Agent forced himself to swallow down all feelings of pity and empathy. He tried to force himself to go back to that night when he lost June. This time, though, she was no victim. She was the instigator! He forced himself to see that awful night with new eyes. This time, he had been a martyr and she, a foolish sinner whose selfish desires would've brought Heaven crashing down. He was trying to shift the blame of that night onto June herself. For better or worse, it was working. His own mental wiring was rewriting what had happened that night and, suddenly, June was the only one to blame for what happened. \"I remember working every sinner with acute precision,\" Agent growled, bringing out a side of himself that hadn't been needed in nearly 2000 years. It was the True Avenging Angel within him, not just the mild-mannered lapdog that followed God around to heed his every beck and call. Instead, Agent was bringing out the warrior in himself. The champion of God who had conquered hordes of demons in His glorious name. \"I remember every time I hold you, my dear companion!\" he spoke to Librarian's dagger and suddenly, it began to glow again, turning into a full sword, gleaming with the golden rays of God's almighty power. Emily began to panic, struggling to get up and run, but being bound and gagged meant that she could barely stand up, let alone run. She did manage to get to her feet, but one of the Translators stepped forward and shoved her back down. She could only look up hopeless into the eyes of Agent and pray that she would find God's mercy and grace. There was none. Instead, all she saw was righteous anger and the divine justice of a ruthless deity. She gave one last piteous moan before Agent brought the burning sword down in a glittering arch of gold. \"I remember…. I DISMEMBER!\" he bellowed, cleaving Emily almost entirely in half. \"Cause this God's servant gives no anesthetic! Too many sins delinquent gets you Heaven's treatment!\" Agent continued to swing his sword, cutting deeper and deeper into Emily's flesh until there was nothing left. Blood flew across the entire length of God's office and God watched, laughing. Librarian had a satisfied expression upon his face while Designer and Watchword both were leering down as their comrade finally lost the last of his sanity. Watchword made sure to snap a few photos to remind Heaven just how lucky they were that God didn't just do this to all of them the moment they sinned. Instead, he would wait until several transgressions. That was mercy right there! The Translators, meanwhile, were almost as crazed as Agent, the smell and sight of blood triggering their most barbaric natures. It was all they could do not just to jump in and help Agent finish what he'd started, but they knew that this was strictly an intervention for Agent. They were not allowed to help in this translation. \"I'm the winged horror on your street corner! Make your mama mourn ya!\" Agent continued, still working himself up over Emily's slushed-up remains. His wings had come out from his back in his rage, the last of his control slipping away entirely. All around him, he could hear his comrades cheering and, oh, wasn't it glorious!? They were all singing with him… \"I'm the AVENGER!\" Agent finally wore down the last of his temper, sword shrinking back into the simple wand it usually was. It slipped from his hand and hit the ground with a clatter. Everyone was breathing hard. Agent, covered in blood, took a look at the pile of torn red flesh, strands of blond hair mixed in with shredded organ and shattered bone fragments. Yeah, that's right! She deserved it! The sinner! The dirty, rotten whore! Agent thought cruelly as he admired his handiwork. God, meanwhile, was smiling serenely. His intervention had worked. There was no way Agent would ever spend his nights crying for June anymore! God hadn't seen his top man act that vengeful since one of the mini rebellions against Hell. What an excellent show! But then, the longer Agent stared at Emily's pile, the more time he had for his sanity and humanity to return to him. Eventually, the full horror of what he had done sank in and it was all he could do not to scream, cry, puke, or just faint. Instead, he forced himself to stand up straight. He looked his God and father dead in the eyes, but said nothing. Instead, he only hoped that the pain and grief would be enough. Then, without another sound, he turned around, turning away from God and from his comrades and from Emily. He turned away from himself and headed towards God's office doors. He left through those doors, ignoring the looks of confusion and worry his comrades were giving him. Instead, he could only hear June and Emily, both screaming out for the help he had so cruelly denied them. \"I remember…\" AN: As you can see, this is TDC Night Surgeon. It's darker than any of the other song crossover fics, but that's for obvious reasons. I have always seen Agent as Nathan, especially if you see TDC 2 as a Repo prequel (God is Rotti, June is Marni, Cora is Mag). This is just how God forces Agent to get over June. It is something brutal enough God/Rotti would do. Oh, and if you notice, Publicist isn't in here. In Night Surgeon, Amber is the only Largo not to attend Nathan's breakdown. I know it's because she had a surgery she needed to get, but I heard someone say that it was because, as evil as the Largos are, Nathan's killing would've been too much for Amber to handle. I wanted Publicist ot be the same way. It's always been my belief that everything he does, all his laughs and smiles, are genuine. He legitimately loves God and Heaven and is totally unaware of the true evil lurking in Heaven's hallowed halls. (And this fic does reference the idea that Agent and the others are real Biblical angels with Agent possibly being the Archangel Michael, who was a warrior. Agent is just Michael's toned down form). Anyways, just wanted to share this with you. Hope it wasn't too dark or depressing. ","Summary":" \"It's a thankless job,\" Batez began, dramatically, gesturing to the poor sap who sat tied up in a"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"After the Storm","Author":"Spaceman727","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8789802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dr Vera Gorski was having a paperwork fuelled nightmare. Sat at her desk skimming through the seemingly endless piles of paper she couldn't help but think that the attempted escape of Babydoll and her friends would have a lasting effect on the atmosphere around Lennox House. It seemed as though Babydoll had taken a part of many of the men who worked there, in some cases more literally than others. There was the chef, a repulsive man who still hadn't replaced his missing knife, one of the guards who's new lighter was a comparatively understated accessory, and of course, Blue Jones who had literally lost a chunk of flesh from his shoulder. The memory of that made Dr Gorski smile a little, at least until her mind wandered back to the fate that had befallen the poor Babydoll. Dr Gorski, however, was totally unaware of how much another man had lost after becoming involved in Babydoll's world. Corporal Jack Tennison was a man who had the air of an officer of a much higher rank than his own, yet he had recently become very distant again. He was aware of his lack of interest in the world: losing everyone you care about could do that to a man like him. He had been in Vietnam for several years. He had seen and experienced horrific things, but as he sat in the car heading towards Lennox House it was not these things that bothered him. He had many regrets in his life, but none of them were related to his decisions and experiences in war. It was a grey day, but there was no rain. He never remembered Vermont like this. But he knew all too well that the past appears ever brighter whilst the present and future appear increasingly bleak. Jack was staring out of the window; he noticed that the ground was still wet from the rain that was no longer falling. He realised something had just happened, he turned around and the driver had stopped. \"We're here.\" The driver said, fed up, he must have been repeating himself. Jack shook his head at his own foolishness, cracked a friendly smile at the driver, apologised and left the car. He looked at the sign by the entrance, made of cold, hard stone. It read: \"Lennox House for the Mentally Insane, Brattleboro, Vermont\". The corporal was wearing his military uniform, mainly because it was his way of merging the two separate lives he had lived up to now. He approached the large wooden doors of the entrance, not bothering to study the architecture of the place. He was greeted by Dr Gorski, an attractive woman to say the least, but she had weariness in her eyes that took something away from her appearance to him. \"Hello Mr Tennison, I believe we spoke on the phone?\" She said in her thick accent, as she held her hand out to him and smiled. Jack took her hand and shook it firmly. \"Yes, we did.\" He smiled back. \"Such a shame, what happened to that poor little babydoll.\" \"Yeah, it is.\" Dr Gorski felt a little guilty at this, but she noticed how his voice hardened at the mention of the girl. \"I won't pry any further. And although you can visit her, there will not be much left of however you knew her.\" Jack just nodded. He was looking at a guard with a lighter. The guard had a look in his eye that Jack knew all too well. Jack took an instant dislike to the man and shot him a venomous look in return. As Jack and Dr Gorski entered the main section of the building, he looked at the cook who was running his thumb over the empty sheathe for a missing kitchen knife. Dr Gorski brought Jack into the room and left without saying another word.[Chapter 2] He looked around the grey room, unable to set his eyes upon the girl in the chair opposite him. He sat down on the cold metal chair and looked directly into her beautiful green eyes. He looked around again, and saw himself somewhere else entirely. He was in a large black room, somehow illuminated, but he couldn't see any lights. She was collapsed on the floor weeping, head in her hands. He approached her slowly as he realised he was now in her imagination. It was completely silent aside from the sound of her desperate sobs. He placed his hand on her shoulder with a gentleness he thought was long gone. She turned to look at him, her eyes glistening from the tears that were no longer falling. She looked completely speechless, although Jack thought that he was the reason she had been crying. He wouldn't have blamed her, he thought to himself with bitterness. She got up and wrapped her arms around him. Jack closed his eyes and saw her sat in the grey room when he opened them again. She wasn't there at all, a vacant half smile on her face. He swore he saw the corner of her mouth twitch slightly, but he knew the tricks that wishful thinking could play on one's senses. He brought himself to look at her properly now. Her blonde hair framed her almost angelic face was worn in two long pigtails and her fringe hugged the left side of her face, following the curve of her cheek. Her body was slight; she was both small and slender with the grace of a ballet dancer. She looked much younger than she was. If he didn't know better Jack would have assumed that she was just an innocent schoolgirl. But he knew she was both a lover and a fighter, and fierce in both. The memory of that brought a grin to his face, the likes of which hadn't played across his face since he spent that very night with her. Well, that and the nights he had spent with his squad in Vietnam during his time off: when the lot of them would go out, get terribly drunk and flirt with every girl within a 5 mile radius of the bar they had just been in. He took himself back into the present, the grey room, beginning to notice the remains of faded paint, noticing that the walls were once blue. He looked into her eyes again… Babydoll could have sworn she'd seen him, if only for a split second. She can't have been imagining it could she? He was there, and suddenly he was gone again. She wanted to cry again, but she couldn't. She'd cried enough over him. Jack found himself back in the black room. He decided that wherever he was, he wanted to stay there. If she was still there to any degree in this place, it would be worth staying. He noticed that she was looking at him, almost studiously. She was the first to speak. \"It's really you? I'm not making this up, am I?\" \"Yeah, Babydoll. It's me.\" \"That's what you called me, wasn't it? When we were together?\" \"Yeah.\" \"It's ok. I'm not leaving again. I'm never going to do that to you. Not again.\" He said, his deep and usually hard voice lost its edge and became soothing. She felt her pain ease as he said this. \"We have some demons to face, don't we?\" came a different voice, one familiar to both Jack and Babydoll. He removed his arms from around her and his jaw dropped when he saw who it was. \"Surprised?\" the Wise Man asked with a grin. Jack looked at Babydoll, speechless. \"Cat got your tongue? You always were the quiet one.\" the Wise Man said, a nostalgia in his voice. \"I… I watched you die. You saved me. You sacrificed your own life on the battlefield for me. I took orders from you. How?\" Jack was stumbling over the thoughts whirling around his head like small tornados. Now Babydoll was looking for answers. \"Who is this man? He's been my guardian angel this whole time.\" She asked. \"He was my CO during my first year of the war. I was throwing a grenade, but it was a dud. The fuse was shorter than it should have been. The second I pulled the pin he somehow knew. He snatched it right out of my hands and jumped over the top of it, taking the whole blast.\" Jack recalled. Jack turned to the Wise Man now. \"You died for me. I was just a private. No family left and I'd pushed away the only woman who'd ever loved me. What made you think I was worth that kind of sacrifice?\" Jack asked him. \"That's something that will come to light in due time.\" the Wise Man said, with a knowing smile. \"Well, what made you help me?\" Babydoll asked the Wise Man. \"I'd died for him and I knew he had only one person he cared about anymore. You. I decided to help you because I knew you were a soldier at heart too.\" the Wise Man said. \"How did you know?\" Jack asked. \"You may have never mentioned her, but I saw that photograph you were always looking at. I knew something must have happened between the two of you.\" the Wise Man explained.[Chapter 3] Jack pulled the photo from his shirt pocket and unfolded it. In it was a beautiful young woman with skin like porcelain, long dark brown hair and a fragile demeanour, with eyes of a green so deep and striking that emeralds would have been put to shame. Babydoll took it from his hand, her fingers brushing against his. She was stunned. \"Why do you still have this?\" Babydoll asked him. \"It may have ended badly, but it didn't change anything about how I felt.\" Jack replied. Babydoll looked at him and he saw the look in her eye he'd been longing to see for years. A new voice cleared its throat loudly. A female. Babydoll turned around and saw a pretty young woman with cropped blonde-brown hair, grinning. \"Rocket!\" Babydoll exclaimed, ecstatically while running to hug her. Rocket continued grinning. Jack couldn't help but like her sunny smile and the air of happiness around her. Jack's eyes then fell to a wound in her stomach, slightly to the left. \"I thought you were dead!\" Babydoll said, laughing. \"I am.\" Rocket replied, her grin softening to a smile. The laughter stopped. \"The imagination is a powerful thing.\" Rocket said in her soft voice. \"Where's my hug?\" yet another voice asked. This voice belonged to a beautiful, Asian woman who had a bandage around her head at about temple height, a red dot of blood coming from her forehead and a friendly smile. Jack knew it was an exit wound. \"Amber! Blondie!\" Babydoll exclaimed again. Jack then noticed the other girl with black hair, a harsh face and a bandage covering a bullet wound somewhere around her chest. Babydoll ran to hug the Asian woman, Amber and then also hugged Blondie. \"Where's Sweet Pea?\" Babydoll asked, unable to hide her grin. \"She's free. She doesn't need to fight anymore. You saved her.\" Rocket said, gently. \"Which means we have one more fight…\" the Wise Man said. Everyone nodded. \"Babydoll, once you're free. We're all free. You have to revisit the battles you have already fought and retrieve a golden thread. It is your decision what to do with them. If you cut them, you will be in paradise. No pain. No memories of everything that has ever happened to you. If you put them together, you will be back into the real world until you die.\" the Wise Man said. \"Oh, and one more thing… Give those bastards hell.\" The Wise Man added, smiling. Jack and the girls were suddenly ready. Babydoll in her almost naval outfit, pistol and sword at the ready. Rocket in an outfit which looked like that of a field medic, fiddling with her flintlock pistol. Amber was fitting her small black pistol together, her uniform reminiscent of a pilot. Blondie, wearing her leather suit and goggles looked down the sights of her large assault rifle and clicked the safety off. Jack was now wearing his combat fatigues, an M16 slung across his shoulder and his favourite bolt action sniper rifle in his hands. He dropped the rifle slightly and put his hand to his hips, where he found a sleek black revolver. He smiled. \"Not bad…\" He said with a laugh. Jack was shook by the explosion of a biplane as Blondie shot it down with her rifle, riddling it with holes. The helicopter dropped. Amber landed the helicopter on the dirt of no-man's land. Babydoll, Rocket and Jack jumped out of the helicopter. \"Blondie! Take the 50 cal!\" Amber shouted as they took off again. Blondie sprinted to the gun mounted on the side of the helicopter. The rest of the group could hear nothing as Blondie shot down biplanes in a seemingly endless hail of bullets. Jack pulled his sniper rifle out and looked upwards, tracking a biplane behind the helicopter. He pushed his aim ahead of the plane and further upwards. He squeezed the trigger and the pilot died, a burst of steam coming out of the side of its head. It dropped and exploded, rattling the helicopter. \"Shit!\" Amber screamed down her microphone. She heard the sound of Jack laughing and couldn't help but grin. Undead German soldiers had surrounded the group. Babydoll took at them with a speed and grace matched by very few fighters Jack had ever seen. She sliced across the throat of one and continued the swing in a slight downwards arc, splitting another enemy almost in two. She whirled around with a kick to one behind her, pulled her pistol and fired a bullet into its forehead as it hit the ground. Rocket had pulled out her small knife and was lacerating the various undead soldiers surrounding her with fast and shallow but frequent slices. Jack was tackled to the floor by an undead man built like a tank. Jack was a strong, muscular man but he stood no chance against this abomination in hand-to-hand combat and they both knew it. Jack brought his fist up to its chin, knocking it off of him as it grabbed for its pistol. Jack pulled his revolver out and fired 2 shots rapidly into it. It fell, but he didn't trust it. Jack holstered his revolver and grabbed for his M16. The undead creature was getting to its feet. Jack smashed the butt of his rifle against the side of the thing's head, felling it again. He jabbed his bayonet into the monster's back several times. It let out puffs of steam and he was satisfied that it would stay dead this time. He whirled round and fired a burst of bullets into the creature behind him, ejecting steam so much it completely obscured Jack's vision. He put his M16 away and pulled his sniper rifle again. As the steam cleared he found a group of enemies 8 strong which had weapons trained on Babydoll and Rocket, who were pressed against the side of the trench. Jack knew his rifle only contained 7 rounds at a time. One of which he had already used. The creatures were unaware of him. He rapidly fired his shots, missing once, pulling the bolt back each time. He threw the rifle to the floor, pulled his revolver and advanced. One of the soldiers not wearing a helmet showed a genuine fear of the look of pure anger and hatred across Jack's face. He fired the revolver, dropping one of the soldiers. He stepped forward again, fired at another one who had grabbed Rocket and put its weapon to her head. He hit it in the elbow. It dropped its weapon and Rocket laid into it with a flurry of punches. She grabbed its arm and twisted, throwing it to the floor. Rocket then placed her flintlock pistol to its head and fired. The remaining creature ran. Babydoll couldn't shoot at it from her distance. A tomahawk lodged itself in the soldier's face. Blondie pulled it out of the creature as Amber left the cockpit of the helicopter, which had landed close to the trench. Amber pulled her pistol and fired shots at the soldiers in the way of her and the rest of the group, dispatching the lot of them. Jack picked up his rifle and reloaded every one of his weapons while he had the chance. The girls saw him do this and did the same. They advanced on a bunker in the trench, but the ground began to shake. Jack, who wasn't in the trench yet, saw the ground a few hundred metres away begin to literally collapse into blackness. \"Run!\" He shouted. He and the girls ran towards the bunker. Jack pulled out his M16, ready to fire at any number of enemies. When they reached the bunker, Blondie kicked the door in and the group unleashed a hail of bullets, steam filling the room. An officer was in the next room, ceremonial knife on his belt and a pistol ready to fire at any intruder. He motioned at his guards to file through to the next room and fan out to eliminate the threat. They all entered the room and were greeted by another hail of bullets. Many were slaughtered immediately. Amidst the chaos after Jack and the girls had run out of bullets, the creatures approached. The officer looked at the golden thread on his desk, knowing nothing of its importance. Babydoll slipped past the mass of enemy soldiers, only to be grabbed by the officer. The officer put his knife against her throat, put his repulsive face close to hers and said \"If you're a good girl, I'll let you live.\" Jack fired his revolver at another enemy, the bullet hit it in the neck. He ran through the gap created by the death of the soldier and entered the next room. Jack shot the officer in the knee, making him loosen his grip on Babydoll long enough for her to twirl away from him and slash across his chest with her sword. She spat in his face and shot him with her pistol, hitting him right between the eyes. She grabbed the golden thread from the table and suddenly they were back in the black room.[Chapter 4] Jack looked around the room slowly again, but it was no longer black and bare, it had taken the appearance of a dressing room. The walls were covered in a faded pink paint with posters from at least a decade ago. There were costumes on racks and mirrors surrounded by bright lights. It had an air of perversion about it and Jack could guess what went on after the girls would get ready for whatever shows, if you could call them that, happened here. There was a row of dressers below the mirrors. He approached the one on the far left and pulled out a drawer. He saw a knife, a lighter and a map taped to it. The mirror above this particular dresser had been smashed and there were three different pools of blood around the room. His eyes then fell to a pistol on the floor. He didn't know the significance of the room or what he'd found in it, but he knew there was something important he was missing that the girls seemed to know. Babydoll was celebrating with her friends; they were all cheering and hugging each other. One of the girls had found a bottle of champagne and they were pouring it into glasses. Jack knew he'd never fit in with the girls, but he felt genuinely isolated. For the first time, it wasn't voluntary. Jack no longer carried his weapons even though he was still in his combat fatigues. He searched the room and found them on a table on the other side of the room. He sat on one of the chairs and looked at his weapons. He took the M16, stripped it down, cleaned it and re-assembled it quickly. He repeated this process with the other weapons and set them back on the table. \"Looks like murder's become second nature.\" he thought to himself with a bitter laugh. He looked around the room again. He felt a hand on his shoulder; he knew the delicate touch could only have come from one person. Babydoll was still grinning, holding two glasses of champagne. He took it with a polite smile, but they both knew that it was without any sentiment. She kissed his cheek, trying to be friendly, but she lingered for a little too long for it to not have a little more meaning behind it. He put his glass to hers and downed it. Babydoll laughed. \"You look like you could use another.\" She said \"Yeah, I could.\" Jack replied, laughing too. He got up and walked to the other side of the room. \"What is this place?\" He asked. \"I don't really know. It was a club. A man called Blue ran it; he sold guns, drugs and women here. We all had a dance routine. If a client liked our routine, they slipped Blue a couple of notes to let them have their way with us. This was the dressing room. Blue shot Amber and Blondie in here. He then tried to rape me, I stabbed him and escaped. Sweet Pea and I got to the gate. I sacrificed myself so she could go. There was no other way.\" She said, choking on the words as the memories came back to her. \"What happened to Rocket then?\" \"The chef stabbed her. We were trying to steal his knife. He tried to go for Sweet Pea and Rocket threw herself in the way.\" Jack shook his head and sighed. \"I… I don't know what to say. I mean...\" A look of frustration came across his face at his own speechlessness. \"Don't. Just don't say anything then.\" Babydoll said. She sounded quite angry now. Jack and Babydoll approached the other girls. \"We've still got a way to go.\" Jack said. The others nodded. \"Ready?\" Babydoll asked. The only answer she received was in the sound of guns being loaded.[Chapter 5] The group found themselves near a large tower that was crumbling, ready to topple. Jack just watched it fall, much slower than he would have expected it to. Large chunks of rubble crushed various humans and orcs scattered around the area. He shook himself into action as the sound of the collapsed tower rang out across the castle and the surrounding areas. He saw that the girls were already running towards the courtyard of the castle. He placed the bayonet on his M16 and sprinted to catch up, stabbing orcs and knights alike. He didn't care. He'd kill anything that was getting in the way of him and keeping his squad safe and his enemies saw the fire and determination in his eyes. A few stepped aside, hoping he wouldn't bother with them. He had other ideas however, firing short sharp bursts into anything that wasn't directly in the way. As he approached the courtyard needing to reload, he saw the infinite mass of enemies converging on the girls. He gritted his teeth; there was no way he was getting through to his group. He kept his distance from the enemies and thought about what he should do. At that moment, his thought was cut short by an orc blade slicing through the surface of his arm. He hit the creature behind him with his rifle. The thing stumbled slightly, but with its armour protecting it Jack realised he couldn't do anything in close combat. Jack threw an almighty punch at the thing's chestplate, hoping to minimise damage to his hand. As the creature staggered Jack grabbed it and pushed it towards a gigantic skeleton of what appeared to be a dragon. The thing swung its arm towards him. Jack ducked it easily and threw another punch, colliding with the spiked helmet of the creature. The orc was disoriented, but Jack's hand was split open. His right arm was now covered in blood. He threw the orc at the dragon's skeleton and impaled it in the sharp bones of its ribcage. Babydoll, Rocket, Amber and Blondie had just entered the castle, followed by a huge group of enemies. Babydoll's instincts told her to go upwards this time. She holstered her pistol and climbed the staircase, slaughtering the orcs guarding the castle with her speed and finesse. Her sword had almost become an extension of her arms now and with her rage at being cut off from the man who would do anything to protect her, she was completely unstoppable. Yelling and screaming as she murdered the stupid, helpless drones in her way, the staircase and walls were covered in dark green blood from the orcs. The other girls were shooting at the stream of enemies flowing up the staircase. No sooner than they had killed every single one of the creatures that had entered the castle, another army of them blocked their exit. They got to the very top of the castle and saw a huge troll with a club that was bigger than any two of the girls put together. It roared and shook the entire castle. Another tower crumbled and fell from the sheer force of the troll's voice. Jack, who was following the almost endless sea of enemies and attempting to kill as many as possible was also making his way up to the top of the castle saw the area around the castle begin to collapse and disintegrate into nothingness, just as he had in the trenches. Amber and Blondie kept thinning out the huge wave of enemies as Babydoll and Rocket took to the troll. Amber thought she saw a glimpse of a familiar face. She frantically tried to pump even more bullets into the crowd. Amber reloaded yet again and Blondie mowed the enemies down with a spray of bullets from her heavy assault rifle. Jack felt a searing pain as a bullet tore into his side. He yelled and Blondie dropped her weapon in shock. Amber sprinted down the staircase to where Jack was and supported him as he hobbled up the staircase, bleeding. Babydoll sidestepped a frantic swipe from a very enraged troll and slashed her sword across the rocky skin of its shoulder, drawing a small trickle of black blood. Rocket shot at it, but the bullets ricocheted off its skin and made part of the weak stone of the castle crumble. Rocket pulled her knife out and Babydoll slashed at the troll again, cutting across its back. Rocket ducked under a punch from the troll's free arm as the other waved its club rather pathetically in Babydoll's general direction. Amber ripped Jack's shirt off and used it to stem the bleeding from his arm which was far worse now. The bullet was just a graze by comparison. As she kept pressure on the cuts and the blood soaked through the shirt, she noticed the lacerations all over Jack's body. He had scars from various different things covering his body like a tattoo. He was covered in cuts from what looked like bladed weapons, knives or machetes, jagged tears in his skin from bayonet stabs and whip marks covering almost every inch of his body. She then noticed the circular scar on his left wrist, definitely a bullet wound. She also saw burns all over his left arm and some on various other sensitive parts of the body. The shirt was now so soaked in blood it was making no difference. She threw it away. She told Blondie, who was still staring, speechless at what she'd done and the sight of what else Jack had endured to fetch Rocket. Blondie ran up to the top of the castle and saw the large troll beating her friends. She pulled her tomahawk and screeched at the thing. The troll looked up at her briefly and went back to trying to hold off Rocket and Babydoll with a snort, as if it thought her attempt at intimidation was pathetic. Rocket knew her knife was too small and weak to damage the thick skin of the troll, but as she slashed it repeatedly, the troll left Babydoll alone. Blondie hit the troll with her tomahawk and it buried itself in the thing's back. She pulled it out and Babydoll slashed it again. Blondie climbed up the troll, which thrashed wildly and she buried her tomahawk in its forehead, killing it. Behind the dead troll was a gold thread on a small table that had conveniently not been damaged during the fight. Babydoll saw the castle courtyard collapsing into the dark abyss below. She grabbed the thread and their surroundings changed to the dressing room again.[Chapter 6] Babydoll heard Jack's pained breathing as he continued to bleed on the floor. She shouted for Rocket, who set to his wounds immediately. Rocket bandaged him quickly, the white dressings turning red almost instantly. Jack stopped grunting and breathing as heavily, holding the pain back with all his strength. He'd suffered worse without even making a sound. Babydoll had wet trails of tears down her face, though she was no longer sobbing. Jack watched as she composed herself and smiled. He got up and held her close, running his fingers through her hair. Babydoll noticed how his chest was still heaving as he held it back. She was frustrated at this. \"Why are you doing this?\" She asked. \"Doing what?\" He replied, confused. \"You're holding back, you're pushing me away and you're isolating yourself from the rest of us.\" She said. He sat down again, exhausted from the effort of pulling himself up and put his head in his hands with a sigh. \"Not a moment passed in Vietnam that I didn't regret every bit of what happened, I never wanted to leave you, but I did. My torture over there was more than just physical.\" He said. Babydoll could hear the sheer regret in his voice. She didn't know what to say. \"I did it for you. I left to fight so that we could have a future where I wasn't torn from you without choice, where you could be happy, with me or without me. If I knew for a second that this would happen to you, I never would have gone... I'm pushing you away because there's nothing of you left. Not in the real world. If you get these threads, you'll have to choose between reality and paradise, and I want you to live in paradise. Because I know you'll be truly happy there. You've had a lifetime's worth of pain.\" He explained. \"I've had a lifetime's worth of pain? Just look at yourself! I loved you, and you left me so you could go to war. I accepted that. You want me to go away so you can play the victim! It's pathetic! You want to subject yourself to pain to act strong when you're not. No one's that strong. I'm going to decide what I do with my future! Not you!\" She shouted. Jack walked out of the room into a corridor with faded grey-blue walls. Across the empty corridor he saw a room full of beds. He entered the room and threw a table full of china cups and small trinkets to the floor, smashing them. The table broke against the floor and he sat down on the first bed he saw. He reached into the pocket of his trousers and pulled out the picture of Babydoll. He looked at it the same way he always had, looking at her smiling face in the photo. He remembered the day he took her to get it taken. They'd been on their third date. He took her to the cinema to watch a movie. He didn't remember which. As they were leaving the cinema, he saw a photographer's shop further down the street. He took her inside spoke to the photographer. The kind young man with the camera insisted on taking photos of them. Jack didn't remember much else that happened that day. He remembered her long dark hair, a reminder of what he'd left behind and that whether he ended up with or without Babydoll in the future, she was no longer his Babydoll. Not the one he remembered. Not the one he loved. He then remembered the first time he met Babydoll. It was a friend's birthday party. She had been sat in the branches of a tree in the garden while everyone else was inside, other than her and Jack. \"Hi there.\" He had said with a friendly smile. \"Hey.\" She replied, not paying much attention to him. She took a bite out of an apple she had picked. \"I'm Jack.\" He said, trying to be patient. \"You don't need my name. You'll never see me again.\" She'd replied, callously. \"Well, I'm going back inside. Are you going to be joining us?\" He asked. \"No.\" \"Bye then.\" \"Yeah.\" The memory of their first conversation brought a smile to his face. He remembered when he next saw her, a Halloween party. His friends had insisted on costumes and Jack came in a knight costume. Jack went to meet his friends at the local bar and got very drunk, very quickly. He approached the mysterious girl, not recognising her from the last time they'd met. Before he could say anything she rolled her eyes at him and said \"Let me guess… you can be my knight in shining armour?\" Sarcasm dripping from her voice. \"Damn. Hadn't thought of that one.\" He'd said. She laughed. \"Heard them all.\" She said. \"I'll bet you have.\" He slurred a little. \"Actually, that one's never come up.\" She giggled. \"See? I'm pretty original, right?\" She shook her head, smiling \"I'll admit that when I see it\" \"Well, that's all I've got actually. I'll leave you in peace then\" And he'd stumbled away. His memory of the rest of that night was hazy, but Jack could remember somehow arranging a date with this girl. His memory drifted back to her beautiful smiles. He then remembered the look on her face when he told her he was leaving for the army… Babydoll walked up to Jack, placed her hand on his shoulder and kissed his neck. Jack was a little startled by being brought away from the past so suddenly. \"I'm sorry. I know you only wanted me to be happy.\" She said. Kissing him again. \"It's fine. As much as I hate it, I can't protect you from everything. Even if I want to.\" He lay back on the bed and Babydoll followed. He took her in his arms. \"Sing me to sleep, like you used to.\" She said, smiling. \"I can't. I don't remember the words.\" He said, frowning. He began to hum the soothing melody of the lullaby he had written many years ago, and Babydoll fell asleep almost instantly. Jack fell into a deep sleep shortly after. Jack woke up the next day to see that the club was still deserted besides him and the girls. Babydoll was still fast asleep in his arms. He smiled and laid back so he didn't disturb her. He looked at the ceiling and tried to remember the last time he felt this happy without Babydoll. He couldn't think of anything. He heard her yawn and shift in his arms. He knew she'd woken up, so he gently ran his fingers down her arm and kissed her cheek. He saw her smile, her eyes still closed. He got up and tried not to disturb her at all. She groaned as he got up and out of the bed. \"Stay here.\" She mumbled. Jack looked back at her, curled up in the bed and decided he didn't have anywhere better to be. He got back into the bed and Babydoll moved so she was laying on top of him. She pressed her soft lips to his and smiled. \"I've missed this so much.\" She said, her voice gentle and calm as it always was when she was happy. \"What do you miss?\" He asked. \"This. You.\" She replied. \"Me too.\" He said, mirroring her contented smile. \"I'd almost forgotten how it felt to be with you.\" He said, his eyes reflecting sorrow and guilt. \"This is paradise. I don't need anything more to be happy.\" She said. \"We need to talk about what you're going to do when we get the last thread.\" Babydoll didn't say anything. \"You're my Babydoll and I never want to hurt you, but I already have so deeply and I'm afraid I might do it again. You don't deserve that. And as simple as it all seems here, the real world is far more complex. I don't want to be the thing that makes you turn down a guarantee of happiness for a world of sorrow, suffering and inhumanity. I don't want you to leave, but I want you to be happy above anything else.\" He said. She kissed him, trying to comfort him and ease his guilt. \"We can face whatever's in the real world together, just the two of us. That's all that matters.\" Babydoll said. \"I don't know. I lost you and the girls during that last fight. You took a beating from that troll. I don't care how bad my wounds were. I would have got up and fought that thing with my bare hands if I had to. I should have done.\" He said, clutching at his arm and breathing sharply. \"You can't carry the weight of the world, Jack. I can fight my own battles.\" \"Of course you can, you're my Babydoll. You can do anything. I just don't want you to.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because I'm supposed to protect you. I failed once and I can never make up for that.\" \"You need to give yourself a break. You're not a superhero, you're a human being. And I'll love you no matter how flawed you are, no matter how many mistakes you make. You're my knight in shining armour.\" Babydoll smiled. \"My armour's definitely not shining.\" Jack said with a small laugh. \"Let's get ready. We need to get the last thread. Then we'll talk about what to do.\" She said. Jack and Babydoll walked across the corridor to the dressing room and saw that the girls were already there. \"Let's go.\" Rocket said.[Chapter 7] The group found themselves on a rocky outcrop by a train track. Jack looked up at the unusually orange sky and saw a large moon, closer than usual. He saw that the tracks were held up by some sort of small engines spewing jets of blue flame. Jack jumped onto the tracks first and checked his surroundings. He saw that the surface of the planet was covered in red rocks and dust. He saw a large clump of chrome on the horizon. The group walked down the tracks in silence for a very long time before they approached what Jack now realised was a futuristic city. But there was a semi-circular area of the city that had been blasted away completely and most of the buildings were collapsed, torn apart or on fire. Jack watched the orange glow of the fires against the cold chrome structures, hypnotised by the apocalyptic beauty of the remains of the city. The group entered the city slowly. They saw the real aftermath of what had happened now, discarded bodies of faceless robots were dumped all over the streets. They saw a single robot hauling the remains of another android, it had been thrown over its shoulder. The robot placed the twisted and deformed shell of its associate on the street with a strange gentleness. It was then that it noticed Jack and the girls. The robot stared at them with its featureless face, if you could call it that, and ran. Jack's hand instinctively fell to his revolver. He pulled it out of the holster slowly. Babydoll had already drawn her pistol and was holding her sword by her side. The other girls saw Jack raise his weapon and drew their own guns. Jack saw a group of robots in the distance, they looked like some kind of law enforcement. The androids approached slowly until Jack was face to featureless head-shaped shell with what appeared to be the most senior of the androids. The thing tried to vocalise, making a strange string of static, whirring sounds and not quite human murmurs. It cocked its head afterwards, as if it had been asking a question. Jack dropped his weapon and put his hands up, trying to show that he was friendly. The android emitted something that sounded like an artificial laugh and drew its large, metallic pistol. Jack kicked the android and scrabbled for his revolver. The other robots unleashed hails of bullets from their sleek, metallic SMGs and the girls fired back. The robots severely outnumbered Jack and the girls, and both sides knew it. Jack's new adversary stamped on his hand as he reached for his revolver. Babydoll charged at the mass of metal, firing her pistol. Rocket fired short, sharp bursts of bullets from her own SMG, grimacing as she noticed how useless it was. Amber yelled as an android threw its fist, which collided with the side of her head and knocked her to the floor. Jack grabbed at the robot's leg, tripping it over and picked up his weapon. He shot at the android which had raised its pistol to Amber's head, destroying it. He spun around to face the officer, to see that it was gone. A large mass of metal collided with his head, and he fell to his hands and knees. Blondie sprayed bullets into the large group of robots, covering Babydoll's rush at the enemy, and possibly killing a few. Rocket reached for her flintlock pistol, having run out of ammunition for her SMG completely and fired at the officer. Her shot missed, but distracted the android for long enough to allow Jack to grab it in a headlock. The officer flailed and spun, trying to loosen Jack's grip, but he held on tightly. Blondie threw her tomahawk to Rocket who used it to slice into the pipe holding the officer's head onto its body, almost slashing Jack's shoulder. Jack breathed with a relief and laughed a little at Rocket's wild slash. \"You need to work on your accuracy.\" He said to her, with a cheeky smile. Rocket laughed and clipped the back of his head with a gentle slap. Jack let the no longer functioning shell of the officer android crumple now. He pulled his M16 out and fastened the bayonet to it. He charged into the remains of the robot army, firing in short 3 round bursts. He ducked underneath the arm of a robot attempting to punch him and stabbed the bayonet through the back of its head. He twisted the bayonet out of the fallen robot's head, slicing the side of its head open and spilling gears and wires onto the street. There weren't many androids left now, they were falling back to a large military complex. Jack assumed there wouldn't be many reinforcements to call upon any more, as most of the complex was on fire, with burnt and twisted metal falling to the ground like liquid. Jack fired what was left of his magazine into the retreating robots and reloaded. He picked up his speed, taking off at a sprint towards the complex. The robots shut the door of the entrance and Babydoll kicked it open before Jack and Rocket reached it. Babydoll was very determined now. Firing pistol shots with an aggressiveness Jack had never seen in her. Amber and Blondie stayed by the entrance. \"We'll cover the exit.\" Blondie said. Babydoll nodded and waited for Jack and Rocket to ready themselves before entering the only other room left in the complex. Rocket pushed the door open slowly and Jack snapped the sights of his rifle to his eyes and fired at some of the robots before throwing a table over and taking cover behind it. Babydoll threw her sword at an android attempting to escape the sealed room it had locked itself in. The sword sliced across the robot, and it fell to the floor before it could get away. Rocket was firing her flintlock pistol at a robot behind a metal desk. But she was finding it hard to supress it when the pistol fired so slowly and needed to be reloaded so frequently. Jack turned to aid Rocket in supressing the robot, firing short bursts whenever Rocket reloaded. Babydoll ran for her sword, which was on the other side of the room, firing her pistol at the other three robots. She grabbed her sword and ran towards the robots, shooting as she approached. She then spun around and kicked one in its head, as she spun, she ran her sword through the next robot, shot the third and stopped. Blondie shot at a robot that had lost its lower half and one of its arms, crawling frantically towards its pistol, she saw that no more androids were coming for them, so she left Amber at the door to help the others. Babydoll started supressing the last robot too, as Jack tried to flank it. Blondie saw one of the robots rise to its feet. She sprayed bullets at it, eviscerating its shell completely. Jack stabbed the last one with his bayonet, dropped it and fired at its head. He then pulled one of the large drawers of the desk out and searched for the thread, finding it under a pile of papers and weapons. He handed it to Babydoll and they were in a black room again. Only it was different this time.[Chapter 8] Jack and Babydoll were now the only ones in the room. Or so they thought, until they heard the voice of the Wise Man. \"You two have one last battle, but the others are free.\" He said. \"What happened to them?\" Babydoll asked. \"They're dead, like they always were.\" He explained. \"But… They were so real…\" She said, stunned. \"The imagination is a powerful thing.\" He said with a smile. \"So, what do we need to do now?\" Babydoll asked. \"Whatever you want to do with those threads you must first fight your demons.\" He said, cryptically. \"Ok.\" Babydoll said, nodding. The Wise Man began to crumble away into flakes of dust. \"And one more thing… I mean literally fight your demons!\" He shouted. With those last words, the Wise Man faded away. Babydoll closed her eyes and two small pillars rose out of the ground. Jack looked surprised, but his instincts were telling him what he needed to do. He closed his eyes, focused all of his strength, and on the pillar to the right, he saw a memory of his. He was laying face down in a pile of dead bodies of fellow soldiers; some of his friends were in there, motionless and covered in blood and dirt. He heard voices speaking in Vietnamese and lay as still as he could. He heard them shouting now and the sound of large dogs barking viciously. The dogs set upon the pile of bodies, sniffing. Jack darted his eyes upwards to see a snout pointing right at him. The dog barked and the Vietcong dragged him out of the pile. Jack fell to the floor when they let him go, hoping he could keep up the ruse, but it didn't work. He felt rifles press against him and he stood up, hands on his head as they stripped him of his weapons. The memory faded. Jack heard a growl and saw a pair of glowing red eyes. He pulled his M16 out and readied his bayonet. The dog moved into the light. It looked far more evil and vicious than the already intimidating ones he had seen in Vietnam, its fur matted with blood and dirt. It was larger than he remembered; it bared its crooked and sharp yellow teeth as it gave a guttural growl. He saw the red eyes of more dogs appear in the darkness. The other dogs approached. There were five dogs now, in a v-formation. The dog at the front snarled, and the others growled threateningly. The first one pounced at Jack, who held his left arm up. The hellhound sunk its teeth into the flesh of his arm, giving Jack the opportunity to throw the dog away and shoot it before it recovered. Fighting through the pain, Jack gritted his teeth and readied himself for another attack. Two dogs sprinted for him and jumped at him, slashing their claws at him wildly, failing to draw blood. Jack kicked one in the jaw and shot at it, the bullets only grazed the beast's hide, making it bleed a little. Jack put his rifle away, holding his bayonet as a knife, detached from the gun. He dodged most of the creatures' attacks, getting scratched across his side and back a few times. He slashed his bayonet in fast, sharp motions. As one of the demon dogs jumped at him, he stabbed the bayonet through its jaw. It fell limp and he pushed it off, picking himself up before the other two ran for him. All three remaining dogs pounced him at once, pinning him to the floor. One went for his neck; he held the pain back as the other two chewed on his legs, grabbing its throat and with all the strength he could bring, he snapped its neck. It fell to his side and he kicked legs to get the dogs that were tearing into the muscle of his legs to pay him attention as a legitimate threat. He threw a punch at one that leaped for his chest, pulled himself up again and slit the beast's throat. The last one growled fiercely and Jack grabbed his revolver, firing all six bullets as quickly as he could, hitting it twice. It whimpered as it fell to the cold, hard ground bleeding to death. Babydoll looked at her pillar now, as Jack realised the room had some kind of invisible barrier separating the room to prevent them fighting together. Babydoll saw the repulsive chef from the asylum sinking his teeth into a foul smelling sandwich, his perverted grin as she held the knife to his throat, and the fierce look in his eye as he stabbed Rocket. She saw a hybrid of boar and man before her, with large tusks and a meat cleaver in its large hands. As it stood upright, it wiped its cleaver on its bloodstained apron. It roared and charged at her, it was slow and clumsy though, and Babydoll sidestepped the charge and twirled, slashing her sword across the creature's back. The wound didn't even bleed. The large beast became nothing but enraged at this, charging her again suddenly. Babydoll was too close to dodge this time and it knocked her to the floor. It was on top of her, squealing as she knocked its arms away from her. She reached for her pistol and fired as quickly as she could, missing. Jack pressed himself against the barrier, hitting it as hard as he could to try and break it down. His efforts were in vain. The beast was so close to Babydoll's face, she could smell the stench of its foul breath. It raised its cleaver and broke its hold on Babydoll, who rolled away from the swing of the cleaver; it skimmed across her leg and left a fracture in the floor. Babydoll shot at it again, hitting its eye. As it roared in pain, and flailed wildly, it hit Babydoll, knocking her against the barrier. The impact was no softer than hitting a stone wall. She grimaced and hauled herself to her feet, losing her usual grace and poise. She waited for the beast to move. It charged headfirst into her, attempting to impale her with its tusks. She threw herself aside at the last moment and it collided with the barrier, snapping its tusks and probably concussing what little brain matter resided in its thick skull. It fell to the floor, dazed and Babydoll fired a single shot into its head to kill it. Jack's pillar was not showing anything. Instead, Babydoll's pillar was showing Blue Jones, the man who was at the centre of the oppression of Babydoll and her friends. It showed him throw her against the mirror and move to kiss her as she stabbed the knife into his shoulder. It showed him shoot Amber and Blondie in cold blood, and it showed him throw the lobotomised Babydoll into a chair, press his lips to hers and putting his hands around her throat, squeezing when she didn't respond. She heard him speak. \"No. That's not right. You're here with me. And all this shit. And you don't go away unless I say so.\" She saw his figure emerge from the darkness, with bloodshot eyes. \"What's the matter, Babydoll?\" He said with a twisted grin. His voice was deeper than it should be. He held his pistol in one hand. Hunched over as blood seeped from where Babydoll had stabbed him before. He shot at her, hitting her arm. She fired back, missing every shot she took. He moved forwards and punched her. She dropped her sword, but stayed on her feet. Blue put his pistol to his own head with a grin and put her hand to it. \"Do it.\" He breathed. She shoved the pistol forwards into his nose and dropped it as he stumbled back. \"Clever girl\" He laughed and nodded. She reloaded her pistol in this time and fired at him once, missing again. She grabbed for her sword and put it to his throat. \"You can kill me here. But I will always haunt you.\" He said. She dropped the sword and he began to crumble away, his laughter echoing across the room until it also faded. Jack's pillar showed words now. It read \"Sometimes your most formidable enemy is yourself.\" Babydoll's pillar showed a picture of her after the lobotomy. She began to cry. \"Is that what I am now?\" She asked, tears falling down her face. Jack stayed silent, but nodded. Jack turned to see a silhouette of himself with blood red eyes and barely discernable facial features sat at a table. His revolver was there. He knew what he needed to do. He took his seat and emptied the gun, placed one bullet inside it and spun the chamber. He pulled back the hammer and, his hands shook as he pressed it to his temple and pulled the trigger. It clicked. He placed the gun on the table and watched as his silhouette pulled the trigger. Nothing happened. It dropped the gun and Jack picked it up again. He pulled the trigger and the bullet went through his skull. He looked upwards as a steady stream of blood, flowed out of his skull in slow motion, continuing upwards, not affected by gravity. The silhouette had a stream of shadows coming out of its head, mirroring him. The silhouette stood up, and he followed. They both fell to the floor together, on opposite sides of their table.[Chapter 9] Jack woke up. Babydoll's smiling face was in front of him. He reached out and put his hand on her cheek. She kissed him passionately. He got up and the Wise Man smiled at him. The room was white now. He held Babydoll's hand. \"You faced yourself. That's the most powerful monster anyone can ever fight.\" the Wise Man said. Jack laughed bitterly. \"But I lost.\" He said, confused. \"Ah, but you also won.\" the Wise Man said. The Wise Man took a pair of silver scissors to Babydoll. She took the threads from her pocket and took the scissors. \"You're sure this is what you want?\" the Wise Man said. Babydoll hesitated and looked at Jack. Jack kissed her and smiled. \"Go. I'll join you one day.\" He said. He pulled Babydoll into his arms and kissed her one last time. She walked away from Jack slightly, her hand slipping out of his. She took the scissors, closed her eyes and cut the threads. Two months later, Jack had left the army and bought his childhood home in Vermont back. His parents were dead now and he was the only child of the family, so he decided to buy the family house back. He moved in almost immediately. Jack woke up early one morning to the sound of his phone ringing. He picked it up from the side of his bed. \"Hello?\" He replied groggily \"Mr Jack Tennison?\" A rather posh male voice asked. \"Yes. Who is speaking?\" Jack asked. \"I am working in the local foster home. We have had your daughter for a long time. You are a hard man to track down Mr Tennison.\" The man said. \"My… My daughter?\" Jack asked incredulously. \"Yes. I suppose the mother never told you. She did say that no one knew of her pregnancy.\" The man said. Jack couldn't find any words to say. \"Is the mother available?\" The man asked. \"Is this a joke?\" Jack asked angrily. \"No. This is no joke.\" The man said. \"Ok… When can I come in?\" Jack asked, sighing. \"Any time today would be best.\" The man said. \"I'll be there in half an hour.\" Jack said. Jack threw his clothes on and drove to the foster home as fast as he could. He parked the car and entered the building. A tall, slender man in a suit with blonde hair and a prominent nose greeted Jack. \"Mr Tennison, I presume?\" The man asked. \"Yes.\" Jack said, shaking the man's hand. \"We spoke on the phone not half an hour ago.\" He said. \"Yeah. So, I have a daughter?\" Jack asked. \"It appears so.\" The man said. \"And I'm definitely the father?\" Jack asked. \"The mother could not give an account of any other person she had had sexual relations with.\" The man said. \"And what was the mother's name?\" Jack asked. The man opened a drawer and flicked through papers. \"Ariel Smithson.\" The man read. Babydoll. Jack nodded. \"In that case, the child is definitely mine.\" Jack said. \"Where is the mother now?\" The man asked. \"She's in Lennox House. Lobotomised. You won't get anything out of her.\" Jack said. The man looked disgusted at Jack's hostility as he said this. \"Sorry.\" Jack said. \"Perfectly understandable.\" The man said, his warm, polite smile reappearing. \"What's my daughter's name?\" Jack asked. The man turned several pages in the file. \"Ah. Here it is. Her name is Abigail.\" The man said. Jack smiled. Babydoll knew that's what he wanted to call his child if he ever had one. \"How old is she?\" Jack asked the man. \"She is 4 years old.\" The man said. \"Can I see her?\" Jack asked. \"Yes. It will take a while for you to be able to take full custody of the child. She has to become comfortable with you first and there is a lot of paperwork involved if that's what you want, but you could just put her up for adoption if you wish.\" The man said. \"I don't care how many papers it takes, I want my daughter.\" Jack said. The man grinned. \"That's what I like to hear.\" The man said. Jack followed the man down a corridor into a large room with lots of children running around. The man approached a small girl in the corner of a room, playing quietly with a car. The man pointed at Jack and Abigail flung herself at him. \"Daddy!\" She exclaimed. \"Hey, Abby.\" Jack said, smiling and hugging her back. \"The others said you'd never come, but you did.\" She grinned. Jack looked at her; she was just as beautiful as her mother, long light brown hair, framing her round face and deep green eyes. \"Yes, I did. As soon as that man there called me, I came to get you.\" Jack said. \"He's called Jeremy, he's sometimes mean, but he looks after me.\" Abby said. \"Where's Mommy?\" She asked. Jack held back tears now. \"She's… Not here anymore.\" He said. \"Where is she? Is she at home?\" Abby asked. \"No. She's gone.\" Jack choked. \"Is she dead?\" She asked. \"No, she's in paradise.\" Jack said, barely able to get the words out, his throat was so swollen. \"What is that Daddy?\" She asked \"It's a wonderful place, full of happiness. It's where you go when you die. Or sometimes you can be like Mommy and still be alive, but not live in the real world.\" He said. \"Oh. Can we meet her in paradise?\" Abby asked, smiling. \"We can't go to paradise yet. We can see her, but she won't be able to talk to you.\" He said. \"She left me again.\" Abby said, beginning to cry. \"Yes, but that wasn't because she didn't love you. Things in her life were… Complicated. Nasty men forced her into paradise, even though she fought to stay here with us. She can never tell you, but she loves you very much.\" Jack explained, consoling her. \"I want to go home with you, Daddy.\" Abby said. \"You will soon enough, but you can't just yet.\" Jack said, beginning to smile again. \"Why not?\" Abby asked, her upper lip beginning to tremble. \"There's a lot of papers I need to fill in first, and I have to answer a lot of questions.\" Jack explained, warmly. \"Ok. When you do that I can come home with you?\" Abby asked. \"Yeah. It might take a long time, there's a lot to do first.\" Jack said. \"Ok.\" She said, with a small nod. Jack hugged her. \"I need to go now. I have to start writing the papers and answering those questions. The sooner I do it, the sooner you can come home with me. I'll be back soon.\" Jack said. Abby nodded and went back to her toys. Another few months passed and Jack had only just finished the papers for custody of his child. It had been a nightmare, but Jack knew it was worth every bit of it. Abby moved in with him soon after, although Jack didn't feel so happy: It was Babydoll's birthday and she was no longer there. Not really. Jack decided to take Abby to see her mother. \"Get your things and get in the car, please.\" Jack instructed her. Abby nodded, left her toys and did as she was told. \"Where are we going, Daddy?\" She asked. \"We're going to see Mommy, it's her birthday today.\" Jack said. \"Oh. How old is she?\" \"22 today.\" Jack answered. \"She's young.\" Abby stated. \"Yes, she is. Am I young?\" Jack asked, laughing. Abby wrinkled her nose. \"No.\" She said, faking disgust. Jack laughed again. \"You're a smelly old man.\" She said with a giggle. \"Am I?\" Jack asked, sounding surprised. \"Yes.\" She said, still giggling. \"I'm 25, if you must know.\" Jack said, acting offended. They arrived at Lennox House. Abby took one look at the foreboding dark grey stone structure and looked rather satisfied. \"What are you so happy about?\" Jack asked. \"I know what this place is.\" Abby said. \"What is it, then?\" Jack asked. \"It's a castle. Mommy's a beautiful princess and we're here to save her.\" Abby said. Jack laughed. \"Yes, she is. You're right!\" Jack said, playing along with a smile. Abby's eyes lit up. \"Is there going to be dragons and baddies?\" Abby asked, excited. \"There was last time.\" Jack said, nodding. Jack opened the door, picked Abby up in his arms and carried her to the room where Babydoll was sat in a chair, silent and unresponsive. \"Hey.\" Jack said warmly, not expecting a reply. \"This is our daughter. She's just moved in with me.\" Jack said, placing Abby on the ground gently. \"You can speak to her.\" Jack told Abby, encouragingly. \"Hello Mommy. Daddy told me everything about what happened. He told me you were a beautiful princess, you look like one.\" Abby said, slightly unnerved by the dark surroundings. Jack saw her discomfort and picked her up again. \"We just wanted to come by and see you on your birthday. I don't know if some part of you way in there knows what's happening, I hope so, but really, I just hope you're happy. Paradise doesn't seem like such a bad place to be. Certainly better than right here.\" Jack said. Abby nodded. \"I don't like this place either. It's dark and smelly.\" Abby said. Jack laughed. \"Let's go then.\" He said. \"Say goodbye to Mommy.\" He added. Abby waved to Babydoll. \"Bye.\" She said. Jack couldn't bring himself to say anything more to Babydoll, but as he carried their daughter out of the room, he swore he saw Babydoll smile… ","Summary":" Dr Vera Gorski was having a paperwork fuelled nightmare. Sat at her desk skimming through the seemi"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"For Better Or Worse?","Author":"CastleRockGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9737752","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: Hey everyone! This is my first ever fanfiction and I am so nervous! I have always loved The Haunting in Connecticut and I thought it would be a great place to publish my first fanfic. This story is about my OC, Laura, who is suffering from cancer and hasn't felt alive in a long time. And then she meets Matt. I just wanted to post the first chapter and see how everyone liked it, so feel free to drop me a review! Diclaimer: I do not own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, none of the lines, characters or plotlines associated with the movie. I only on my OCs. Chapter 1: As I walked to the waiting room to wait until my mom came to pick me up, I felt like my legs weighed a ton. I shuffled over to a chair and tried to slowly lower myself down to avoid any pain in my joints but my legs gave out and I sort of fell into it. I looked up and a middle-aged woman and a guy around my age were looking at me, concerned. \"Sorry about that, I'm just really tired.\" I said politely. The woman smiled at me kindly, but I could feel the pity radiating off her. I gave her a strained smile and looked down, I hated when people looked at me like that, like I had \"CANCER GIRL\" written on my forehead. I could still feel the guy's eyes on me and I resisted the urge to ask him if he wanted to take a picture because it lasts longer. A few seconds later I had had enough of avoiding his gaze and met his eyes. Any feelings of anger I had were gone, he was so cute. He had short blonde hair and kind green eyes, but they had bags under them. He looked very pale and thin, I guess he had cancer too. I was no supermodel myself, I had limbs like twigs and I always looked tired. But as I looked into his eyes I didn't see any pity, just understanding. I gave him a small smile and my heart skipped a beat when he returned it. Oh yeah, very cute. My romantic thoughts were interrupted when my stomach heaved and I could tell I was gonna throw up. I covered my mouth to keep it down and stood up quickly to get to a bathroom, but I swayed on my feet as a huge head rush nearly had me on the floor. Suddenly I felt a pair of arms support me and lead to quickly to a bathroom and into a stall. I emptied my stomach into the toilet, and as I did so the person's hands rubbed my back soothingly and handed me some toilet roll when I was done. I took it and whipped my mouth before standing up shakily and flushing the toilet. As I turned round to thank who I assumed was a nurse, the words got stuck hallway up my throat. It was the cute guy from the waiting room. Oh shit. I blushed with embarrassment and tucked some of my brown hair behind my ear, the silence was starting to get a bit awkward so I said the first thing that came to my mind, \"Well that's one way of getting a cute guy alone in a bathroom with you.\" I internally slapped myself, that was the best I could come up with? He laughed and I had to smile at the sound, \"yeah it's a good plan, if only it didn't have to involve you puking.\" he joked and I laughed a real laugh for the first time in… I don't know how long. \"Wouldn't that just be perfect?\" I asked with a grin. I moved past him to a sink and rinsed out my mouth. I realised I hadn't thanked him. I turned around and he smiled, \"thanks for helping me,\" I said, \"I appreciate it, I didn't think I was gonna make it to the bathroom for a moment there.\" I smiled sheepishly. \"Don't worry about it, I know the feeling. I'm Matt by the way.\" he held out his hand and I shook it, his lopsided smile almost made me forget my own name. \"Laura.\" I said quietly. He wrapped one arm around my waist and let me lean on him as we walked out of the bathroom and back over to our seats, I noticed he moved me a few seats closer to where he and the other woman sat, who I assumed was his mother. He gently sat me in the chair and then took his seat. \"Are you alright sweetheart?\" the woman asked gently. \"Yeah I'm fine\" I said. \"Just a bit sick after the treatment, thanks again Matt.\" \"No problem.\" he smiled. \"I'm Sara by the way, Matt's mom.\" I smiled at her; she looked very well for having a teenage son. \"Hi I'm Laura.\" she smiled back. I heard the faint sound of heels walking fast down the corridor. Oh crap, here comes mother dearest, I thought. As she rounded the corner looking pissed as usual I stood up and went to walk over before she could come closer and make a scene, but another head rush hit me and I swayed. Matt stood up just in time to catch me and righted me once again. \"You really are my knight in shining armour.\" I said with a smirk. He cracked a grin that had my heart beating faster. \"Laura!\" my mother shouted impatiently. \"Will you hurry the hell up? I have a date tonight and I'm not gonna be late because you wanna play damsel in distress! I hope you don't have to be sick because I am not pulling over every five minutes again!\" I looked back at Matt, feeling embarrassed. He was glaring at my mom and tightened his hold on me. \"Is she not even gonna come and help you?\" he said quietly, I could tell he was angry. \"She probably doesn't wanna chip a nail. Thanks for all your help Matt. hopefully I won't kick the bucket before I see you again.\" I embraced him in a one-armed hug and I never wanted to let go. But I had to. As I pulled away I gave his mom a smile, but she looked like it was taking everything in her to not sit me back down. I gave Matt one last smile before hurrying away on shaky legs. My mom was tapping her foot impatiently and as I reached her she grabbed my arm. \"Hurry up!\" she shouted and hauled me down the corridor, I wanted to look back at Matt but I probably would have fallen on my face and that would have just made my mom even madder. I hoped I would see Matt again, something in me told me I needed to.[Chapter 2] Author's note: Hey! I decided to post chapter 2 and 3 today because they're both pretty short as I wanted to give a bit of background as to what Laura's life is like and how she's gonna tie in with the story, next week I'll be posting chapter 4 which will start into all the awesome movie stuff so things should get a bit more interesting. For now here is some background and if anyone feels like dropping me a review to let me know what they think I would greatly appreciate it! Btw I just wanna say thanks to my awesome Beta for her help with these chapters and to those who gave me some great support. Love you guys! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the character, plotlines or dialogue from The Haunting In Connecticut, I only own my OC and anything you don't recognise from the movie. Chapter 2: The ride home was not fun at all. I had to beg my mom to pull over twice so I could be sick, it was either that or I threw up on the seat so she didn't really have an option. \"What did I tell you about making me pull over?\" she demanded as I sat back in the car. \"I don't wanna be sick but I have to! Do you really think I want to be sick and have cancer?!\" \"Yeah I do!\" I gawked at her, \"You love all the attention you get so don't try and act like you aren't enjoying being the poor little sick girl.\" She snapped. \"What attention?\" I demanded. I got no attention from this woman, what the hell was she talking about? \"At the hospital, with your fake little fainting spell. You only did that so that boy would come to the rescue, don't lie to me.\" \"For you information that guy was very nice to me and helped me when I was sick, which is what you should be doing!\" I was so mad at her; she really thought I wanted to be sick? \"I do my part, alright? I work, pay the bills and you get your treatments. What do you want me to do? Tuck you in every night and pick up after you all the time? I have better things to do!\" \"Yeah like random guys in bars,\" I mumbled. \"What was that?\" she snapped. \"Nothing,\" I replied tiredly. \"Right. So I'm gonna drop you off and you can go home and start on the housework. The dishes need done, the beds need made, the laundry needs washed and hung out to dry and then I want you to make something to eat for me coming home later, I get a bit hungry after a night out.\" Yeah, I know, it didn't matter if she came in at three in the morning and I had only just gotten to sleep because of my sore joints, she would shout until I woke up. \"Fine,\" I replied, there was no use arguing with the woman. She dropped me off and sped off without as much as a 'see you later' or a 'bye sweetie'. I went inside and got started, the sooner I finished the sooner I got to sleep. You would think she'd find time while I was at the hospital to do some of these things - but no. I had to do them, apparently I should \"think of it as paying her back for ruining her life\", some kids were bribed with pocket money or sweets whilst I was told that any time I complained. It wasn't my fault that my dad was an asshole who couldn't stand having a dying child with cancer. I was just a kid when we found out and at first it was like someone had hit pause on my parents, they wouldn't do anything for hours. They couldn't even look at me, I thought I'd done something wrong so I went to my room and decided to stay there until they forgave me. Then the shouting started. I didn't know what the half of it was about but soon enough I heard my dad storm upstairs and into my parents' room. He came out a while later and went downstairs before slamming the front door and I went to the window. He loaded a few bags into the trunk of his car and then got in and sped off without a backwards glance. I walked downstairs to find my mother crying at the table: \"Mom?\" I asked quietly, \"Where did Daddy go?\" She raised her head and looked at me with teary eyes. \"He left.\" She said, in a monotone voice. \"Why?\" I asked, bewildered. \"Because you have cancer and he doesn't wanna stay with us anymore.\" Her voice shook and tears kept on streaming. I walked over and put my hands around her neck. \"I'm sorry,\" I said. Was my fault that he left? \"It's okay sweetie,\" She said gently and hugged me back, \"It's not your fault you ruined my life.\" Apparently after a few weeks and a couple of late night drinking binges she concluded that it was in fact my fault. Had I not gotten sick she would still have a husband. Plain and simple, I ruined her life. She could never see that the cancer had done that all by itself. She never stopped to think how much it ruined my life as well. From then on I couldn't play with the kids in the neighbourhood for fear I would get sick. I had to have a tutor come to my house because I couldn't go to school. I didn't have any friends and more or less kept to myself. Ever since we found out I had cancer we have become less and less like mother and daughter. I don't come to her with any problems; she doesn't tease me about boys or take me shopping. She doesn't hug me or tell me I'm beautiful, it's been years since I've gotten a compliment. Sometimes it feels like I'm already dead, like she's already acting like I'm gone as much as she can, I tell myself it's so that when I do pass on it won't hurt as much. But I know this is a lie. I slouched up the stairs to bed once I've forced myself to eat some food and flop down on my bed, still in my clothes. I groan when I realise the curtains are still open and the bright sunset streams through my window. As I get up to close it I gaze at the Aickman house across the street. It has always given me the creeps, when I was little I could never sleep with the curtains open because my room was in plain view of the house; it always felt like someone was watching me, even though no one has lived there in a long time. The history of the house isn't for the faint-hearted, some say it was a funeral home and that some strange shit happened there. When I was younger and would go tick-or-treating with the neighbourhood kids we would always dare each other to step inside, but no one ever took the bait. Even from a young age we all knew there was something wrong with that house. I can tell from looking at it that something horrible happened inside. It's like the feeling you get when you've stood in the spot where an accident was or looked over to a spot on the road that's covered in flowers where someone was hit. That that place will be forever tainted with what happened, no matter how long goes on you still feel weird looking at it. A shiver ran up my spine and I hastily shut the curtains and lay down, turning away from the window.. I feel sorry for whatever unsuspecting family decides to live there next.[Chapter 3] Author's note: Here is chapter 3, hope you enjoy! Sorry it's quite short I just wanted to put it in before all the action starts in chapter again to my Beta and feel free to leave a review! Disclaimer: I do not own (apologies for my awful spelling mistake in the last chapter, I do not know what I was thinking) any of the character, plotlines or dialogue from The Haunting In Connecticut, I ownly own my OC and anything you don't recognise from the movie. Chapter 3: As I came for my next appointment of chemo I noticed Matt was already hooked up and staring into space in front of him. I started walking over to the free space beside him and he looked up at me and smiled. Damn his smiles are nice. \"Mind if I sit here?\" I asked with a smile, I didn't exactly wanna assume he wanted to sit with me. \"No, go right ahead.\" He patted the chair next to him and I sat down. Once I was all hooked up to the machine, I turned and saw him watching me - my heart gave a little flutter - but then I realised he was looking at me sympathetically. Ugh, great. \"Okay, spit it out.\" I said casually, may as well get it over with, I knew what he was thinking. \"What?\" he asked, feigning innocence. \"That,\" I said, pointing to his face. \"The look of sympathy, I can't stand it. So spit it out and let's get it over with.\" I tapped the end of his nose and I could see a little bit of amusement on his face, but it went serious soon afterwards. \"Your mom wasn't that nice the other day. Has she always been so mean to you?\" \"No, just since my dad left,\" I admitted. \"Why did he leave?\" he asked, some would find his curiosity annoying but I was kinda relieved he was asking me to my face and not talking behind my back with a nurse or something. \"We found out I had cancer and he bailed,\" I said with a shrug. It used to bother me that he left but now I don't care. If he couldn't take it… that was his problem. \"So she got mad at you and is treating you like shit because your dad was an asshole?\" he said, apparently shocked. \"Well yeah, I mean, if I didn't have cancer he'd probably still be here, but I do so he's not, she sees it that I've ruined things by having cancer.\" I explained. \"But you didn't ask for it! No one here asked for it!\" he argued, why was he getting so upset? \"I know but she still sees it that way, and I've given up on trying to change her mind.\" He didn't look pleased. \"Doesn't it bother you?\" he asked. I thought for a moment, it actually really did. I just sat back and took it but it still hurt to be treated this way. \"Yeah it does, I hate sympathy but this is different. She just expects me to able to be normal and cook and clean but I can't do it, as much as I wanna go back to normal I'm not normal. She complains that I'm lazy and I use all her money and spare time. Sometimes I just think it would be easier if I died soon and she could get on with her life, I feel like she'd be happy if I wasn't there. I'm just a burden to her.\" He put his hand on my shoulder and waited till I looked at him. \"You're not a burden,\" He said in a strong voice, his green eyes looked deep into mine. And I believed him. A few minutes later and I was tired of the depressing talk. \"Alright enough of this doom and gloom shit, this place is already depressing enough, wanna play twenty questions?\" I asked. Anything to stop talking about my mom. \"Sure,\" He said with another amazing smile. For the rest of his time in chemo we played twenty questions. We found out lots of random crap about each other and had a few laughs, I actually felt normal again. Then he mentioned that he had qualified for a new study that could make him better if it works, I was pleased. He was one of those guys that you knew he would do something good one day, this was just a steep hurdle he had to overcome, but I could tell he would be fine. Me, on the other hand, I've been struggling against cancer for almost half my life, the doctors may not know it yet but I'm not coming out the other side. I know it. I've made my peace with it. Soon he was unhooked and free to leave but I still had a bit to go. \"Do you want me to wait with you until your mom comes?\" he asked, bless him. \"No I'm fine, I have a bit of time left, I'll just sit and ponder all the new stuff I know about Matt Campbell and all the possible blackmail I can use this information for.\" I winked, I winked?! I have never winked in my life. \"Oh God no!\" he groaned but laughed; \"I don't know when I'll see you again because they'll have me in and out for different treatments for the program but I don't know when they'll be fitting chemo in.\" He looked disappointed. I reached over and laid my hand on his. \"I'm sure we'll meet again, Campbell.\" I smiled. He smiled and got up to leave, my heart kinda sank a bit but he leaned down and kissed me gently on my forehead, then my heart had no problem jumping right up into my throat. I smiled at him and he walked away, looking back once or twice and I stuck my tongue out each time he did. He grinned and then he was out of sight. I relaxed back into the chair and I found myself smiling for several minutes after he left. It felt weird, but a nice weird. Like I wanted to see him again and I knew that when I did he'd make me smile again, suddenly being here didn't seem so bad because I got to see Matt.[Chapter 4] Author's note: Hey guys! Here is chapter 4 of FBOW, I decided to update a few days early because I wanna start into all the movie action. So it is and I hope you enjoy! feel free to review! Once again thanks to my awesome Beta and to everyone who has followed the story and to those who left a review, I really appreciate it! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters, plotlines, dialogue or settings from The Haunting In Connecticut movie, I only own my OCs and anything you don't recognise from the movie. Chapter 4: Over the next few days I didn't see Matt that much because of his new treatment. I was kinda sad because it was nice having someone my age to talk to. I was getting really tired of my mom as well, these past few days I had to restrain myself from screaming at her more so than I usually do, I didn't really know why. On some level I think it's because of Matt, when we talked the other day I realised that just because I'm used to her treating me like crap doesn't mean she should get away with it. When I finished my latest chemo treatment I went back to the waiting room to wait on her. I waited… and waited… and waited. Where the hell was she? I must have been waiting for about two hours when I had finally had enough, I decided to just walk. It was obvious she wasn't gonna come lift me and if I left it any later she might even be pissed I wasn't home to cook dinner. So I decided to take it slow and start walking. I have a feeling this won't end well… What do you know? I was right! I'm about ten minutes from my house and I feel like I'm gonna collapse. My throat is dryer than the Sahara and my joints are aching really badly. I actually have to fight to keep my eyes open and my legs moving, both feel like they're gonna give out of me any second. I need to sit down. I dropped slowly to the pavement and rested my legs, I could see my house from where I sat but I didn't think I could make it without a rest. Then I heard something that confused the hell out of me, noise coming from the Aickman house. I looked up and sure enough it looked like there were people moving in. I didn't wanna be nosey but I felt bad for them, I wouldn't go near that house with a ten-foot pole. I watched as two guys were unloading stuff from a rather nice truck. One of the guys lifted a lamp and a box from the bed of the truck and I heard the other shout. \"Watch it!\" he must really like that truck. They talked for a few seconds and the guy holding the furniture turned to walk back into the house before his eyes caught mine. Oh my God, it's Matt! His face broke into a wide smile and he set down the furniture before coming over to me. I stood up unsteadily from the pavement and went over to meet him, not too gracefully, mind you. I kind of stumbled at the last minute and he grabbed my arms, I felt like shit but I couldn't help but smile. Only now out in the sun could I really see him, his eyes were a nice green and his hair was actually a light brown rather than blonde, damn those hospital lights! \"Whoah,\" he said gently \"you alright?\" \"Yeah fine I'm just glad to see you.\" I smiled. \"What were you doing on the pavement?\" he asked, confused. Oh, that. \"I was just talking a rest from my walk, I just felt a bit tired. My house is just over there.\" I pointed to the house just opposite his and down one. He seemed pleased at first then he looked back at where I was sitting. \"You must have been pretty tired since you didn't feel like you could make it to the house, where did you walk from?\" \"The hospital, my mom didn't come to pick me up after my treatment for ages so I decided to just walk.\" He looked back at me, his eyes blazing with anger. \"She made you walk the entire way here?\" he demanded. \"Yeah but it's fine.\" I said, trying to sound reassuring but he shook his head. \"No it's not. Come inside and we'll get you a glass of water or something, you look thirsty.\" \"N-no I'm fine really.\" I insisted, glancing fearfully at the house. I was about to start walking away but he wrapped one arm around my waist and started leading me towards the house gently. Damn him and his cute chivalry! We walked past the other guy who had picked up the furniture Matt left and he looked confused but smiled politely before following us in. I sat down in the kitchen and Matt handed me a glass of water, just then Sara came into the kitchen and smiled when she spotted me. \"Laura! What are you doing here?\" she looked at Matt who inclined his head towards the hall and she nodded before going out into the hall. Matt patted my hand and gave me a smile before going out and joining her. I didn't wanna eavesdrop (even though I knew they were talking about me) so I focused on drinking the water and I went over to the sink and rinsed out a glass before they came and joined me again. \"Laura?\" Sara said gently, \"can come with me to your house? I wanna talk to your mom.\" Oh, no. \"What about?\" I asked confused. \"I just wanna discuss something with her, Matt's coming too.\" I had a bad feeling but Matt held out his hand and I took it. We walked across to my house just as my mom was coming out of the house looking like she was going to a bar. \"There you are!\" she shouted, annoyed. \"What the hell took you so long? You were supposed to make dinner.\" Sara walked forward, \"She was at our house because she was so tired after walking all the way from the hospital. You should have picked her up, she shouldn't have to walk.\" She spoke sternly. \"She's not a little kid she can walk home by herself!\" my mom shot back, glaring at Sara and I. Matt tightened his hold on my hand. \"That's not the point! She has cancer; she's not supposed to walk this far on her own!\" \"Well I'm sick of her having to get special treatment all the time because of the cancer. She's had it for years and I'm sick of it. I didn't ask for a sick child.\" She spat. I shrunk into Matt's side; he wrapped an arm around me. \"She didn't ask to be sick! Neither did my son, what kind of a mother are you if you make your child feel guilty because she has cancer?\" Go Sara! \"Hey, I'm not gonna stand here and listen to this shit, Laura get inside,\" I stood there frozen, unsure of what to do. \"NOW!\" she shouted and I flinched, reluctantly getting free of Matt's grasp and walking forwards but Sara caught my arm and held me back. My mom glared at her before turning to me. \"Laura I swear if you don't get your ass in that house right now you will be packing your things and you won't be coming back.\" I was torn, I didn't wanna take any more of her but where was I gonna go? \"She can stay with us.\" Sara said, I stared at her in disbelief. My mom looked a bit surprised too but her expression became cold a second later. \"Fine, she can pack her stuff and get the hell out of my house, she won't be missed.\" She sneered and stormed to her car before speeding off. When I couldn't see the car anymore I turned to Sara. \"I can't stay with you. You guys already have enough to deal with without me. I couldn't impose on you like this.\" I tried to reason with her but her eyes had the same fire as Matt's had earlier. \"Nonsense, you are coming to stay with us and that's final.\" She gave me a hug before turning to Matt, who looked really happy. \"Matt? Go help Laura pack her things, I'll have Peter come over soon and help you guys take stuff over. She'll be staying in the basement with you because nowhere else has enough room for two. Is that okay Laura? \" Was she kidding? Of course it w- oh shit, a basement? That doesn't sound good. But I'll still be out of my house plus I'll have Matt to talk to. I nodded and she smiled at me again before walking off. I turned to Matt and he hugged me, I had a tough time keeping the tears away. \"It's gonna be alright now.\" He whispered into my hair. He stepped away but grabbed my hand and took me into the house; we went upstairs and packed up all my stuff. I didn't have much to pack, just some clothes and books and my drawings. I sketched a lot in my spare time and had gotten quite good at it. I was just closing my bag when I saw Matt go over to the wall with all my sketches on it and admire them. Somewhere of random things around the house, others were of outside in the different seasons. He turned to me with another amazing smile. \"These are really good.\" He said. \"Thanks,\" I blushed, \"I just sketch in my spare time.\" He carefully took them off the wall and put them in a bag. Soon his dad, or Peter as he insisted on being called, came over and helped us take everything over, we even took my bed and my desk. Hey, they were mine after all. We had just finished setting the beds down in the basement, which was very creepy by the way. I looked around nervously but Matt seemed pretty at ease. Peter looked around the room. \"Well it's a little dark but hey I was a teenager once. What's in there?\" he looked towards some old doors at one end of the room. They had weird glass in the windows that made it impossible to see what was on the other side. I gave an involuntary shiver; I had a bad feeling about them. \"I don't know. I couldn't open it.\" Matt said from his bed. Peter went over and tried to open them but it looked like they were locked. \"The knob turns but...\" he grunted as he tried to push it open, Matt and I both looked confused and he finally gave up. \"Maybe they sealed it for storage.\" What they wanted to store in there, I could do without knowing. He went upstairs and it was just me and Matt. He stood and gestured to the room. \"So what do you think?\" he asked with a smile on his face. \"Honestly? It's a little creepy,\" I said with an uneasy laugh, he nodded in agreement. \"But pretty cool.\" I added, not wanting to seem ungrateful, he smiled wider. I looked at the doors again and got an eerie feeling, I decided to distract myself and unpack my stuff. Matt came over and took my sketches out carefully with some tape and started sticking them to the wall in between our beds, I watched him after a while as he stood back to admire his handiwork. \"Very nice display if I do say so myself.\" I giggled, he turned and laughed. \"Maybe you could do some more of around the house and we can add to it?\" he asked. \"Sure.\" I smiled. He led me on a tour of the house and I met the rest of the family. Mary and Billy were really nice, very well behaved and Mary was so cute. Wendy was nice too and I liked her room although the birds on the wall were a bit weird. We walked around for a while talking about this and that before we decided to go down to the basement. When we got down Sara was mopping the floor. \"I still don't know why you wanna stay down here.\" She said disapprovingly, so I wasn't the only one that found it odd he picked this room. He smiled before walking over and trying to see though the glass of the doors. I didn't wanna see but curiosity got the better of me. We stood trying to see for a few seconds before he stood up and turned to his mom. \"Whoah! Mom\" he said in a panicked voice, I whipped my head around and the water she had been mopping the floor with had turned red. It was blood. \"What?\" she asked, oblivious. She continued spreading the blood around and my stomach heaved. She stopped moping and looked at us concerned. \"Are you okay?\" she asked. I nodded, not trusting my voice. \"Yeah just thanks for cleaning our room.\" She smiled and Matt and I shared a look, he had seen it too. I didn't wanna mention anything in front of Sara so I guess I'll talk to him later. We all went upstairs to get dinner ready, despite Sara telling me I didn't need to help I felt guilty and said I wanted to do something. So I was pouring juice into glasses whilst she was making scrambled egg and Matt was getting the dishes out of the cupboard. Suddenly I heard a sound coming from upstairs, was that a bird flapping its wings? Matt was looking towards the sound as well and he sat the cutlery down on the table, he looked at the table confused and then back to the cupboard he had taken the plates out of. They were all back in the cupboard. \"Why'd you put the plates back?\" he asked. \"What?\" Sara turned around and he looked back and forth between the two of us. \"Well I put the plates out and now they're… back.\" He said hesitantly. \"I didn't touch them sweetheart.\" Sara said gently. \"Me neither.\" I added. \"Are you alright?\" she asked him, worried. He nodded uneasily and she gave an unsure smile before going back to the eggs. He turned towards the cupboard as I watched him but I had only just blinked and the plates came out of nowhere and crashed onto the floor. We all jumped and then reached down to pick up the shards. \"Oh! Oh that's… no that was my fault. I shouldn't have… they were too heavy.\" She tried to make him feel better but I could have sworn they moved on their own. \"No, it's okay. I didn't drop them.\" Matt said. \"Well, how did they get on-\"she started to ask, confused. \"I don't know! I saw them up there and I just… I don't know.\" Matt stood up and spoke frantically, trying to find out how it happened. \"You know, Dr Brooks said-\"she began but he cut her off. \"I know what Dr Brook said okay? He said that if I'm seeing things then he'll drop me from the trial.\" \"But if you-\"she began but he cut her off again. \"I'm not seeing things. I'm just… tired and I remember I put the dishes too close to the edge so...\" I knew he was lying but I knew this trial meant a lot to him, he couldn't afford to lose out on the treatment. Sara tried to reason with him. \"You know, you tell me if something like that happens. Promise?\" she asked. \"Yeah I promise. I'm so sorry I broke the dishes.\" Matt said quietly, I felt so bad for him. \"It's okay, sweetie.\" She assured him before going out of the room to search for the dustpan. I bent down again to pick up some more shards. \"You don't have to do that,\" Matt said, getting down to help me, \"I broke them so I should clean up.\" I put my hand on his arm and he looked at me, I stared right into his eyes and resisted the urge to blush. \"I know you didn't do it.\" I said quietly, his eyes widened. \"Did you see them fall?\" he asked, hope in his eyes. \"No I blinked and they were on the floor out of nowhere. I heard that noise upstairs and I know you had out the plates on the table to when they went back in the cupboard I knew something was up. So you're not seeing things, I saw it too.\" I assured him; he sighed in relief and took my hand in his. \"Thank you.\" He said sincerely. I smiled and was pleased when he smiled back. We both managed to clear up the big shards and I got the dustpan off Sara when she came back in. Soon the plate incident was forgotten and we went out the back. Peter chased Mary and Billy around the yard before running over to the burgers hoping they weren't cremated by now. I sat a few steps below Matt and sketched the lattice beside me with some nice leaves growing on it. I was in a little world of my own, until Peter broke my trance as he talked to Matt. \"Remember when we used to go camping when you were young? Every night you would fall asleep counting the stars and you could never finish. Used to drive you nuts.\" He chuckled and I looked at Matt who had a sad expression on his face. \"You know that most of the stars we see are already dead?\" he asked in a dead tone, I looked at him sympathetically. \"They look pretty alive to me.\" Peter said. \"That's 'cause they haven't gotten the news yet.\" Matt replied before getting up and walking inside, Peter watched after him with a guilty expression and then smiled at me. \"Did you go camping much?\" he asked. \"When I was younger my friends and I would but not really after I found out I was sick.\" I hesitated before continuing, \"I wanna thank you for letting me stay Peter, I really appreciate you taking me in even though we're not family and you could be doing without the added expense.\" \"Don't worry about a thing sweetie; we're glad to have you. It'll be good for Matt having someone around that knows how he feels.\" He said with a smile. I smiled back but couldn't help but think that of all the things you could have in common with a guy, cancer wasn't the best. But I forgot about it after a while and just enjoyed how much my life had improved in just a few hours. I walked down to the basement with Matt to get ready for bed, this was kinda awkward. I have never shared a room with anyone; we both got our pyjamas and then went to walk to the bathroom at the same time. We both stopped short and laughed before he gestured for me to go first. \"Ladies first,\" He said with a smile. Can he be any more chivalrous? \"Thanks.\" I smiled and went in to get changed. I only had a tank top and some shorts; I didn't really wear a lot to bed in the summer. I changed and went to the mirror to brush my hair. I looked at my reflection and sighed, I wasn't exactly beautiful. I had dark brown hair that curls loosely down my back when I leave it down. I had brown eyes but with some shadows under them, this seemed to make them look darker than they were. I was really skinny but not in a great way, more like I look like I haven't eaten in weeks. I washed my pale skin and just as I looked into the mirror to see if I had gotten all the suds off I jumped. There was a charred figure standing behind me, he was a little taller than me and was looking at me in the mirror. He was making a sounds that was somewhere between a growl and a cough and I slowly turned around to look at him properly. He was gone. I looked back at my reflection and there was no one there. Weird. I walked back into the bedroom and Matt went into the bathroom after me, I noticed when he came out he didn't look any different so I assumed he hadn't seen the guy, maybe it was just me. Matt came back in and went over to his bed and lay down. \"Night, Laura.\" He said quietly. \"Night, Matt.\" I replied a few seconds later, I hoped I didn't sound too freaked-out. A while later I went to sleep but all of a sudden I could feel myself sitting up and when I opened my eyes I was sitting up in bed, I was about to lie back down when I noticed there were lights on in the room across from us, behind the doors. I could faintly see two men in the room, they were both looking down and focusing on something in front of them and suddenly the one facing me and matt looked up, first at Matt and then at me. When he looked at me I could feel ice going down my spine, he looked at me for a second and then down again. I watched him for a few seconds but his head remained down. Then I blinked and the doors were dark again, you couldn't see a thing behind them. I looked over at Matt and he was staring at me with wide eyes. I got up and walked slowly over to his bed and sat down on the edge. \"What did you see?\" I asked him. He breathed deeply for a few seconds before answering. \"I woke up and I was sitting up in bed and there were two guys in that room. One of them looked at me... and it was like... I was him, seeing things through his eyes. I could see the other guy carving these weird symbols into the skin of this person lying on a table, I think they were dead.\" He gulped, \"and then he took a pair of scissors and cut one of the eyelids off. And that's all, I blinked and I was back in my body and you were sitting up. Did you see it too?\" he asked in a small voice. \"I woke up and I was sitting up too and I could see the two guys. One of them looked at you and then at me but I didn't go anywhere, I just stayed staring at him for a few seconds and then I blinked and he was gone. I looked over and you were sitting up. Are you alright?\" I asked he looked a little freaked out. \"Yeah it's just... it was really weird.\" He admitted quietly. \"I know, some strange shit is going on in this house, and I think some even stranger stuff happened in that room.\" He looked at me and then got slowly out of bed and started walking towards the doors. I got up quickly and grabbed his hand to stop him. \"No Matt!\" I begged in a whisper. \"It's alright.\" He whispered back and started walking again, he kept hold of my hand and I walked quietly after him. He reached out for the doorknob and there was a sizzling sound as he jerked his hand back. \"AH!\" he exclaimed. I took his wrist with my free hand and examined what looked like a serious burn. It was already starting to blister. \"Come on.\" I said gently and tugged him towards the bathroom. I wet a facecloth and gently laid it over his hand. He sat on the toilet and I kneeled in front of him to make sure there was no dirt or rust on the burn. When I looked up he was watching me and I tried to smile but couldn't manage it. In the end I took his other hand in mine and gave it a reassuring squeeze and he held it tightly. He leant his forehead against mine and we stayed like that for a few minutes, of course I had to ruin it by yawning. He chuckled, \"Come on, let's get back to bed.\" He helped me up by the hand and held it on the way back to his room. I took him back over to his bed and helped him with the sheets so he wouldn't have to use his injured hand. When I was done I looked at him and smiled before leaning down and quickly kissing his forehead and then going back over to my bed. I went to sleep on my side so I could watch Matt and make sure he would be alright. Soon my eyelids drooped and I fell asleep.[Chapter 5] Author's note: Hey everyone, here is Chapter 5! I would like to thank my Beta again for all her help with this chapter and everyone who gave me support as I wrote this, love you guys! I'm glad so many people are reading this, it really makes my day :) I'd also like some more reviews if you guys don't mind just to see if people are liking it well enough, if you could leave one and let me know what you think I'd really appreciate it! Disclaimer: I don't own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, if I did that would just be amazing but unfortunately I only own Laura and anything you don't recognise from the movie. The next morning Matt, Sara and I headed to the hospital pretty early. I had to get more chemo and Matt and Sara had to meet Dr Brooks to review his progress. I sat in the chair and thought about the night before, how the hell did that happen? First I see a guy that looks like Freddy Kruger; then Matt has an out-of-body experience with a guy and sees some dead body get messed with and then he burns his hand on a doorknob. A doorknob for crying out loud! His hand still looked pretty bad today but he had brushed off any concern, saying he was alright. I just wondered how he was gonna explain the burn. \"Hello Laura.\" A gentle voice said beside me. I turned and saw Reverend Popescu sitting beside me with a nice smile. He was a real nice guy, we would talk sometimes when we had treatment together and I enjoyed our conversations. He knew I wasn't the holy type; I've not really been to church a lot since I was little, but he never tried to initiate me into a cult or anything which I appreciated. He had a way of looking at things, like every bad thing happens for a good reason that I really admired. \"Hi Reverend,\" I replied with a small smile. \"How are you?\" \"Not too good my dear, not too good,\" He said with a sad smile. \"How are you?\" he asked, he had always been concerned for me ever since he found out what my mom was like. \"I'm great actually, I moved out.\" He looked surprised but happy, I continued with a smile, \"A new family moved into a house on my street and I had met their son Matt a few times while I was in for my treatment and they took me in so I'm living with them now.\" \"That's great, do you like living with them?\" I hesitated, I felt like I could tell Popescu but I didn't wanna risk him thinking I was insane and trying to perform and exorcism, so I kept upbeat. \"Yeah I really do, their son is around my age and we get on really well, there are other kids in the house too so I have plenty of company and the parents are really nice.\" \"I'm glad my dear, it's about time the Lord gave you a break.\" He said. Hell yeah , I thought. We continued to make small talk until I was finished and I went out to the waiting room where Sara was waiting for Matt to finish his treatment. When he came back he was very weak and we had to help him to the car. I sat in the back with him and held his hand to reassure him. We did have to pull over so I could be sick, but only once. Sara had to practically tie Matt to the car to stop him from coming over to see if I was alright. When we got back to the house Sara and I helped Matt up to the porch. \"Careful. Watch your step. Okay, you're almost there.\" She encouraged him. As we reached the porch he sighed in relief. \"Thank you.\" He breathed. \"Okay I forgot my purse, honey okay? I'll be right back. Just wait right here guys, alright?\" I nodded as she headed back down the steps. \"Okay.\" Matt breathed and reached out to lean on a pillar. I gasped as his hand went through and came out covered in guts and body parts. I walked over and looked closer, I could see the maggots moving around in his hand and my stomach convulsed and I ran inside and downstairs to throw up. When I was done I sat on the floor of the bathroom, breathing heavy. Matt came in a few minutes later and looked at me on the floor sympathetically. \"Did you see that?\" he asked, I nodded meekly, not trusting my voice. \"I saw it too but the pillar is fine, it's solid and there's nothing on my hand.\" I got up and went over to look and sure enough his hand was dry and empty, no guts. I slowly traced the lines of his hands and looked up into his eyes. \"What did the doctor say about your other hand?\" I asked suddenly. \"Non-contact dermatitis caused by the treatment.\" He replied smoothly, I nodded, still tracing along his hand. \"Did you say anything about what we've seen?\" I asked in a low voice. He shook his head. \"No.\" I nodded and walked into the bedroom; he followed me in and sat on my bed. I looked at him, unsure of what to say, do we talk about what happened? After a few seconds I gave up and lay down with a sigh, he joined me and we lay side by side, not talking for what seemed like ages. Finally he rolled onto his elbow and looked at me, \"You doing okay after the treatment?\" he asked and I momentarily got lost in his eyes before he raised an eyebrow and I remembered what he asked. \"Yeah it was just… your hand… I just got a little freaked out and the chemo certainly didn't help so I just felt sick. I'm fine now though.\" I said in what I hoped was a convincing manner, I looked away but he kept looking at my face. I looked back expecting to see a sceptical expression, telling me that I was full of shit and that I wasn't fine. Instead he was just looking at me intently, his eyes straying over my features and up to my hair, he reached up and brushed a curl off my face and didn't move his hand. He traced down the side of my face to my chin and titled in towards him, leaning in. Oh God this is about to be my first kiss ever. I didn't even have time to question it, I just leaned towards him and our lips were just about to touch. \"Matt, Laura!\" Sara shouted from the top of the stairs, we jerked away from each other but she couldn't see us, still it had scared the crap out of me. \"Do you want anything to eat or drink?\" \"No thanks!\" we shouted in unison and went back to staring at each other, although the tension wasn't as thick as before. I gave a sheepish smile and he returned it before lying back down on the bed beside me. I tried to even out my breathing and hide my disappointment at the interruption. We stayed like that for another while and then my stomach growled, I guess I was hungry. Matt chuckled and got off the bed before offering me his hand to help me get up. I took it and stood and he wrapped his arm around my waist. \"Come on, let's get you fed.\" He chuckled. \"Thanks.\" I smiled, a bit embarrassed, I would have rather kissed him but food sounds good right about now. Matt made us some pancakes and I put on a pot of coffee because I was feeling a bit tired and we sat down to eat. It was a little awkward considering we were on the verge of making out not ten minutes before but soon Billy, Mary and Wendy came down to join us. Wendy sat glancing back and forth between me and Matt and I looked at her, confused. A sly grin appeared on her face and I knew she had sense what was going on. Oh crap, act natural! I tried to look nonchalant but while I was looking around the kitchen I caught Matt's gaze and he gave me one of those smiles that I can't resist. I smiled and blushed before looking down. When I looked up Wendy had an eyebrow raised and was smirking. Oh, shit. I tried to find some distraction so I took my plate and cup out from the dining room and into the kitchen, I was happy to spend a few minutes in here until I could escape down to the basement quietly. \"So… you and Matt?\" she said from about two feet behind me, I gasped and whirled around, the woman is as silent as the grave! She had her arms folded over her chest and her eyebrow raised again, this was not good. \"What! No, no, no there is no me and Matt. Why on earth would you think that?\" I asked in what was probably the least convincing manner ever, I sounded like I was trying to cover up my involvement in a murder or something. \"Oh come on you know I know! The looks you two give each other are like out of some cheesy rom-com movie! And you can't even look at him anymore without blushing! So spill!\" she demanded. I sighed, \"Well we kind of were almost gonna kiss when we came back but Sara interrupted so I was blushing because we had nearly kissed.\" \"Ugh boring.\" She groaned, \"I was expecting something a bit more romantic!\" \"Then go read a romance novel! You're not getting any juicy details about what I do with your cousin from me.\" I said, laughing. I stopped when she got a look on her face that told me I was in trouble. \"Well if you won't tell me, maybe I should go ask Matt.\" And she made her way to the door before I tackled her in a desperate attempt to stop her. We were both laughing and I was sort of sitting on top of her, so you can kind of guess how awkward things got when Matt walked into the kitchen. \"Whoah, uh… What are you doing?\" He said with raised eyebrows. He looked at us a bit amused. \"Oh I um, I kind of tackled Wendy because she said… Stand By Me was a bad film!\" I cringed at my excuse, I loved the movie but I would never tackle someone over not liking it. \"O… kay.\" He smiled and stood there before slowly walking back to the dining room where Billy and Mary were. As soon as we were sure he was out of earshot we started laughing and I climbed off her \"For the record I love Stand By Me.\" She said, laughing \"Was that really all you could think of?\" \"Oh I'm sorry, I didn't think of telling him that I had to tackle his cousin like a line-backer because she is insistent on finding it about our love life.\" I laughed but smacked my hands over my mouth when I saw her smile of triumph. \"So you do have a love life!\" she exclaimed. \"Shhhhhh! Yes okay fine maybe something will happen, we don't know but until then you are not to say anything. No hints, secret looks or anything around me and Matt, or I will shave your head while you sleep.\" I ordered. She clutched her scalp. \"Okay, okay! Just don't hurt my hair!\" She begged and I laughed. Matt and I didn't speak about the almost-kiss, I was kind of glad. Not that I didn't wanna kiss him but I wasn't used to feeling this way about someone. That night we got into our beds and I went to sleep quite quickly. But it didn't last long. I opened my eyes and looked over at Matt who looked like he had just woken up too, he looked at me and we stared at each other for a few seconds before we heard a sound and jerked our heads around to look at the doors. They were opening. We both got out of bed and stood side by side, I looked at him and he took my hand before we walked into the room together. It looked like something from a nightmare, one of those creepy rooms that you see in horror movie, I was just waiting for a mad scientist to appear from somewhere. There was a table in the middle of the room big enough to fit a person on. Bottles and utensils lay around the room, some had cobwebs on them. I slowly walked around and looked at everything. My eyes settled on a cremator at the back of the room and I walked over to look at it, the closer I got the worse I felt. I reached out a hand to touch it and as my fingers came in contact with the metal a jolt of electricity ran up my arm. In that same instant a scream pierced my ears and I clapped my hands over them, it felt like it had burst my eardrums. It was a desperate scream, filled with terror, my eyes began to water and I crouched on the floor. I could almost feel the pain that caused that scream. I slowly got up and looked over at Matt who was staring at me with an unreadable expression on his face. Most of the time, I felt comforted when he looked at me, now I didn't feel so safe. I stared back, not knowing what to do, until he finally broke the stare and started walking around the room. I made sure to keep my distance, something about him felt off, like he wasn't himself. I walked around a bit more and realised I had seen the inside of this room the other night in my dream, how was that possible. I didn't realise that I stopped walking until Matt touched my arm; I gave a small yelp and turned around to face him. His face was inches from mine and his eyes looked strange, glazed-over like he was still half asleep. \"Do you know what this place was?\" he asked in a low voice. \"I had heard it was a funeral home, but I didn't know for sure.\" I said, damn my stupid voice for shaking so bad. \"Do you know what happened here?\" he asked. \"No… but I have a feeling whatever happened wasn't good.\" I said and slowly pulled my arm from his grasp. He stayed in the spot for a few more minutes and eventually we both made our way around the room again. By the time the sky started to get lighter I had every detail imprinted in my mind, something about the room drew me in, but for all the wrong reasons. Before I knew it, it was the next morning and billy came down to the basement in search of Matt and I. \"Matt? Laura? Where are you?\" he asked, standing in the middle of our bedroom. \"We're in here.\" Matt answered from beside me. Billy walked in and surveyed the room with a hint of wonder in his eyes. \"Whoah,\" he said, impressed, \"How did you guys get in here?\" Matt didn't seem like he was going to answer and I wasn't about to tell a little kid it opened by itself in the middle of the night. \"I uh tried opening it again this morning and we eventually got it open!\" I lied, he looked around the room. \"What is this place?\" he said, going over to a table and picking up one of the tools to investigate. Matt leaned on the table in the middle of the room and it sifted to the side, giving out an eerier squeak as it turned. Billy set the tool down and turned. \"Hop on...\" Matt said in a tone I didn't like, it seemed like he was still acting weird. \"Take you for a ride.\" He said to Billy and started to turn the table, turning it faster each time. \"Slow down!\" Billy begged but Matt wouldn't stop, I stepped forward to stop him but as the table turned more and more I could see flashes. It looked like two guys were lifting a body from a coffin and setting something inside to replace the body. The flashes continued and Billy starting shouting. \"Matt! Matt! Laura! Stop! Let me off!\" I eventually had enough and grabbed Matt's arm to try and bring him back to reality. He stopped turning the table and Billy sat up just as Peter came down. \"What's going on down here?\" Peter asked. \"What's wrong with you?\" Billy asked in a low voice as he looked fearfully at Matt. I kept my hand on his arm and gave it a sympathetic squeeze; I could tell he wasn't himself. \"I guess I must have loosened it.\" Peter said, obviously pleased with himself. I watched as he looked up and it clicked as to what the room was. He walked around and looked at everything. \"Good Lord!\" he said as he picked up a tool that looked like it was designed to cut flesh or something. \"Now we know why the rent was so cheap.\" He added in a quiet voice. He went upstairs and Billy followed him, I realised I was still holding onto Matt's arm and I let go in case he was still feeling weird but when he turned his eyes on me they seemed like they were back to normal. \"Did you see that?\" He asked, inclining his head to the table, he meant the flashes. \"Yes,\" I answered, trying not to let my voice shake, \"I saw flashes of what looked like two guys take a body from a coffin and replace it with some bags or something.\" \"Sandbags,\" he said, \"They weigh enough that if you put a bunch of them in a coffin so you think there would still be a body inside.\" \"Do you think it was the same two guys we saw the other night?\" I asked. I couldn't make them out too well when I was seeing it. \"I think so. You said last night that you heard this was a funeral home? Why didn't you say anything before?\" he asked and I looked down, feeling bad I didn't tell him. He lifted my chin and looked into my eyes. \"I'm not mad, I just wanna know if you know anything about what happened here?\" \"I know and I should have told you only I never knew for sure. When I was little I thought it was just a scary story that the older kids here would tell us to scare us. They said this place was a funeral home run by a man called Ramsey Aickman and he had an assistant named Jonah I think, they did funeral preparations and everything. Apparently they pretty much kept to themselves but all of a sudden people would always be at the house, it was always being visited by people, something to do with them being in the newspaper. Then one night a group of people went in and never came back out, all of them plus Ramsey were found dead and Jonah disappeared, no one knows what happened to him. I never believed them though but I always got an eerie feeling when I looked at the house or walked past. It got worse since I got cancer, I felt like something was wrong with the house and I don't know what but it's something terrible.\" I finished trying to hold off the shaking as I thought of what could make this house feel so bad. Matt wrapped his arms around me in a tight hug as I calmed down, he kissed my forehead and leaned back to look at me. \"Nothing is gonna happen, okay? You'll be fine.\" He assured me and I nodded, although I had a bad feeling that something actually would happen. The rest of the day was a bit tense, Billy kept his distance from Matt and this seemed to make Matt feel bad, I know he didn't mean to scare Billy. I spent the rest of the day with Matt but things felt pretty strained, I just kept thinking about what could have happened here. Finally Sara called us upstairs for dinner and we all sat at the table, I sat to the left of Matt with Billy beside me. Peter sat at the head of the table. \"Okay, so…\" He began, \"We all know now that this place was a funeral home, big deal. It's not now and it hasn't been for years and years. It's just a house with bricks and nails and wood. It's our house until Matt finishes at the hospital.\" I noticed when he said this Matt looked up at me; I kept my eyes on the table even though I knew what he was thinking. When they were done here they would leave, so what would happen to me? There was no way they would take me with them because I still get treatment here and I'm not their child, they don't owe me anything. So I guess I'll be going back with my mom… great. As I think this through Peter continues talking, \"And we're all under a lot of stress. So we need to pull together, like a team, okay? That includes Laura as she is now part of the family.\" I looked up, shocked. Everyone smiled at me and I felt like maybe there was hope. \"Okay. So who wants to say grace? Matt?\" Peter asked and Matt looked up before nodding and we all joined hands. As I took Matt's hand I felt a sudden jolt and my vision blurred. When I looked up there were different people at the table and the lighting was dark. I looked around and where the rest of the family had been sitting there were now strangers sitting with their hands joined. I looked to where Matt had been sitting and saw a boy not much older than me. He had dark hair and wore a grey suit, he had his eyes closed and looked like he was concentrating on something. Suddenly he started to convulse slightly and spasm uncontrollably, I could feel him hold tightly to my hand. What the hell was going on? The table starts to shake and I am getting really freaked out. All of a sudden I blink and I'm back at the table with the Campbell family and Matt is gripping my hand tightly in his. \"Matt? Laura? What's wrong?\" Peter asked and everyone looked concerned. \"It's the medicines or maybe the treatments they're getting.\" Sara glanced worriedly between us. Matt turns to Wendy. \"Didn't you see it?\" he asks in a low voice and she looks towards Peter worriedly. As she does this Matt glances at me and I give a tiny nod to let him know I saw it too, I can see his relieved that he's not the only one that saw it. \"Come on guys.\" Wendy says gently and Matt stands up and tugs my hand which is still fused to his and we walk downstairs. When we got down Wendy and Matt sat on their beds and I sat on mine with my arms wrapped around my knees. \"So what happened?\" Wendy asks us but I keep my eyes down. Matt decides to distract her. \"Do you remember that book I used to read when we were little kids? The one with all the weird pictures? The Man Who Wasn't There?\" he asks and Wendy laughs. \"I used to love that book.\" Matt added fondly. \"Yeah, I remember.\" Wendy says. \"When I was walking up the stairs, I saw a man who wasn't there; he wasn't there again today, oh how I wish he'd go away.\" They finish together and I give a small smile as I remember reading the poem somewhere when I was younger. \"Do you remember the other one?\" Matt asks a moment later. \"Maybe… Which one?\" Wendy asks confused. \"It was one bright day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight, back to back they faced each other, they drew their swords and they shot each other. A deaf policeman, he heard the noise and he came and he killed those two dead boys.\" He said in a quiet voice. I had never heard that poem but hearing it now sent shivers up my spine. I looked over at Wendy who looked a little freaked. \"Matt, you're scaring me.\" She said in a nervous voice and I looked to Matt, if only she knew how scared we were. \"Yeah, join the club.\" Matt said and I followed his line of sight over to the windows of the other room. I could see the outline of the burned man again and I got a really bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. \"You alright?\" Wendy asked me and I took a second to realise she was talking to me, I nodded and she got up. \"Are you guys coming back upstairs then?\" she asked and I shook my head. \"I think I'll just stay down here, I'm not feeling too good so I might have an early night.\" I said and Matt looked at me before turning to Wendy. \"I think I'll do the same, we'll get some later if we wake up hungry.\" She nodded and left the room. Matt came over and sat across from me on my bed. We stared at each other for a few minutes before I decided to ask. \"What the hell happened up there?\" I asked and he shrugged. \"I don't know. What did you see?\" he asked and shifted closer. \"I took your hand and the next thing I know I'm sitting at the table with a bunch of strangers and there's a guy in your seat looking like he's having a fit and no one does anything! He gripped my hand really tight and the table started to shake. Next thing I know I blink and I'm back at the table. What did you see?\" I asked. \"I saw the same thing only I was still in my seat and instead of you being in your seat there was a woman there, a few years older than you. I could feel my body moving and I could hear all these weird sounds, like people crying in the distance and a baby crying for its mother. Then I blinked and I was back at the table again.\" He said and I stood up, trying to comprehend what was going on. \"Okay so, so far we've established that there is a creepy-ass room next to ours that was used to prepare dead bodies for burial, someone switched some bodies with sandbags and now that? Was that a séance?\" I asked, I had only ever heard of one and thought that maybe that was the general idea, everyone sits at a table holding hands at night and they contact spirits, it would explain why Matt heard the voices, he was probably the medium that was contacting the ghosts. \"But why is all this happening? I mean why are we being shown all this shit and why is there all this freaky stuff happening here?\" my voice started to rise in hysteria as I thought of how ludicrous it all sounded. Matt grabbed my hand and pulled me onto his lap as I broke down sobbing, I couldn't handle this, why was this happening to us? He smoothed my hair and rubbed my back as I calmed down and I finally managed to breathe regularly. \"Sorry.\" I whispered, here I was having a mental breakdown on him, like he didn't have enough to deal with. \"It's alright, I get it. It's a lot to deal with.\" He whispered and I nodded. He put an arm under my knees and put me under my covers before sitting on the bed. \"We're gonna figure this out, there has to be a reason behind all this stuff and I promise we'll fine it, alright?\" I nodded and he went to go to his bed. \"Wait.\" I whispered and caught his arm, \"Will you stay with me?\" I asked in a small voice, I didn't wanna hassle him but I was scared to go to sleep on my own. \"Of course.\" He answered and slid into the bed beside me before wrapping his arms around me and kissing my forehead. I laid my head on his shoulder and finally I felt safe. \"Thank you. Goodnight Matt.\" I whispered. \"Goodnight Laura.\"[Chapter 6] Author's note: Hey everyone, here is Chapter 6! Sorry for the slightly late update, I'm trying to update every Monday or so but I was a bit late this week, hopefully from here on out I'll update in time! This chapter is a bit of a filler because I wanted to space out the events of the movie so they don't all happen within what seems like a fortnight, I want some freaky stuff to happento Laura and not just Matt and I also wanted to have a bit more Matt and Laura time, so this chapter is full of fluff! Once again thanks to my awesome Beta, all my friends and to anyone reading the story, thanks for everything! Enjoy Chapter 6 and please review! Disclaimer: I don't own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, all I own are my OCs and anything you don't recognise from the movie. A few days later I sat in Dr Brooks' office as we were about to talk about my progress with the chemo treatment. The few days before had been pretty normal, nothing had really happened that was too freaky so I was relieved. Still, it didn't stop me from looking over my shoulder all the time and being extra jumpy. Matt and I decided to pretend that everything was normal, we didn't wanna freak out the rest of the family anymore and so we just went on as usual. I did a few more sketches of around the house and we stuck them on the wall, but I stopped when I came down to find a sketch I did of the door to the room on the floor for the third time in just over an hour, it didn't matter how many times I stuck it up, it would be on the floor between our beds every time I came down. Things between Matt and I were a little awkward, I had yet to figure out how I felt about him. I loved talking to him and it felt good to have a friend through all this, but was that all I wanted him to be? When we nearly kissed I felt disappointed, like I wanted to kiss him. But I didn't know if it was just because we were in the moment or if I really liked him that way. I was interrupted over my analysis of the past few days by Dr Brooks clearing his throat and shuffling some papers on his desk before placing his hands on the desk and looking at me. \"So Laura, there is something I need to talk to you about.\" He began and I had a feeling I knew what it was. \"Let me guess, things aren't going as well as planned.\" I said and he swallowed before continuing. \"Well when we started this treatment program your cancer seemed as though it was manageable, there were not a lot of tumours developing and the majority that were forming were harmless. There were times when you would have a rapid rise in cells but it would always go down a short time after due to the treatment you're on. However as we've gone on with the treatment your cancer has gotten more aggressive and frankly the chemo is having very little effect on the rapid division of your lymphocytes now, the cell count is getting higher and we have no way of stopping it. As a result more and more parts of your body have been affected and there are now a lot of very harmful tumours forming around some of your major organs. The worst part is that we have no way of slowing it down anymore, it's gotten too strong for any treatments to handle.\" \"How long will I have before my organs start acting up?\" I asked. \"It could be a few weeks, maybe a month or two if we're lucky. The most harmful tumours are around your lungs which can be very dangerous as if they get too fragile they can collapse on you and you could die.\" He answered in a sad tone and I nodded. \"So there's nothing more you can do?\" I asked. \"Nothing that we believe will have any effect. I'm very sorry Laura but there is little or no chance you will survive much longer than a few weeks.\" \"Alright, thank you for all you've done these past few years, Doctor.\" I answered numbly. I stood and thanked the doctor for everything he did and left the office, as I walked out to meet Matt I felt numb. I spotted him and Reverend Popescu talking and walked over; they both looked up at me and smiled. \"How did it go?\" Matt asked. I kept my gaze down because I knew he would be able to tell if I was lying. \"Alright, the doctor said there wasn't much change but my cell count has gone down enough so that I won't need any more chemo.\" I lied and it hurt to see the happiness in his eyes but I couldn't bear to tell him that I had only a few weeks left, he reached out and took my hand and pulled me onto his lap. I smiled at him and turned to Reverend Popescu who was watching us with a smile on his face. \"So how are you Laura?\" Popescu asked kindly. \"I'm fine Reverend thanks for asking. This is Matt, remember I was telling you his family took me in?\" he smiled and nodded. \"Ah yes. It's nice to meet you Matt, and thank you for doing that for Laura, it was very nice of you.\" \"No problem.\" Matt smiled at me, \"She was worth it.\" He added and I blushed. Soon enough Matt was finished at the hospital and we waited on Sara. When we got home I went out the back and lay on the grass, letting the sun's rays soak into my skin. I closed my eyes and listened to the leaves rustling on the trees and the sounds of the neighbourhood around me. A cool breeze drifted over my face. Soon enough I heard footsteps approach and I opened my eyes to see Matt standing over me with an amused smirk on his face. \"What on earth are you doing?\" he laughed. \"Catching some sun, care to join me?\" I asked and he chuckled before lying down beside me. \"Well I have been looking a little pale recently.\" He said and I giggled before closing my eyes again. A few minutes later I could feel him trace the back of my hand with his finger before laying his hand over mine. I turned mine so my palm faced upwards and linked my fingers with his. I opened my eyes and he was looking over at me with one of those smiles that made my heart flutter. It was moments like these when I couldn't deny I was falling for him. But I didn't wanna ruin our friendship by making a move only to have him not feel the same way. But it was moments like these when I thought he did feel the same. He would get this look in his eyes and I swear I could see the love in them, but the moments were brief because something would always interrupt. Now that it was just the two of us with no interruptions I could feel the tension I felt that time we almost kissed. I wasn't sure if it was just me or not so I decided to turn away and look at the sky again. Out of the corner of my eye I could see him doing the same. The silence was actually comfortable, I had noticed we talked a lot but when we didn't it was just as nice, we felt comfortable enough around each other that not every silence had to be broken. I sighed happily and I could hear him chuckle. \"What are you thinking about?\" he asked, I turned to look at him, he had that amused look on his face again. \"Nothing really, just enjoying the silence. It's nice. For once you're not talking.\" I giggled and he poked me in the side which only made me laugh harder. When I opened my eyes I could see his eyes had a devilish glint and suddenly he was poking my sides and tickling me. I shrieked and laughed as I tried to squirm away but he kept me in place. After a few minutes of me laughing until tears streaked down my face and begging through my laughter for him to stop I finally got a hold of both of his wrists and pushed him onto the grass, pinning his arms to either side of his head. I looked down and he smiled back up at me, his green eyes sparkling in the sun and his hair looking light and soft. My brown curls were falling down one side of my face and casting shadows along his face, which now looked even more handsome. We remained unmoving except for our heavy breathing after laughing so much, until he gently pried one hand out of my grasp to tuck some of my curls behind my ear. His hand gently traced over my cheekbone and rested on the side of my face. I closed my eyes and leaned into his hand. When I opened them again he had that same look in his eyes only this time I had no doubt he felt the same. I gently leaned down and pressed my lips to his. As I kissed him, every Hollywood cliché I thought was a pile of crap flew through my body, fireworks were whizzing through my body, everything around us faded into a haze and it felt like we were the only two people in the world and my heart was beating faster and slower at the same time. His hands went to my waist and mine gently lay on his chest, careful not to hurt his radiation burns. For a few minutes everything else faded away, there was no cancer, no strange happenings or feelings of losing our grips on sanity; we just had a perfect moment right in the middle of hell. After a few minutes I needed to breath and I pulled away put leant my forehead on his. He gave me a breath-taking smile and I had to resist the urge to kiss him again and forget about breathing. \"I've wanted to do that for ages.\" I confessed and he chuckled. \"Yeah, me too. Kind of been wanting to since we met.\" He said and I had a smile on my face that felt like it was going to crack my lips it was that wide. He stood up and offered me his hands and we stood and walked hand-in-hand to the house. \"What shall we do now?\" I asked as we came through the back door, he shrugged. \"Wanna watch a movie?\" he said and I smiled. \"Sure. Do you have any good movies or do you want me to grab one from my bag?\" I asked. \"Hmmm what ones do you have?\" he asked. I thought for a moment before answering. \"How about Stand By Me?\" I asked and he nodded before laughing, \"What?\" I asked. \"Well I wanna watch it and then I thought that even if I didn't want to I may have had to, I don't wanna get tackled by you for not liking it.\" He laughed and I remembered my lame excuse for tackling Wendy. I laughed nervously. \"Oh yeah, um that wasn't the reason I tackled her,\" I said and he looked confused, \"After we almost kissed she kind of figured out there was something between us and she cornered me in the kitchen and when I wouldn't fess up she went to ask you and I kind of tackled her.\" I said and he laughed. \"Would it have really been that bad for her to ask me?\" he asked with a smirk. \"Well in hindsight no, but I didn't want anything to put you off in case there was something between us, so I did what any rational person would do and tackled her to shut her up.\" I giggled and he walked over and gave me a peck on the lips. \"Understandable, so my health won't be in danger if I say I don't wanna watch the movie?\" he asked, unsure. \"No but it's amazing so we are going to watch it. Please?\" I asked and pecked him on the lips before giving him the puppy-dog eyes. He sighed dramatically. \"Fine!\" he asked and I grabbed his hand and dragged him into the sitting room. We put the movie on and sat close to each other on the couch. After while Wendy came down and went to walk past us to the armchair when she noticed how I was almost sitting on Matt's lap with his arms tight around me and my head on his chest. She raised an eyebrow and grinned. \"So did you guys finally give into your hormones and make out?\" she teased and I threw a cushion at her head which she narrowly avoided being hit by. We all laughed and Matt tightened his hold on me. \"Not that it's any of your business but yes, we did, are you satisfied now?\" Matt asked and she nodded. \"Oh yeah, now Sara owes me five bucks.\" She sniggered and I sat up in disbelief. \"You were betting on us?!\" I exclaimed and she laughed. \"Well duh! Sara and I made a bet right after you moved in; I knew it was only a matter of time before you kissed. I'm glad you did, another few weeks and she would have won, she thought you would take longer to get the hint that you're both in love.\" She cooed and sat down in the armchair. I huffed and leaned back into Matt who kissed my forehead. \"Don't worry, we'll get them back.\" He whispered and I smirked at Wendy but she was too busy drooling over Kiefer Sutherland. \"Deal.\" I whispered back. Later on I lay on my bed thinking about today and how I was going to tell Matt. He needed to know before it was too late. I wanted to feel as normal as possible for as long as I could, the fact that I felt fine meant I could go on living like normal for a while so I decided to wait. I wanted to enjoy the time I had left with him and not have him worrying about me all the time. I was just drifting off to Sleep when Sara shouted down the stairs. \"Matt?\" she called down to the basement and I looked over at his bed which was empty, he mustn't have come down yet. \"Just me!\" I called back and a few seconds later I heard her gasp loudly. Just as I got out of bed she came down the stairs with Matt who looked like a zombie, he was staring at nothing and moving slowly. She laid him down in bed and walked past me. \"Keep an eye on him, will you?\" she whispered and I nodded. I went back to my bed and lay on my side. Matt stared at the ceiling for a few minutes before he closed his eyes and his breathing evened out a few seconds later. When I was sure he was sleeping I lay on my back again and closed my eyes, falling into a deep sleep a few minutes later. The next morning I woke up pretty early and I turned over to see Matt still in his bed, I smiled as I saw how peaceful he looked. I got up and went to the bathroom to get washed up. I had just finished cleaning my face was in the process of drying it off with a towel, and then I saw him again. The burnt guy was behind me again, looking at me in the mirror. I stood there frozen for a few seconds as we watched each other, I didn't want to turn around in case he disappeared again. He didn't make any gargling noises this time, just stared at me, quietly observing. I looked over him in the mirror and noticed he didn't look as burned as the last time I saw him, he still had some nasty burns but I could clearly see a pair of bright blue eyes. He turned slightly and walked out of my view in the mirror so I assumed he had disappeared again. But when I went out to the bedroom I gasped as I saw him standing in front of the mortuary. I slowly walked over and he watched my every move, until I eventually stood beside him. He looked back at the door and I reached for the door knob, I guess he wanted to go inside. As I opened the door he entered the room and walked over to the cremator at one end, looking at it for a few seconds before turning to me again. I walked over and stood beside him, he looked at me expectantly and I stared back, confused. Why was he showing me this? Just as I was about to ask I heard footsteps and Matt stepped into the room, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes and yawning. \"What are you doing in here?\" he asked, confused. I turned back to where I had seen the burnt guy and he wasn't there, great I just looked like a loner standing in the middle of a mortuary. \"Uh nothing I woke up and got bored so I just came in here to look around.\" I said, trying to sound nonchalant. \"I thought you hated this room?\" he asked with doubt, I had mentioned I didn't really like being in here. \"Well yeah I find it creepy but I was curious, I just figured there's nothing to be afraid of in here so why not?\" I shrugged, yeah except for a ghost , my mind added. He smiled and walked over to me. \"Fair enough I suppose, so are you still bored?\" he asked and I nodded. \"Well how about we get dressed and go into town for some coffee, I can get mom to drop us in and pick us back up?\" \"Sure! Will we ask Billy, Mary and Wendy if they want to go?\" I asked and he looked a little awkward. \"Actually I was thinking it could just be me and you.\" He asked and it took me a few seconds to realise what he meant, the guy just asked you on a date and you wanted to invite half of his family along, nice one! \"Ohhh… is Matt Campbell asking me out on a date?\" I asked with a raised eyebrow and he blushed. \"Yeah, I mean, if it's alright with you?\" he asked worriedly and I gave him a light kiss. \"Of course it is! I'm just going to change, I don't think some pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt is good for a first date.\" I laughed and he groaned. \"Crap that was exactly what I was planning on wearing!\" he joked and I playfully hit him before going to my bag and searching for something to wear. I finally settled on a white dress with a denim jacket and some pumps, I hadn't worn a dress in years, it was hard finding one that looked nice despite how skinny I was. Matt came back from the bathroom in a hoody and jeans and I suddenly felt a bit over-dressed, but seeing him do a double take was well worth it. \"Wow you look…\" he trailed off. \"Different?\" I jokingly suggested and he nodded. \"A nice different though. You look really pretty.\" He added with a smile. \"Thanks.\" I blushed. He walked over and held his arm out like you would see in a cheesy black and white romance movie. \"Shall we?\" he asked and I giggled before taking his arm and walking upstairs. Sara agreed to take us into town and soon we found ourselves in a booth at the local Café, once we got seated I noticed things got very quiet and I looked at Matt who seemed to be wracking his brains for something to say, when he caught my eye he smirked and shrugged and I started laughing. \"What?\" he asked with an amused smile. \"Nothing, it's just you would think that by looking at us we're on a blind date and we don't know what to talk about.\" He joined in the laughter. \"Well I guess it's a bit weird considering we used to be just roommates and friends and now we're…\" he trailed off again, unsure how to phrase where we were at. \"On a date?\" I volunteered and he nodded. \"That we are.\" He said and we went back to silence, this one wasn't as bad, we weren't waiting for the other person to start talking or looking for something random to say, we just kind of stared at each other. If you had been watching us from another booth you'd think we were insane, but I liked just saying nothing. After a while I reached over and took his hand and was rewarded with an amazing smile, just as he was about to say something the waitress came over. \"Can I get you guys anything?\" Yeah five romantic minutes without an untimely interruption ! I thought, but instead I just smiled and ordered a coffee. Matt did the same and soon we were alone again. \"So how are you liking living at the house then?\" He asked. I sat for a few seconds trying to think, the place scared the shit out of me, but would I leave? Not a chance in hell. \"I love it,\" I answered and he looked pleased. \"I mean the place is a little freaky and I think there is definitely something up with the house. But I love living there with you guys and I feel… better than I have in a really long time, I don't know how to thank you for what you guys did, taking me in and everything.\" He waved his hand dismissively. \"Don't worry about it; I didn't want you being miserable when I could do something about it. And everyone loves having you there.\" I blushed. \"Even the guy that's stuck sharing his room with me?\" I joked and he smirked. \"Especially that guy.\" He said and I went even redder, every drop of blood in my body rushed to my cheeks and I changed the subject to avoid any more blushing. We chatted about everything and nothing through coffee and soon we were done, he started to get up to pay. \"Wait, I have money for my coffee here.\" I said and started to reach for my pocket but he stopped me. \"A gentleman always pays on the first date.\" He gave a smile that had my heart spluttering and I had a tough time not pulling him in for a kiss in the middle of a café. \"Well aren't you the sweetest?\" I teased. \"I'm just gonna go to the bathroom.\" He nodded and walked towards the till whilst I practically skipped to the bathroom. When I came out of the cubicle I froze as I saw a girl standing in front of the mirror. She looked up from her make-up compact and turned around to face me with an awkward smile. \"Hey Laura.\" She said and I internally rolled my eyes, did she have to be so perfect? She was Emily Rice, her and I practically grew up together until she found out I had cancer and I saw less and less of her until eventually she just stopped being friends with me. We would pass each other and look in opposite directions, she did it to not be embarrassed to have to talk to me, and I did it so I wouldn't have to see how much better she was than me. She stood tall and walked confidently, she had curves I would kill for and her face was so damn pretty and youthful she belonged on a Clearasil commercial. I would look at her and ask why I didn't deserve to be like her, what made her so much more worthy than me to have a normal healthy life. I noticed as I was thinking that her smile had faded and I realised I had just been staring at her for a few seconds. \"Hi Emily\" I said in a small voice and headed to the sink, rather than escape as fast as possible she stood beside me for a few seconds before turning and plastering a fake smile on her face. \"So how are you?\" she asked cheerfully and I turned to her with narrowed eyes. \"How do you think I am?\" I asked rhetorically and she cleared her throat and looked down. I suddenly felt bad about being so mean so I tried to brighten up. \"I feel like shit but I'm better than I was. I moved out of my mom's\" I said and she nodded. \"Yeah I heard about that. Listen… is it true that you're living in… that house now?\" she looked at me with fearful eyes and any bad feelings I had about giving her the cold shoulder vanished like smoke, she just wanted the scoop on the house. \"The Aickman house? Yeah, why?\" I asked innocently and she scoffed. \"I just don't know how you could live there, I mean, don't you remember what they used to say about that house?\" she leaned in and lowered her voice. \"Yeah I do remember the stories Emily, I remember we used to be scared by them when we were little and you were actually my friend. Well let me be the first to tell you that anyone that told us those stories was full of shit, there's nothing up with the house, I don't know why were so scared. Satisfied now that you have the latest scoop?\" I asked and walked out before she had the chance to reply. As I made my way to the door where Matt waited the lie still burned on the tip of my tongue, but I wasn't about to give her the satisfaction of knowing how freaked out I was about living in the house. Matt smiled and I smiled back, refusing to let her bring me down. \"Where to next?\" I asked as we got outside. He shrugged. \"The park, maybe?\" \"Sure\" I smiled and we walked hand-in-hand there. When we got to the park we sat on a patch of grass near a small pond and relaxed in the sun. I lay with my head on his shoulder and his arm wrapped around me, I was in pure bliss. We talked about this and that and stayed for what seemed like a few minutes when really it was a few hours, it was starting to go into the evening and the families in the park were heading home. I didn't wanna leave but we had to get back to the house sometime. \"We better go before Sara sends out a search party.\" I said as I sat up. When I turned to Matt he was lying with his eyes closed and he shook his head, making no move to get up. I tried everything to make him get up but he just lay there laughing as I tried dragging him into a sitting position. Eventually I had enough of playing nice and walked a few steps to the edge of the pond and dipped my hands in before walking back over and smearing the water on them over his face and hair. I collapsed into a giggling fit as he sat up with narrow eyes, his hair sticking up in adorable spikes. But my victory was short lived as he grabbed me around the waist and towed me towards the water. I squealed and struggled but he eventually got me to the edge and dipped his arm in before throwing a wave of water over my face and soaking the front of my hair. I decided to take advantage of how precariously he was balanced over me to avoid getting wet and grabbed the front of his hoody before yanking him forwards. The sleeves of his hoody were drenched as he had to put his arms out to avoid falling into the pond. I got up and ran around the pond with him chasing me, vowing revenge. After a while we were both soaked to the skin and when he tackled me I didn't fight back, I was too damn tired. We lay breathless for a few minutes from all the laughing. \"Okay, you win.\" I breathed and he sat up. \"You fought a good fight.\" He said like a good sport and leaned down to give me a kiss. A few minutes later we headed back to town where he rang Sara from a payphone. She pulled up and looked at us with a raised eyebrow, we were both in the process of drying off and my hair was extra curly whilst Matt's sat up in spikes. \"Have fun?\" she laughed and we nodded before climbing into the car and heading home.[Chapter 7] Author's note: Hey! Here is chapter 7, once again thanks to my awesome Beta, anyone who had read or followed/favourited the story, I love you all! Enjoy the chapter and please review! Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, I only own my OCs. The next morning I sat at the table having breakfast, Sara was rushing around and laying down the ground rules before she headed out. \"I gotta go to work, okay?\" she asked and patted Matt's shoulder as she walked passed, he inhaled sharply as she squeezed a radiation burn. \"Wendy is in charge, okay?\" she asked and put her hands on Matt's shoulders. \"Ow, ow!\" he said as she hurt the radiation burns again. \"I'm sorry honey!\" she said, sometimes it was easy to forget he had the burns if you couldn't see them. \"It's okay.\" He said and resumed eating his breakfast. We said goodbye to Sara and Matt set his hands at the table. \"You be good or else you guys have to deal with me, okay?\" he asked in a threatening voice, Billy and Mary looked at him and when Billy looked at me I covered my mouth and widened my eyes to look scared and he sniggered. \"I'm just kidding.\" Matt laughed and they both relaxed. \"Oh good because for a minute there we were all really scared.\" I said, my voice dripping with sarcasm, Mary and Billy laughed and Matt turned to me with a raised eyebrow. \"Oh I was only kidding with them; you will have to deal with me unless you behave.\" He said in the threatening voice again and I leaned in and stared him dead in the eyes. \"Bring it Campbell; I'm sure I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.\" I said in the same threatening voice and Billy and Mary \"oooo\"'ed at us. Wendy snorted. \"God cut it out before you start making out!\" she teased and I blushed as I realised how close my face was to Matt's and he chuckled. I shoved Wendy as I sat up straight and she giggled. \"So what are we gonna do?\" Mary asks excitedly. \"How about a game?\" I suggested. \"Yeah! Can we play hide and seek?\" she asks eagerly and Wendy stood up. \"You guys have fun with that, I'm gonna go read.\" She said and I turned to Matt and smirked. \"Maybe Matt should find us, now that Wendy's out of the game you're the oldest.\" I suggested and he narrowed his eyes. \"Fine, I bet I find you first.\" He said and I laughed. As he started to count I quietly slipped down the stairs, feeling glad I picked out a pair of pumps on that didn't make any noise. I made my way to the bathroom beside our room and climbed into the bath, slowly pulling the shower curtain over to conceal myself. \"Sixty!\" I heard Matt shout and tried to stay quiet. A few minutes later I could hear a lot of noise upstairs and what sounded like an older man shouting angrily. What the hell? I stood up and yanked the curtain out of the way, stumbling out of the bath as my pumps slid on the tile floor. Just as I made it to the door Matt came running down the stairs and I was about to ask him what was wrong when the door to the mortuary closed with a bang. We both walked over and he opened the door and went inside with me on his heels. All around the room there were tables with bodies on them, covered in sheets. They had not been here earlier. Just as we were looking around the door behind us slammed shut and I yelped, Matt tried the doorknob but we were trapped. \"Matt!\" I shouted fearfully as I looked to where the bodies were. The sheets were gone and the bodies lay on the table, writing covering their skin. As we looked around one of the feet on a body moved and I screamed, Matt jumped and stood protectively in front of me. \"Wendy! Wendy help!\" Matt shouted and I hid my head in his shoulder. A few seconds later I looked up and instantly regretted it, the bodies surrounded Matt and I in a circle, their dead, vacant eyes staring at us. They didn't move or talk and eventually Matt got frustrated. \"Oh for God's sakes. JUST LEAVE US ALONE!\" he shouted and shoved at one of the bodies, I blinked in confusion as the body disappeared just before he touched it and Billy stood in its place, Matt shoved Billy back and Mary gasped from a few feet away from us. I looked around the room and saw no bodies. \"Come on, guys. Let's go. Billy, come on.\" She said and led the kids out of the room; Matt looked regretfully after them before looking over to me. His eyes softened and he put his hands on my upper arms, only then did I realise I was shaking like a leaf and tears were dripping down my face, sobs were trying to escape my mouth but I bit my lip to hold them back for fear I'd turn hysterical. \"Hey, it's alright\" he said quietly and pulled my in for a hug. I sobbed into his chest and he stroked my hair. \"What do they want?\" I choked out, \"Why are they doing this to us? Why are you and I the only ones who see them?\" I asked and he sighed. \"I don't know, I don't know what they want but we'll be fine, don't worry.\" \"I'm just scared that they'll hurt us.\" I whispered and he took my face into his hands and his eyes stared into mine. \"I won't let them, I won't let them hurt you, okay?\" he asked and I nodded, he brought my lips to his and kissed me. Eventually I calmed down and my shaking stopped. He pulled away and I sighed. \"What are we gonna do?\" I asked and he shrugged before taking my hand and leading me to his bed where I sat down. He rummaged through a few bits of clothing before he found what he was looking for. A card. \"What is that?\" I asked. \"Popescu's number, I don't know who else we can try that won't think we're crazy.\" I nodded and followed him upstairs. I held Matt's hand when he rang Popescu and we arranged to meet him at a local church that had closed down a while ago. I sat on a step below Matt in front of the church, leaning against his leg, he and Reverend Popescu had been talking the past few minutes about the two different worlds, the living and the dead and all that jazz. I stared out onto the graves around the outside of the church and wondered how long it would be until I was in one. I shook the thought off and tried to pay attention to what they were saying. \"It's all around us, all the time. The living and the dead. Invisible to everyone, almost everyone.\" Yeah Matt and I get the honour of being able to see freaky ghosts, lucky us. \"Yeah.\" Matt says and scratches his head. \"' cause we're not like other people any more. You see, most people spend their life firmly planted in this world, and then one day they go straight to the other side, but we… we take a much more roundabout path, we spend quite a lot of time in the borderland. But either way, only one thing matters. \"Yeah? What's that?\" Matt asks. \"Well, find out what he wants from you.\" Popescu answered and I sighed, what did the ghost want us to do? The day he showed me the cremator I thought he wanted to be free, but he didn't. So why show me it? \"What if what he wants is to hurt us?\" I ask and Popescu thought for a minute. \"I don't imagine he would, most ghosts remain between worlds because they have something left to do before they leave, and they need to do something before they do. Maybe he needs help to finish what he needs to do and he has contacted you to try and help him.\" I nodded; it did seem like a good explanation. But as I thought about it more and more I wondered, was the way he died a result of what he was trying to do? Soon enough Popescu headed away but not after saying we were free to call him if we needed anything. Matt and I headed back to the house and walked in silence most of the way, I guess what had happened earlier had gotten to the both of us. We came back to the house and went down to the basement, we both lay on our beds and I struggled for something to say. \"What do you think he wants?\" Matt asked suddenly, I breathed a sigh of relief that he had started first. \"I don't know. I mean he keeps showing us things, but no one else. Maybe what he wants us to help him with it.\" He nodded. I got up and sat on his bed, he sat up and silence came over us again. \"What if what he wants isn't something good?\" he asked, I didn't know how to answer that. I thought for a moment. \"I don't think it'll be bad, so far he hasn't done anything to hurt us really,\" I looked down and Matt was inspecting the hand that had the burn on it, there was still some scarring. \"Well except that.\" I added and one side of his mouth lifted a little. \"Does it still hurt?\" I asked and took the hand to inspect it. It definitely looked a lot better. \"Not really, it's clearing up pretty well, if only the ones on my chest were the same.\" He said and I looked at him sympathetically. \"Do they still hurt?\" I asked. \"Most of the time.\" He answered, that must be awful, to be in pain all the time like that. \"Are they gonna get any worse?\" I asked, I wondered if it was worth the treatment if he was gonna be in this much pain all the time. \"I don't think so. They're just like bad sunburn.\" I grimaced, I hated sunburn, showering with it was a nightmare. I cautiously lay down, careful to avoid his sore chest and leaned my head on his arm. He turned to face me and we stared at each other for a few minutes before I yawned. \"Tired?\" he said and I nodded, my eyes were already starting to feel heavier. \"I better go back to my bed; if Sara comes down here tomorrow to wake you for the hospital she may have a fit if we're in the same bed together.\" He grimaced and laughed. \"It's probably best.\" He said and I kissed him before heading back over to my bed. \"Do you want me to come with you tomorrow?\" I asked as I got under my covers. \"No I'll be fine; I'll be in treatment most of the time so you'd just be waiting around for ages. Plus you shouldn't have to sit in the hospital if you're getting better. Wouldn't wanna jinx your good luck.\" He said brightly and I gave a humourless chuckle, yeah good luck is the last thing I have. \"True, see you in the morning then.\" \"Night.\" He said and I closed my eyes before I realised the light was still on, I groaned and pulled the blanket over my head and Matt sat up. \"You alright?\" he asked. \"Yeah but the light is still on.\" I said and he chuckled. \"Last one out of bed has to turn the light off,\" I pulled the blanket down and glared at him, he gave a sheepish grin. \"House Rules.\"He added. I huffed and got out of bed, turning the light off before turning to head back to my bed. As I turned my breath caught in my throat, there was something standing behind me, I could feel damp breath on the back of my neck. A stench filled my nostrils, but this wasn't like charred meat I smelled when the burnt guy was around, this was like death and rot all mixed in to one. \"Matt?\" I asked in a quiet voice. \"Hmmmm?\" he murmured from his bed. \"Turn your lamp on for a second?\" I asked and he groaned. \"I thought you wanted the light off?\" he mumbled. \"Matt! Please, turn the light on.\" I whispered loudly and he seemed to get the message that something was up. Just as he reached for the light I was pushed forward harshly, landing on the ground. The light flicked on and I looked to where I had been standing, but there was nobody there. I got off the floor and Matt came over. \"What happened?\" he asked. \"I turned the light off and I could feel something behind me. When you were about to turn the light on they pushed me.\" He looked around. \"Well they're gone now,\" He assured me and took my hand. \"I'm not leaving you on your own in case they come back.\" He said and we both climbed into his bed, I did feel a whole lot safer with him here. I closed my eyes and went into a dreamless sleep. The next morning I woke to find that Matt was gone, I panicked for a split second before I realised he must have went to the hospital. I walked upstairs and found Wendy, Billy and Mary in the living room, so I just hung out with them until Matt came back. He seemed really tired so I led him downstairs and he went to sleep, he slept for about two hours and later I went down to see if he was alright. \"Hey sleeping beauty.\" I greeted as I came down, he looked like he had just woken up. \"Hey.\" He said and I sat on his bed. \"How are you feeling?\" I asked. \"A little tired still, but better than I was earlier.\"I nodded and brushed some hair off his forehead. Sara came down to check on us. \"Hey guys, you alright?\" she asked. \"Yeah\" we both said. \"I was thinking about going out for pizza tonight guys, you wanna come?\" she asked and I nodded. \"Sure.\" I answered. \"What about you Matt?\" she asked and he shook his head. \"I think I'm just gonna stay here Mom, I'm not that hungry, you guys go out and have a good time.\" \"Are you sure? We can get some take-away and bring it back if you don't wanna go out?\" she asked and he smiled. \"Thanks but I'm not that hungry even, I'm just gonna grab a snack and go to bed in a while. You guys go, I'll be fine.\" She nodded. \"Laura, why don't you grab a jacket and we'll head out?\" she asked and I stood up. \"Yeah I'll be up in a minute,\" She nodded and walked upstairs, I turned to Matt who was staring at the ceiling. I didn't wanna leave him. I sat on the edge of his bed again. \"Do you want me to stay?\" I asked. \"No go out and have a good time, I'm fine really.\" \"I don't wanna leave you here by yourself, why don't you come out?\" I asked. \"I'm fine; go ahead I'll talk to you later.\" \"Okay.\" I said quietly and kissed him on the forehead before grabbing my coat and heading out. I couldn't relax at the restaurant. I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. I ate and laughed with Sara, Wendy and the kids but I was eager to get home to Matt. As soon as I went through the door I headed to the basement, but Billy and Mary shouting for Sara had me curious and I followed her into the dining room to see what was up. There was a huge stack of furniture in the corner of the room and as Sara and I walked around it we saw Matt sitting in the corner. His fingers were bloody and the wall beside him was covered in scratches from his finger nails. He was staring at his fingers which looked like they hurt a lot. \"I'm going to grab my car keys, Laura will you get Matt up and help me over to the car with him?\" she asked and she went to find her keys. I slowly bent down in front of Matt and gently took hold of his wrists; he stared up at me with wide eyes, almost as if he didn't know who I was. \"Come on.\" I said gently and tugged him up until he stood; I led him to the front door and waited for Sara. She came into the hallway and took hold of Matt. \"I'm gonna grab him a sweatshirt from the basement.\" I said, noticing he didn't have a shirt on. I ran downstairs and grabbed the one near his bed. I walked out the car and handed the sweatshirt to Sara. \"Do you want me to come with you?\" I asked. \"No it's fine sweetie they'll probably have him in for observation for the night or give him a few scans to make sure there's nothing wrong with him. I don't know why he would do this.\" She said before kissing me on the forehead. \"Go get some rest sweetie and we'll see you tomorrow.\" I nodded and watched her drive off. I turned back to the house and walked inside, going down to the basement. I sat on my bed and stared at nothing, silently praying that Matt was alright. I closed my eyes for a few seconds and when I opened them, the burnt guy was standing at the foot of my bed. \"It was you wasn't it?\" I demanded and stood up, \"You did that to Matt, how could you? He doesn't deserve any of this so why don't you just leave him alone!\" I shouted and he stared at me. \"What do you want? Tell me and we can just get this over with.\" I asked and suddenly loud crackling filled my ears and I could see fire everywhere, I could feel the heat and smell burning flesh. When I opened my eyes again he was gone. A fire? What the hell did he want a fire for? I froze as I realised the pile of furniture earlier would have been set on fire if we hadn't come back, that was what Matt was trying to go. I lay back down on my bed and sobbed, I shouldn't have left him, if I'd have stayed he'd be alright. I finally cried until there were no more tears and drifted off into a deep sleep. The next morning I woke to hear a car pulling into the driveway. I knew it was probably Matt and Sara back from the hospital and as much as I wanted to run up and hug him I forced myself to stay in bed in case he didn't want a lot of drama coming home, plus I wouldn't get a chance to ask him what really happened if he was with his family. The few minutes between the front door closing and Matt's footsteps on the stairs felt like an eternity, I sat up as he reached the last few steps and I could see him. The tops of his fingers had some medical plasters on them and some had blood slowly seeping through from his nails. I forced myself to look away from them and look at his face, which had a strained smile on it; he had obviously seen me staring. \"Hey.\" I croaked out, his smile turned a bit more genuine and he came over to sit on the bed. \"Hey.\" He answered and I just decided to come out with it. \"So what happened last night?\" I asked and he chuckled. \"Straight to the point, huh?\" I allowed a small chuckle as I nodded. \"I don't really know. I was in my bedroom and that burnt guy appeared and I tried asking him what he wanted and I just remember this noise filling my ears and the next thing I know I'm in the dining room, there is a big pile of chairs beside me and my fingernails are covered in blood and hurt like hell.\" He looked down at them and I carefully took his hand in mine and looked closely at his fingernails, they looked like it had hurt a lot. Suddenly it dawned on me that the sound he heard was the same one I had heard. \"That sound you heard, before you went out of it... was it like... a crackling sound, really loud?\" I asked and he thought before nodding. \"Yeah and I think I saw a flash of something but I can't remember what it was...\" he trailed off, I had a feeling I knew. \"A fire?\" I asked and his eyes went wide with realisation. \"Yeah... how did you know that?\" \"Last night after you left I came down here and saw the burnt guy, I asked him what he wanted and why you got hurt, I saw a flash of fire and crackling in my ear like the sound a fire makes. I think he wanted you to start a fire and that was why you piled the chairs up, for kindling.\" He nodded and then hung his head. \"If you guys hadn't come in when you did, the whole house would have been up in flames, and it would have been all my fault.\" I lifted his chin and stared at him, willing him to believe what I was saying. \"It wasn't your fault, you weren't doing it. It was someone else controlling you and trying to make you do their bidding, that burnt guy I think. If we hadn't have come back you'd have been hurt, maybe even dead.\" My voice cracked as I tried to brush the thought aside. \"I should have stayed; maybe if I did you wouldn't have gotten hurt.\" He shook his head. \"You might have gotten hurt, and that would've killed me, I'm glad you weren't there. Just one thing, why did I try and claw the walls down with my fingernails?\" he asked and I tried to think, why would he have done that? \"I have no idea, to have more wood to burn? I don't really know.\" I said and he shrugged. \"Oh well, at least you guys got there in time. Mom's gonna make something to eat before she goes to work, do you want anything?\" I nodded and stood up. \"I'm starved.\" I said and he chuckled. We ate breakfast at the kitchen table, I could see Billy and Mary glance at his hands every so often but he did his best to ignore it. The rest of the day Matt pretty much slept because he was tired from having brain scans done all night the night before to make sure there was nothing wrong with his brain. I was extremely relieved when Sara told me his cancer hadn't moved to his brain. \"Well that's a good thing.\" I said. \"Yeah but if it wasn't the cancer that caused him to do that, what did?\" she asked and I tried to think of some excuse. \"Maybe he's just stressed out over the treatment or something. I could talk to him if you want?\" she nodded gratefully. \"I'd appreciate that Laura, thank you.\" She said and I nodded before heading down to the basement. Matt was sitting on my mattress and looked up as I came down. \"Did my mom say anything?\" he asked and I could tell he was worried. \"She's just worried Matt, we all are.\" He stood up and crossed him arms. \"I know, I just hate them thinking I've gone nuts or something.\" He said and I put my hands on his arms. \"They don't think that. They're confused, just like us. But they don't think you're crazy Matt, they just wanna know what's going on.\" \"Yeah but if they knew what was going on they'd think we're both crazy.\" He said, it was true; this did seem like something out of a horror movie. \"Yeah which is why it's probably best they don't know yet. We'll let them know if we have to.\" He nodded. \"Well I suppose hiding down here isn't gonna help, why don't we go watch TV?\" He suggested and we headed upstairs to the sitting room. Soon Billy joined us and he and Matt talked again, things weren't as tense by the time we all headed to bed. The next morning I was in the kitchen making some breakfast when Matt came up the stairs. \"Hey, you're finally up!\" I greeted and silence filled the room. When I turned around he was glaring at me, and for what reason I had no idea. We stared at each other for a few seconds before he turned away and headed for the living room, I followed him out, confused as hell by his behaviour. As we came closer to the living room I could hear Wendy, Mary and Billy talking. \"Why don't you ask Matt?\" Wendy asked. I wouldn't exactly advise that at this time. \"Yeah why don't you ask Matt?\" Matt said in a creepy tone, leaning on the doorframe. Wendy looked to me in confusion and I shrugged. \"Are you alright?\" she asked. \"I'm outstanding.\" He answered, but his tone was weird, mocking almost. \"Okay, come on guys. Laura and I will count to thirty; let's see if we can find some new hiding places.\" Wendy suggested and she, Billy and Mary made their way to the door but Matt blocked the exit. \"Matt?\" Wendy asked and after a few tense seconds he moved out of the way, he passed me and avoided my gaze. Wendy came up to me and grabbed my arm, towing me to the dining room. \"One!\" she shouted and you could hear Billy and Mary scuffling up the stairs. \"What was that?\" she asked with wide eyes. \"Don't ask me, he came upstairs and wouldn't talk to me.\" I answered with a shrug. \"He's been acting really weird lately.\" She said. \"I know but it's not his fault.\" I defended and she looked confused. \"Then what is it?\" she asked and I suddenly realised my mistake. Just as I was about to make something up we heard Billy shouting for help. Wendy and I ran upstairs to find him jumping out of the lift thing in the landing. He looked severely creeped out. Just as Wendy was asking what happened we heard Mary scream, Wendy ran ahead whilst I helped Billy up. Matt came running up the stairs and we all ran up to the attic. \"Be careful! The floor must be rotten!\" Wendy warned and Matt caught me by the waist as I came up beside him. \"Rotten where?\" he asked, it seemed he was back to normal. \"Well here for sure where Mary's leg fell through.\"Wendy said. Matt turned to Billy and I, \"Okay, now just stand back, okay?\" he said and I nodded. He carefully got Mary's leg out of the hole it was in and as she got up he reached down again and came up with a box and then a book. I carefully made my way over to beside him and sat down, looking at the things. \"What is it?\" Billy asked. Matt looked at me and I could see he had a bad feeling about these things, so did I. but I knew they were important, whatever the hell they were. Matt smiled reassuringly at the kids before helping Mary up, \"Okay, come on. Playtime's over.\"[Chapter 8] Author's Note: Hi guys, here is Chapter 8! A little bit shorter than the last few but I think you'll like it, I really wanna thank the Guest who left a review, I'm glad you like it it really makes my day to know people love the story! And thank you for the awesome review Tom Hardy (haha you picked the perfect name, I feel like it's actually him I'm thanking!) and thanks to gothic chick23 for following and favouriting the story, thank you so much it really made me happy! Anyway thanks to my awesome Beta, thanks to all my friends, to anyone who reads the story and please leave a review and tell me what you think, enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Haunting In Connecitcut, I only own my OCs in the story and anything you don't recognise from the movie. Shortly after we found the stuff Sara returned home, no one said anything about what had happened. She seemed to notice how quiet we all were, and so offered to go out for some ice-cream to cheer us up. Billy and Mary ended up going, which left Matt, Wendy and I to investigate the box and the book. We sat at the dining room table and decided to go through the stuff. I sat next to Matt and we all opened the box first, a bunch of pictures were in it, along with a smaller box and some other stuff. Wendy lifted the photographs out. \"God they're all… dead.\" She said. \"What?\" I asked, peering around Matt to try and see. \"These photos, the people are all dead, why would anyone take a picture of that?\" she shook her head in astonishment. \"Post-mortem photography was pretty common back then. People would have had photos taken of their dead relatives before burial, some even posed with them.\" I said and she shuddered. \"So sad. It's probably the only time they even had their photo taken.\" She murmured. Matt opened the smaller box and there was what looked like a bunch of little wood chips in them, he lifted one up and looked at it. \"What are those?\" Wendy asked. He shook his head. \"I don't know, you have any idea?\" he asked me and I lifted one up from the box, looking closely. It felt all dry like wood, but the texture was all wrong. Suddenly I saw a flash of a body in my head, its vacant eyes staring at nothing. Matt and I dropped the eyelids back into the box at the same time; I guess he must have seen it too. \"You guys alright?\" Wendy asked us. \"Yeah.\" Matt said as he moved the box away from us, I just nodded and gave a grim smile. She went back to looking at the other set of photographs. \"These are really weird. It has to be fake.\" She said. \"Let me see those.\" Matt said and she handed them to him. I looked at them as well as he flicked through. One was of a freaky mess of what looked like slime coming out of a guy's mouth, but it was floating in mid-air. What the hell? Just as Matt turned to the next photograph I froze. Sitting at the table was the guys that I had seen during the séance, he was sitting at the table holding hands with two others, his face tilted upwards. Matt looked at me and I could see he couldn't believe it, this guy was real. He had been alive, it wasn't just our imagination. \"What?\" Wendy asked. \"Nothing.\" Matt said unconvincingly and she looked frustrated. \"Matt, come on. Just give me a chance you guys.\" she begged and Matt looked to me and I nodded. He turned the picture towards her so she can see the guy. \"We've both seen him.\" He said. \"Shut up!\" Wendy smirked, obviously not believing us. I threw my hands up and Matt tapped the photos on the table. \"Gave you a chance.\" He said and she turned serious. \"I'm sorry. Okay, just… go on. Please?\" \"I thought something was up with Laura and me but I have seen this kid. Almost every day since I got here. So has Laura.\" \"Is that true?\" Wendy asked and I nodded. \"Yeah it's been really freaky.\" \"Yeah, I wake up in the middle of the night and it feels like he's been inside me, looking out through my eyes.\" Matt said in a low voice. \"I've only just seen him, but sometimes he shows me things, flashes of something in my head.\" \"Well why is he doing it to you guys?\" Wendy asked. \"One bright day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight. Okay me and him; we're just two dead boys.\" He said and I looked down, trying not to get upset. \"What about Laura? I though you said she was getting better. Why is she still able to see him?\" Wendy asked and my head snapped up, Matt went to answer and then looked at me in confusion; I just shrugged and looked away. But I could tell he had figured something wasn't right, I just hope he doesn't realise I lied. \"Maybe the place is haunted.\" Wendy said and Matt looked back to her. I was thankful for her distraction, although it could have been a cheerier subject. \"Either way, we need to find out who put these things under the floorboards and why.\" She said determinedly. \"Yeah, but how?\" Matt asked. \"Okay, well, don't tell anyone, but there are these buildings all over the country where secret knowledge is kept. Known only… as libraries.\" She said and I giggled. A few seconds later we heard a car pull up the front and scrambled to hide the things; Matt and I gathered everything up and took the stuff down to the basement. I hid the stuff in one of the drawers and went to sit on the bed so it looked like Matt and I were just hanging out. Sara came down a few minutes later. \"Hey guys, you alright?\" she asked. \"Yea fine.\" I smiled. \"You want anything to eat or are you okay?\" \"We're good.\" Matt said. \"Okay, call me if you need anything.\" She said and walked back upstairs. I breathed a sigh of relief and looked over to Matt with a smile, but he didn't look happy. I got up and walked over to his bed. \"You okay?\" I asked and he stood up, only a foot of space in between us. \"How come you can still see Jonah?\" he asked and my breath caught in my throat. Oh crap, I wasn't ready to tell him. \"Oh um, I'm not sure.\" I said unconvincingly. \"I think you need to go see Dr Brooks, your cancer might have gotten worse.\" I sighed, \"Matt I know it's getting worse.\" He looked at me in confusion. \"What do you mean? You need to get treatment if it comes back.\" \"No I don't Matt because the last time I went to see the doctor he said the treatment has stopped working. I'm not getting better; I only have a few weeks before my organs start to pack up.\" \"Why didn't you tell me? I thought you said you were getting better!\" he exclaimed and I took a step back. \"I lied. I'm sorry; I didn't know how to tell you.\" \"So rather than be honest you figured you'd lie and see where it gets you?\" \"No I thought you had enough to deal with without me coming in and dropping the \"Hey by the way I'm dying\" bomb on you!\" \"So when were you going to tell me? When you collapse and we go to the hospital and find out from some doctor? When you die in the middle of the night? When?!\" \"When I had to! I didn't have to yet, I feel totally fine! Until I really had to I just wanted things to be normal!\" \"Normal?! What is normal about our situation, Laura? We're two teenagers with cancer living in a haunted house. I already don't know if I live, I don't know why we're seeing ghosts, I don't need to add that I don't know if my girlfriend will be alive in a few weeks to that list!\" he shouted and I shushed him but he wasn't about to quiet down. \"Matt please calm down. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I've barely been able to wrap my head around tis. I mean we're dealing with the stuff of nightmares here. I haven't even thought much about what could happen in a few weeks; I'm just focusing on now. And the doctors have been wrong before, my cell count could go down, you never know.\" \"You really believe that?\" he asked me. \"No, but I'm never giving up hope.\" I said truthfully and he looked at me for a moment before nodding and putting his arms around me. \"I'm sorry.\" He murmured into my hair. \"It's fine, it's a lot to deal with.\" \"Definitely.\" He said and I pulled back and kissed him. We stood staring at each other for a few minutes and I saw what I had been trying to avoid these past few weeks, the look of pity on his face that I hated seeing. I sighed and stepped out of his arms. \"What?\" he asked. \"There it is again, the look of pity. This is another reason I didn't tell you, I hate when people look at me like that. So don't look at me like that.\" I begged. \"Fine, it's just… I don't know what I'd do without you.\" He said hopelessly and I hugged him again, trying not to cry. I didn't know what I would do without him either, this was all so unfair. The next day Wendy wanted to go to the library and try and find out more about the house, I decided to stay in bed. Matt refused to leave without me and so he stayed at the house, despite me telling him a million times that he could go. In the few hours that Wendy was gone Matt and I had hardly spoken, just lay beside each other in his bed and tried to forget everything that was going on around us. He was watching me like he wanted to memorise my whole face so he'd be able to draw it from memory when I was gone. I was doing the same with him. Last night it hit me that I only had a few weeks left; there was still so much I wanted to do. Before I had been so ready to die, never getting close to anyone so that when I did pass on I didn't feel guilty about leaving anyone behind. But now that I had met Matt, I wanted to stay with him. Many times during the day I had come close to tears, but I wanted to stay strong. But by the time Wendy got home I had successfully been reduced to a depressed mess, and slouched up to the table where she was laying out what she found at the library. \"Okay, so check it out.\" Wendy said as I sat down beside Matt. \"A Case of Materialisation.\" She showed us some newspaper articles that looked very old. \"That is Ramsey Aickman and this was his mortuary. Now he had a very interesting hobby; psychical research. And your guys, the dead kid, his name was Jonah.\" I looked at the photo of Jonah; he looked only a little bit older than Wendy. \"And he was Aickman's assistant and a medium. So supposedly they contacted the dead through Jonah and people came to have chats with their dead hubby or wife or to find out where Auntie Mame hid the family jewels.\" She continued. \"Now he claims that he discovered how to amplify the séances.\" \"What does amplifying a séance do?\" I asked. \"By amplifying the séances, he not only contacted the dead, he made things appear.\" \"What things?\" Matt asked. \"Ectoplasm.\" She said and I raised an eyebrow. \"And what is ectoplasm?\" Matt asked. \" 'A mysterious protoplasmic substance streaming out of the body of mediums' \" I thought back to the stuff that was spewing out of Jonah's mouth and shuddered, thank God I skipped breakfast. \"So it's just like these pictures in the box. ' Photographs of ectoplasm often show a gelatinous material oozing from all the natural orifices of the medium. From mouth, ears, nose, eyes and even the lower orifices. '\" Damn, I think I may throw up. \"So Aickman held all those séances in this house and people came from all over and were convinced. Harvard professors, all kinds of big shots. Aickman and Jonah's séances were famous.\" She added. \"Well do we know what happened to them?\" matt asked. \"Well here's where it gets a little weirder.\" Oh goody, like I haven't already had enough weird stuff to last we a lifetime. \"Okay, so there was a séance led by Aickman with Jonah as the medium. All four sitters and Aickman were found dead. Cause of death, not clear.\" Wendy said. \"So Jonah killed them.\" Matt said. \"Nobody knows. No sign of him. He was missing, vanished, and never seen again\" she said. \"Until now.\" Matt said and looked at me; I gave him a grim smile. \"Lucky us.\" I said sarcastically and he smirked. \"Well here's the weirdest part of all. Okay, so thirty years later, in the fifties when they expanded the highway, they did a detour through the county cemetery.\" \"Wait, we've been on that road a million times on the way to the hospital.\" Matt said and I nodded in agreement. \"Well, this is the thing. When they tried to relocate some of the old plots, they found something weird. Or didn't find.\" \"What?\" Matt asked. \"Over a hundred bodies that were supposed to be there weren't. Just empty coffins filled with sandbags.\" Wendy said and I remembered the flashes Matt and I saw in the basement that day. \"Sandbags.\" I murmured and Matt looked at me in confusion for a second but then it clicked and he nodded in realisation. \"Aickman.\" He said and Wendy's mouth sat in a grim line. \"I mean, or Jonah. Aickman or Jonah.\" He added. \"Maybe. But why?\" Wendy asked. \"I don't know. But Laura and I might know somebody who does.\" He said and looked at me. \"Popescu?\" I asked. \"Popescu.\" He said. Matt went down to get Popescu's number and call him whilst Wendy and I cleared the table. \"You did a really good job at finding all this out Wendy; I'd seriously consider a career of paranormal investigation if I were you. Maybe you could become a Ghostbuster!\" I said and she giggled. \"No thanks, I think after this I'll have had enough paranormal for the rest of my life.\" She said and I nodded. \"Amen to that sister, I could do without seeing another ghost for a good while after this.\" \"Do you think we'll get this solved?\" Wendy asked and I thought for a moment. \"Yeah I do, I mean, this is all happening for a reason. Maybe we're meant to solve it; maybe that's why Matt and I keep seeing things, because someone wants this to be resolved. And Popescu will be a good help, he's always great to talk to about anything so I'm sure he can help.\" I said and she smiled, Matt came back in to the room a few seconds later. \"Okay so he's coming over later, I just hope Mom isn't here when he does or she'll pitch a fit.\" he said worriedly. \"She might not be, besides even if she is we can just say we invited him because you and I know him from the hospital. We're covered.\" I said and he smirked. \"I don't think the reverend would be too happy about us lying about why he's here.\" \"It's not a lie. It's just… not exactly the truth.\" I said with a sheepish smile and he chuckled. \"Well I'm gonna go make something to eat, do you guys want anything?\" Wendy asked. \"After that little chat about ectoplasm… I think I'm alright.\" I said and she laughed. \"Matt you want anything?\" \"NO I'm good I'll get something later.\" He said and she went into the kitchen. I sat back down in my chair and Matt sat in his. \"Do you regret coming to live here?\" he asked suddenly, I looked at him but he kept his eyes on the table. I took one of his hands and waited until he looked at me. \"Never.\" I said and he smiled slightly. \"Things must have been really bad with your mom if living in a haunted house is preferable to living with her.\" He said with a slight chuckle and I laughed. \"Can't argue with you there. Well it's not just that I didn't wanna live with my mom, but because I moved in here I'm with you now. So it's worth it.\" I said and pressed my lips to his in a light kiss. When I broke away he grinned. \"Just checking.\" He said. \"I'm glad you're here, Laura. I know it may seem a little selfish that I want you to stay even though this place is really creepy, but I don't know what I would have done these past few weeks with all this stuff going on if you weren't there with me.\" He said and I smiled. \"Well |I don't know what I'd do without you through the whole treatment not working thing, it's good to know that someone actually cares if I live or die.\" I chuckled and he gave a strained smile. \"I'm sure your mom would miss you.\" He said and I shook my head with a sad smile. \"No she wouldn't. She was glad to get rid of me when you guys took me in. I mean, I've been here for a few weeks now and she hasn't even called or stopped by to see if I'm alright. She just doesn't care. And I know if I had stayed she wouldn't have cared about anything. Not about my treatments not working or my organs failing. She would have carried on hating me until I died, and then went on like everything was normal after I did. I just felt like a ghost in that house, like she was already pretending I wasn't there because soon enough I wouldn't be. I know your mom may seem like she's smothering you now and again and she won't accept that you might not survive, but I want you to always be thankful for that. Because you don't know what's like to have a mom who doesn't care, who doesn't even hold out hope because truthfully you know it wouldn't matter to her if you were here one day and gone the next. Your mom loves you Matt, mine didn't.\" I finished in tears and he pulled me onto his lap and I cried onto his shoulder, the weight of what was going on around us in this house was finally getting to me. He just stroked my hair and told me it was gonna be alright, then when I finally calmed down he took my face in his hands and whipped my tears away. \"Listen,\" he said, \"Don't worry about your mom. If she doesn't realise how amazing you are and how much you don't deserve to be sick, then to hell with her. She shouldn't have made you feel like this, you needed her and she let you down. But we won't, you're part of the family now. We won't ever leave you. I won't ever leave you.\" I smiled, he would never know how much having him with me helped me cope with everything. No words I could ever say would tell him how amazing he was, how glad I was that I had met him and how amazing he had made my life. I pressed my lips to his and tried to convey through the kiss how much he meant to me, I couldn't find the words so I just kissed him until I was about to faint from lack of oxygen. He did the same and I knew he had both found someone we could count on in this mess. \"Thank you, Matt.\" I breathed and he smiled, it was one of those rare smiles I hadn't seen these past few days because of everything, but that just made it all the more amazing. My heard stuttered in my chest and I laid my head against his chest only to discover his was doing the same. I knew then that I loved him, and I'd do anything to come out the other end of this thing with him.[Chapter 9] Author's note: Hey, here is chapter 9! Again a little short but hopefully the next chapter will be longer. I just wanna say thanks to the guest who reviewed the story, I'm so glad that you like the story and I promise I'll keep adding chapters! They should be up every Monday so keep an eye out! Plus I am getting close to the end of the fanfic, either next week or the week after I'll have it finished! I just have to finish the stuff from the movie which may take another two chapters and then I'm doing an epilogue. I actually have the final chapter and the epilogue written so I will upload the last three chapters in the same day so keep an eye out! Thanks for reading so far and please review! Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, only my OC Laura and her mum. It felt like only a short while later Popescu arrived at the door, I walked out to greet him. \"Hi Reverend, thanks for coming tonight.\" I said and he smiled. \"It's not a problem, Laura. I had told you and Matt that if you ever needed anyone to talk to I would be happy to help.\" He said and I smiled. \"We really appreciate it, we're a little lost about what to do.\" I confessed and he nodded, I gestured for him to follow me to the dining room where Wendy and Matt stood, they both shook Popescu's hand and we sat down to show him the things, I sat in between him and Matt and handed him the photos. \"It's remarkable.\" He breathed as he looked at the photos of the séance. \"Do you think it's real?\" Wendy asked. \"Well I've seen plenty of fakes, but I've seen the real thing. Once, in Paris. It... Was the most horrible thing I've ever seen but, uh, about this, it must have been a very powerful medium.\" He said and from the corner of my eye I noticed Matt nod to Wendy who then pushed the box towards Popescu. He opened the box and lifted out the box of wood chips and opened it. He lifted one out and looked at it closely, before looking down at the box in realisation. He dropped the wood chip back into the box and I stared at him, confused. \"Well, what are they?\" Matt asked what we had all been thinking earlier today. \"Eyelids. Human eyelids.\" Popescu said in a grave voice and my eyes widened, okay… Gross. I shuddered. \"Well, what are they for?\" Wendy asked, I could do without knowing my you would need someone's eyelids but curiosity got the better of me. \"Necromancy. Corpse bothering. It's a loathsome form of magic. It's, uh, seeking power through control of the dead via relics of their bodies.\" He answered. \"Well, why eyelids?\" Matt asked. \"That's a good question. I mean, traditionally we'd close the eyes of the dead so they may rest in darkness. Removing their eyelids keeps their eyes open, makes them see. Perhaps he intended them to be watchmen, or guardians of this house… or of his secrets. Um, either way. I mean, somewhere there are the bodies that belong to these people and he used them. I think ultimately, uh, Aickman intended to enhance Jonah's powers.\" \"Well, he amplified his séances.\" Wendy said. \"Somehow he bound the spirits of the dead to their bodies, yes, as an amplifier, probably through some form of ritual, or desecration. Perhaps buried outside the house?\" he said and then looked around, no doubt wondering where these things could be. \"Perhaps it would help if we prayed for all those poor souls that died here. And for the boy, too.\" He said and we all nodded. I took Popescu's hand and turned to Matt and put my hand in his. As soon as our hands made contact I felt the similar shock that happened the first time and then everything shifted and I opened my eyes to see I was back at the table of the séance and Jonah was beside me. I watched in horror as he twitched and gasped, his body convulsing uncontrollably. His head banged down onto the table suddenly and I winced. A clear liquid started to come out of his mouth onto the table and there were weird noises coming from him, like a low growl. He raised his head and looked terrified, he whimpered in fright and I wanted to stop it but I couldn't move. He started to gag and ectoplasm spewed from his mouth and floated into the air in front of him. I watched it as it started to glow and the table beneath me shook. I looked back up to see the ectoplasm glowing again and suddenly it expanded and seemed to burst into flames in an instant and I screamed as it rushed towards me, the heat hitting me in the face. I shielded my eyes with my arms and prepared to feel the burn of the flames but it never came. I cautiously opened my eyes to see I was back at the table and Sara had come home and was rushing to the table. \"Matt! Who are you? What are you doing in my house?\" she demanded of the reverend and I looked to Matt who was breathing heavily, I realised then that he must have been Jonah in the vision and his hand was still clutching mine, he must have been so scared. \"Did you see that?\" he asked and I nodded. \"I'm a reverend.\" Popescu said as he tried to reason with Sara. \"It's okay, we asked him to come.\" Wendy said, trying to show Sara he wasn't a threat. \"Asked him?\" Sara asked Wendy and looked to Popescu. \"I know Laura and Matt from the hospital.\" Popescu said. \"Get out of my house.\" Sara ordered. She reached for Matt to see if he was okay but he brushed her off and she looked taken back. \"Sara it's alright we asked Popescu to come help us.\" I said to Sara and she looked at me in confusion. \"Yeah we met at the hospital. I'm receiving treatment there.\" \"Get out!\" she shouted. \"He called me for advice. It's a little hard to explain.\" \"Try.\" Sara said threateningly. \"I believe that there is something evil in this house. Something no longer living and not yet passed over. And it wants your son.\" I got up and wrapped my arms around Matt who looked like he was still in shock. \"And that is a very dangerous situation for someone who's as close to death…\" Popescu continued but Sara cut him off. \"He's not.\" \"And I'm as hopeful as you, but tell me, have you not felt something strange here?\" Sara turned to look at Matt and I with a worried look, she couldn't deny it. \"I don't know what you're talking about. I appreciate the concern, but this is not the type of help we need right now. I'd like you to leave.\" She said and I sighed, he was only trying to help, and we could use all the help that we could get right now. \"Of course.\" Popescu said understandingly and he handed her a card with his number on it. \"You're not alone.\" He said and bowed to us before heading out the door. \"I'll be right back.\" I said to Matt and reluctantly let go of him to follow Popescu. I jogged and managed to catch up to him just as he was about to get into the car. \"Popescu, I'm really sorry about Sara.\" I breathed as I tried to get my breath back, I hadn't realised how bad my lungs were until I tried running. \"It's alright my dear, she was just trying to protect you all.\" He said with an understanding smile. \"Are you alright?\" he said as I took a deep breath. \"Yeah fine, it's just, uh, my breathing isn't good.\" I said and he looked concerned. \"Have you gone to the doctor about it?\" he asked and I sighed. \"The last time I went was when you and Matt were getting treatment together. I'm not getting better Reverend, I only have a few weeks left before my organs start to give out, I'm not gonna get better.\" I said and he looked sad. \"Does Matt know?\" he asked and I nodded. \"He found out last night. I was feeling fine but I guess running isn't my thing anymore.\" I tried to joke but he put a hand on my arm in concern. \"Take it easy, Laura. If you over-exert yourself it could make things a lot worse.\" He said and I nodded. \"I won't, I just wanted to apologize and to thank you for trying to help.\" \"It's not a problem. If anything else should happen, don't hesitate to call.\" He said and I shook his hand. \"Thank you.\" I said and he gave me a sad smile and a nod before heading off in the car. I slowly walked back to the house and headed down to the basement where Sara was sitting on Matt's bed. \"Laura, are you alright?\" Sara asked and I gave her a small smile. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Just a little tired.\" She nodded but I could tell she didn't believe me; she turned to Matt who was looking at the floor. \"Call me if you need anything, okay?\" she asked Matt and he nodded but didn't meet her eyes. She walked past me and up the stairs, as soon as we were sure she was in the kitchen Matt stood up. \"So you saw it again?\" Matt asked. \"Yes, I saw everything, Matt I'm so sorry you had to go through that, I wanted to stop it but I couldn't.\" I said and he wrapped his arms around me. \"It's okay, I'm alright. But I was really freaked out.\" He whispered and I rubbed his back. \"I know, me too.\" I said. \"Are you alright?\" he asked and pulled back to look at me as if trying to see if anything was wrong, I smiled slightly. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Just a little freaked out.\" \"What did you say to the reverend?\" he asked. \"Just that we appreciated him coming over and we were sorry that Sara threw him out. I told him about my cancer too.\" I added. \"What did he say?\" \"just to take it easy because I got a bit out of breath running to his car, my lungs are getting a bit worse.\" I said and he sighed. \"Do you feel alright now? No trouble breathing?\" he asked and I shook my head. \"No I feel fine now, tired.\" I said. \"Come on, let's try and get some sleep.\" Matt said and took my hand to lead me over to his bed, I didn't argue, truthfully I didn't wanna be alone in my bed even if he would just be only a few feet away, I wanted to be in his arms where it felt like nothing was wrong. I got under the covers while he went to switch off the light and he switched his lamp on beside my before joining me under the covers. I laid my head on his shoulder and managed to drift off to sleep. A short while later I woke to hear banging upstairs and someone shouting. \"Hello! Anybody home? All the lights are on!\" was that Peter? I looked over to Matt who had been woken too. \"What was that?\" Matt asked and I shrugged. \"It sounded like your dad.\" I said and Matt groaned slightly. \"He's been drinking again.\" He said in a tired voice and I raised an eyebrow. \"Again?\" I asked and he nodded. \"He used to be an alcoholic, he had been going good for a while there but I think everything has just gotten to him.\" He said and leaned over me to switch the lamp off. \"What are you doing?\" I asked, shrinking into his side as we were left in darkness. \"I don't want him coming because the light is on.\" He said and I nodded. He got out of bed and walked over to the bottom of the stairs, I could vaguely hear smashing sounds upstairs. \"Matt don't go up there.\" I whispered, he looked back to me and headed back to the bed and got back into it before laying down and I did the same. \"He's just in a bad mood, it'll be alright soon.\" He said. \"I hope so.\" I said and the smashing seemed to have stopped, I heard footsteps followed by a door closing so I guess he must have left. I gradually relaxed and soon enough Matt was asleep, I closed my eyes and tried to sleep but I felt too on-edge, like something was waiting to happen. After a while I gave up on trying to sleep and carefully climbed over Matt before making my way upstairs to get a drink. I grabbed a glass and went to fill it up when I noticed all the glass in the sink, Peter must have smashed the light bulbs, it was too dark to try and clean them up so I decided to help Sara in the morning. I filled the glass and took a sip before I heard a strange noise, like a rumbling that was going through the house. I stood frozen in the kitchen listening to it but a few seconds later it stopped. I shrugged and made my way back over to the stairs, then everything happened at once. All the lights around the house flickered like an insane lightning storm, every appliance in the kitchen turned on and even the TV, filling the house with noise. I whirled around and the glass slipped from my hand before smashing on the floor. \"Shit!\" I exclaimed and saw Matt heading up the stairs. \"Watch out! I broke a glass!\" I warned him and he carefully stepped over the glass before taking my hand and trying to get me out of the kitchen. \"Come upstairs!\" he shouted over the noise but I shook my head. \"I'm gonna put the glass in the bin, go upstairs and I'll be up in a minute.\" I said and he looked like he was about to protest. \"Matt I promise I'll be right up, go!\" I said and he reluctantly made his way upstairs. I bent down to scoop up the bits of glass when I stood I froze, there was something behind me. All the sounds and lights turned off so I turned around slowly to see one of the bodies standing behind me, but instead of looking vacant and expressionless it had a face of rage. Only two feet of space between us, I was terrified and was about to ask it what it wanted, then it suddenly moved closer in the blink of an eye and I felt a pair of hands shove me backwards. I screamed as I lost my footing and tumbled down the stairs, everything hurt by the time I reached the bottom. I lay there, unable to move and my head felt like it was spinning. Suddenly a pair of hands went to lift me and I screamed and thrashed, it had come back to finish me off. \"Laura! Stop, it's me! You're alright!\" Matt said and I opened my eyes to see him and Sara staring down at me worriedly. I stopped struggling and he and Sara helped me over to my bed. \"I'll go get something to clean you up.\" Sara said and I stared after her in confusion before I looked down and saw what she meant. My arms were bleeding were the glass must have cut them, I didn't even notice them until now. \"What happened?\" Matt asked. \"One of those things pushed me down the stairs.\" I said and looked shocked before a look of anger came over his face. \"Are you alright, sweetie?\" Sara asked as she came down the stairs and I nodded. \"Just a little sore but I don't think I broke anything.\" I said. \"What happened?\" she asked. \"I dropped a glass when all the noise came on and went to clean it up but lost my balance at the top of the stairs and fell.\" I said with a shrug. I looked to Matt who seemed like he was barely keeping his temper in check, I silently pleaded with my eyes for him to not say anything. \"Do you wanna stop by the hospital tomorrow for an x-ray just to make sure?\" she asked, I shook my head (ouch) with a polite smile. \"I'm sure I'll be fine, nothing feels broken so I'll probably just have some bad bruising. I should have been more careful.\" She set down the bowl and cloth she had in her hands and walked over to wrap her arms around my shoulders. \"It's alright sweetie, it wasn't your fault.\" She said and I nodded. \"Thanks Sara.\" I said gratefully and she pulled away and patted my hair. \"It's no problem sweetie, I'm gonna go get the stairs cleaned up. Matt can you clean Laura's cuts for her?\" she turned to Matt who nodded before she went towards the stairs. Matt dipped the cloth in the water and slowly began to clean my cuts, I could tell he was angry but he was probably waiting until Sara went upstairs. Soon enough Sara had the stairs cleaned and said goodnight before heading up to bed. Matt finished cleaning the cuts before putting the cloth in the bowl and setting it on the floor near his bed. I sat and waited for him to start shouting at me for not coming up the stairs, or getting angry about me being pushed. Instead he wrapped his arms around me and leaned his head on my shoulder. I wrapped my arms as much as I could around him without hurting the muscles and leant my head on his chest. \"I should have stayed with you.\" He whispered into my hair and I pulled back and shook my head. \"You didn't know that was gonna happen.\" I said, trying to stop him blaming himself. \"Did we really expect anything different from this house?\" he said and stared into my eyes, daring me to disagree. \"I suppose not.\" I said and gave a humourless chuckle. \"We need to tell Mom what's going on.\" He said and I nodded. \"We will, tomorrow.\" He nodded and I carefully lay down on the bed again and he lay beside me with one arm carefully draped over my waist and the other under my head, I was thankful it was comfortable to lie this way. \"I don't know what I would have done if you-\" his voice cracked on the last word and I pressed my lips to his to try and calm him down, thinking the worst wouldn't help anyone. \"I'm fine,\" I said as I pulled back for air a minute later, \"I really am, don't worry Matt, we'll put an end to this soon enough.\" I said and he didn't answer, I knew what he was thinking, would we end it before anyone else got hurt? Gradually he relaxed and his breathing evened out. I lay there, unable to sleep as one thought kept running through my mind. Who else might get hurt before we can put a stop to this? And will they be lucky enough to only have a few scrapes afterwards?[Chapter 10] Author's note: Hey! Here is Chapter 10, I decided to wrap up the story today seeing as I have the last few chapters done so enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, I only own my OCs. The next morning I woke up and Matt was heading back in from the bathroom. I smiled slightly at him and he tried to return it but it came out as a bit of a grimace. \"What?\" I asked and he sat down on the bed beside me. \"Nothing but your face is a little bruised; no doubt you're covered in them. It probably hurts like hell.\" He said and I suddenly remembered the fall last night. I tried to sit up and winced as my limbs and muscles ached with the action. I looked to Matt who smiled sympathetically. \"Wow, when they say it'll hurt more tomorrow they weren't lying.\" I said with a chuckle but it cut off with a groan as the slight movement of my shoulders sent a wave of pain through them. Matt brushed a curl from my face and traced lightly over a part of my forehead that was raised slightly, it's didn't hurt but it felt a little tender, he better keep his touch light or he might not be getting that hand back. \"I'm gonna go grab you some painkillers.\" He said and stood up. \"Alright, I'll stay here because obviously moving isn't a good idea.\" I said and he chuckled as he headed up the stairs. I tried sitting up a little straighter and leant against my headboard, I tried to ignore the dull ache that rippled through my lower back. He came down a few minutes later with a glass of water and some painkillers which I gratefully took. \"Thanks.\" I said and handed the glass to him to set on the floor. \"So when are you gonna tell your mom?\" I asked and he shrugged. \"Tonight I guess when she gets home. Do you mind telling her with me? I think she'd be more inclined to believe us if we both tell her what's been happening to us.\" He said. \"Yeah, sure. So what are we gonna do until she gets home?\" I asked. \"Surely you don't wanna be stuck looking after me all day.\" I said and he smiled. \"I don't mind, it feels good to take care of somebody rather than be taken care of all the time. How about we go up to the living room and watch some TV?\" He asked. \"Sure, can you grab some pillows and I'll take mine and my duvet?\" I said and he nodded and went to grab his pillows. About five minutes later we finally made it upstairs after I had to stop every second step because my body hurt everywhere. Matt had the patience of a saint and soon enough we finally reached the living room and I collapsed on the couch. Matt turned the TV on to a random show and sat beside me with one arm under my head which managed to help my neck to stop hurting. \"Thanks.\" I murmured. \"For what?\" he asked with a raised eyebrow. \"Just… everything. Helping me today and last night and everything and just, I don't know.\" I shrugged and managed a light chuckle that didn't hurt so much thanks to the magic of painkillers. \"Jeez those painkillers must have really gone to your head.\" He laughed and I glared at him playfully. \"I don't know what you're talking about. Totally fine I feel.\" I said and he laughed again, it felt good to laugh, well in the sense that we were having fun, in the physical sense it hurt like a bitch but that wouldn't stop me. A while later I was almost drifting off to sleep when my breath hitched and I started coughing, and when I say coughing I mean coughing up a lung. Matt sat up and patted my back gently as I tried to get breath into my lungs again. Eventually I was breathing relatively normal again and slumped back down on the couch, wincing as my ribs and shoulders throbbed from the movement of coughing. \"Are you alright? Do you need a drink or something?\" he asked with concern and I shook my head. \"No I'm fine, just a bit of a cough.\" I said with as much casualness as I could manage. I settled back down into his shoulder and tried to fall asleep, hoping to escape from my fragile body for an hour and just dream. \"Laura, wake up. Mom's home.\" Matt said and I opened my eyes to see the sunset streaming through the window and Matt and I in the same position as earlier. \"Oh, sorry I fell asleep on you. Your arm must be dead.\" I said and he chuckled and bent it a few times. \"Nah the circulation is still going, although another hour and it may have been blue.\" He said and stood to reach down and help me off the couch. He had one arm around my waist as we headed to the kitchen and Sara was pouring herself some juice. \"Hey guys.\" She greeted cheerfully, \"Laura are you feeling better?\" she asked as Matt lowered me into a chair. \"A little, still a bit sore but nothing is broken.\" I said and she smiled and turned to Matt. \"Are you okay?\" she asked as she noticed his serious face. \"Mom can you sit down?\" he asked and she glanced between us worriedly before sitting down in the nearest chair. \"What is it?\" she asked and Matt glanced at me and I nodded slightly. He turned back to her and took a deep breath, \"Mom we need you to call the reverend back.\" Matt said and Sara sighed. \"Guys he seems perfectly nice but I don't think spiritual help is what we need right now.\" She said and Matt shook his head. \"We need him because what he was saying about the house is true. There's something here Mom, something bad. Laura and I have been seeing things since the first day we were here, things that we couldn't explain. Popescu was helping us because we think the house is haunted.\" He said and Sara stared at us in disbelief. I decided to step in. \"We know it sounds crazy, we didn't want to believe it at first, but there's something here. We just assumed we were seeing things and none of it was real but it is. The lights last night, the plates getting smashed, that was all because of what's in the house, there's something here that wants to hurt us.\" I said and she shook her head. \"That's crazy; the plates fell because Matt put them too close to the edge and the lights last night? There were probably problems with the wiring.\" She said and I shook my head. \"There are loads of other things that have been happening, things that can't be explained. Last night when I said I fell down the stairs, I lied. Something pushed me.\" The end was barely a whisper as I finally told her the truth, her eyes widened and she looked to Matt for confirmation and he nodded. \"Guys this is-\"she began but Matt cut her off. \"Insane? We know, but it's been happening since we got here and at first I thought it was the treatment or something but Laura was seeing it too. We need help Mom, we're both sick and this thing is trying to get to us.\" He said and she looked to me. \"But I thought you said you were getting better.\" She said quietly and I gulped. \"I'm not. I lied about getting better; the doctors stopped treatment because it wasn't working anymore. I only have a few weeks left before I start getting really sick and then it's only a matter of time.\" I said and she held a hand to her mouth in shock and got up to walk over and hug me. \"I'm so sorry sweetie.\" She said. I hugged her back; everyone was feeling hopeless to stop what was going on around us. She pulled back and looked between Matt and me. \"I'll call the reverend and see if he can come over later.\" She said and Matt and I both let out sighs of relief. She kissed my forehead and patted Matt's shoulder before going to find the card with his number. \"So what now?\" Matt asked and I shrugged slightly. \"I guess we wait. I'm gonna go downstairs, are you coming?\" I asked and he nodded. We grabbed our stuff from the living room and went down the stairs to the basement. I joined Matt in his bed after setting my duvet and pillows on mine and curled into his side and we lay in silence, waiting until this nightmare would hopefully be over. A while later we heard a car approach the house and the front door open and close a few minutes later. A shudder ran through Matt and I sat up slightly, the hairs on the back of my neck standing up as fear clenched the bottom of my stomach. We weren't alone in the room. Matt gripped my hand tightly in his and I wrapped it around his waist, the room filled with tension and seemed to get colder by the minute. I edged closer to Matt and he shuddered again, I tried to calm him down but we both knew something was about to happen. No sooner had Matt shuddered again than when I looked over to the door to the mortuary and saw Jonah watching us, I leaned protectively over Matt and tried to keep my breathing even. A few minutes later Popescu and Sara came down to the basement and Popescu looked to Jonah. \"Yeah, he's here. Matt, Laura, do you see him?\" he asked and we both nodded. \"I don't see anything.\" Sara said as she looked around the room, if only she knew how lucky she was. \"That's good. You're strong, you're healthy. You shouldn't see anything.\" Popescu said and started walking towards the mortuary. Sara came over to Matt's bed and sat with us, trying to calm Matt down. Popescu entered the room and was speaking softly, I couldn't make out what it was but I know he was talking to Jonah. He had been walking slowly over to the doors of the lift and suddenly they slammed shut. Sara, Matt and I jumped at the harsh sound and I winced as the door slammed over and over again, this was a bad idea. Popescu came back into the room with us and looked back to the mortuary. \"There must be another way. Perhaps the other side of that wall.\" He said and pointed to the door. \"I have to get his remains out of the house.\" He said determinedly and as he headed to find the way in. Matt whimpered and I rubbed his shoulder soothingly and closed my eyes, trying to block out the sounds that were filling the house. It was no use; nothing could drown out the sounds of banging around us. I opened my eyes and my breath caught in my throat as I saw Jonah in Matt's room, watching us. No, watching Matt. The lights started to flicker and I started gasping, my lungs felt like they were too small to get a breath into. Sara tried to calm both me and Matt down but it was no use. The lights continued to flicker and in an instant Jonah had moved closer, my voice somehow managed to claw its way out of my throat. \"Leave him alone, Jonah!\" I said and his blue eyes flickered to me for a second before going back to Matt, it was no use, we couldn't stop him. I tried to cover Matt with my arms and protect him, but I knew it wouldn't help. Jonah got closer and closer to Matt, until he was inches away. \"NO!\" I screamed and in an instant he disappeared and the lights stopped flickering, Popescu had gotten him out. It was over. The silence of the house filled our ears and Matt breathed out a shaky sigh of relief. \"It stopped.\" Sara breathed and I nodded, she stroked Matt's hair and patted my shoulder before getting up to go see the reverend. I held Matt in my arms as he sobbed in relief. \"It's alright, it's over.\" I said again and again, I didn't know if it was him or me I was trying so hard to convince. \"It doesn't feel like it's over.\" He choked out and I turned him to look at me. \"That's just because of everything that happened. Jonah's gone, Matt. He can't hurt you anymore.\" I said and he searched my eyes before nodding in agreement. I lay down behind him and pulled him down with me, my arms still wrapped around him from behind. We both needed time to accept that it was over. A few minutes had passed and I still had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach, like when you know something is about to happen. Matt seemed to be tense as well and he glanced over to the window. \"What?\" I asked as he looked away from the window. \"He's outside.\" He whispered and I sat up and leaned forward to look out the window. He was staring in helplessly, pleading with his eyes. But I wouldn't help him anymore, not after he tried to hurt Matt. I leaned back down behind Matt and rubbed his shoulder. \"It's just because Popescu hasn't left yet. Give it a few minutes and you'll be fine.\" I said and he nodded before gradually relaxing and falling asleep. I waited until I was sure he was in a deep sleep and went out to the bathroom and sat on the edge of the bath, breathing deeply. I crossed to the sink and splashed water on my face, praying that when I looked up Jonah wouldn't be in the mirror. I finally summed up the courage to look at my reflection and breathed in relief when I saw that I was the only one in the mirror. My relief was shot-lived as I heard Matt's panicked scream from the bedroom. I ran into the room and over to the bed. \"What is it?\" I cried and tried to grip his wrists, but they felt rough and damp. He flinched away from my touch whimpering in fear and I headed for the stairs to switch the main light on to try and see what happened. My breath caught as a shadow came into view at the top of the stairs but I relaxed when I saw it was only Sara. She switched the light on as she made her way down. \"Come quick!\" I said as I turned back to Matt. What I saw made my stomach drop. He was covered in the writing like one of the bodies, angry red letters scrawled across his skin. \"Oh my God!\" Sara cried as she caught sight of him. Matt whimpered as she opened his shirt to see the writing covered him. \"God what have you done to yourself?!\" she asked in disbelief. \"I didn't do anything.\" He said helplessly and she looked to me in confusion. \"I was out at the bathroom! I came back in when he screamed.\" I said as panic hit me, surely she didn't think I did it? She nodded and turned back to Matt. \"Okay, I'm gonna call an ambulance.\" She said and Matt whimpered loudly as she left and I walked over to him, I wanted to wrap my arms around him and tell him everything would be alright, but I knew it was a lie. \"It's not over.\" He kept whispering over and over again to me and I nodded, this was seriously bad. I stood motionless for the next few minutes as the familiar feeling of dread seized me by the throat and made any words of comfort impossible to get out. I stood frozen as the paramedics came down and took Matt upstairs, Sara trailing behind looking as helpless as I feel. She turned to me and I took a step back. \"Sara you have to believe me, I didn't do this.\" I said and she nodded and embraced me in a tight hug. \"I know you didn't sweetie. I'm going to the hospital with Matt and then we're getting out of here, wait until I get back and make sure everyone else is okay.\" She said and I nodded into her shoulder. She gave me a quick kiss on the forehead before running upstairs after the paramedics. I slumped down on the bed and cried, we would never escape. The minute we thought we were safe something else would come along and destroy us. We were helpless and trapped. After a few seconds I forced myself to calm down and slowly made my way upstairs, I came into the hall to see Billy and Mary standing at the bottom of the stairs with worried looks on their faces. \"What happened?\" Billy asked in a small voice and I swallowed a sob. \"Matt didn't feel very well so they've taken him to the hospital. Come on upstairs guys.\" I said and went to lead them up as Wendy came in. \"You alright?\" she asked as she noticed I had been crying. I nodded and tried to manage a smile. \"Just a little worried. I'm gonna take Billy and Mary upstairs.\" I said and she nodded gratefully before heading to the kitchen. I took Billy and Mary into one of the rooms and watched as they half-heartedly played with toys, trying just like everyone else to ignore what was going on around us. A few minutes later Wendy came into the room. \"Where's Matt?\" Mary asked and Wendy shifted her feet awkwardly. \"He's at the hospital, the doctors are gonna take care of him there.\" She said and Billy and Mary both nodded. Wendy bit into an apple and then spun around; spitting the piece she had taken off into her hand before quickly exiting the room. I tried to ignore it and figure out some explanation but curiosity got the better of me after a moment and I followed her downstairs. I came into the kitchen to see her putting stuff from the fridge into a bag, I was about to ask her what she was doing when the awful smell of mould hit my nose and I gagged, putting a hand over my mouth as the stench filled my nose. She looked at me and I pointed to the fridge, not able to keep my stomach from heaving long enough to ask her. \"This stuff was fine a minute ago!\" she said helplessly and headed out the back. I looked into the fridge and the whole inside was covered in mould, how the hell did that happen? She came back in a few minutes later and I shut the fridge door. \"I'm going to grab a shower, that stuff is nasty.\" She said with a shudder and I nodded as she left the room. I stood in the kitchen for a few minutes after she left, not knowing what to do. Finally I just decided to head down to the basement and wait until Sara came back. I made my way down and froze as I noticed the mortuary door was open. Was it open before? I cautiously made my way over and stepped into the room, looking around. Something was telling me I needed to be in here, a small voice in the back of my head that my feet seemed to be obeying rather than the rest of my head which was screaming at me to run. I stepped over to the cremator and my hand reached out of its own accord, like it was being drawn to the handle by magnets. A shock ran through my body and I felt the familiar sensation of a vision coming on. There were a few seconds where random images flashed before my eyes and my brain didn't have enough time to figure out what they were. Suddenly a clearer image appeared and I recognised the scene of the séance. The ectoplasm lay on the table in a mess with steam coming off it, I saw Jonah wake with a start and get up off the floor. He passed several bodies with bad burns before coming over to one and kneeling beside it, this must be Aickman. \"Sir?\" he asked in a small voice and Aickman turned to Jonah. \"They'll be coming for you no. get out.\" He said in a weak voice and Jonah stood up and ran. He moved past the table just as it moved and slammed into the wall. A face of a body appeared in front of my eyes, I recognised it as one similar to the one that pushed me down the stairs, the face of rage on it similar to the one on the body that I saw. He ran through curtains as doors slammed around him. He ran through the hallway and up the stairs, doors slammed in his face as he tried to find a way out and he turned with fear in his blue eyes to see the walls around him turn mouldy and decayed, the writing that covered the bodies scrawling itself across the walls as it moved towards him. He ran to the end of the hall and climbed into the lift, his last chance for escape. He closed the door and as the lift lowered he cried out for help. \"Somebody help me! Please! Somebody help me!\" flashed of images flew through my mind as I listened to his terror-filled scream. The lift reached the bottom and he crawled into the cremator to try and make it out of the door at the front. As soon as he made his way in the cremator door and the space he had crawled through shut, sealing him in. the flames of the cremator turned on and Jonah's scream filled my ears, the same one I had heard before. It was filled with pain and fear, ten everything was gone and I stood in the mortuary alone. Tears spilling down my cheeks as I staggered away from the cremator and leant on the table for support. Sobs clawed their way out of my throat as I buried my face in my hands. We had spent so long thinking Jonah wanted to hurt us, when really he had been hurt and needed help. And we got rid of him. He wasn't the evil one, those souls that were tortured here were, and they killed Jonah. Were we next? As soon as the thought came into my head the door to the mortuary slammed shut and I jumped, I guess that answers my question. I made my way to the door and struggled with the handle, it was no use. I was trapped. I stood back and tried to figure out how I would get out, suddenly a creak was heard behind me and I turned to see the table swing back and forth, the chains on the back wall moving up and down. Oh God, well I'm not staying in here, that's for sure. I looked around helplessly and lifted a stool sitting nearby and swung it at the door, ignoring the searing pain of my arms as it smashed the glass. The pieces fell away from the window in the door and I used the stool to break away any jagged edges left on the window before dropping the stool and climbing through. I cursed myself for not wearing shoes as my feet stepped over the glass, the pain was easy to ignore and I made my way to the centre of the room before brushing the shards off my feet. I straightened up only to be shoved forward onto the ground, my knees smacking painfully off the floor. I tried to get up again only to be pushed down a second later. I groaned and made my way on my hands and knees to the bottom of the stairs. I scrambled up the stairs as fast as I could and threw myself into the kitchen, struggling to get as far away from the stairs as possible. I'll be damned if I'm taking another tumble down those things again. I used the edge of the counter to help myself up, leaning against them for support as my knees threatened to give out. I noticed after a few seconds that the answering machine had a message and I pressed the button to play it, hoping it was Sara with some good news about Matt. I listened in horror as I heard Popescu's message telling us to get out of the house, we were basically sitting ducks in a house full of vengeful spirits. No sooner had the message ended than the kitchen door opened and a scream was about to come from my mouth when Wendy came in, I breathed a sigh of relief. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. \"We have to get out of here right now. I'm going to call my mom and se if she will let us in. we are not staying here any longer.\" I said and she nodded. I went to the phone and tried to remember the number. Wendy walked towards the window in the back. \"I'm going out to get these sheets in.\" she called back and I dialled the number. \"Come one, come on.\" I said as it rang, hoping she would pick up. The answering machine picked up and I slammed the phone back into the receiver. \"Shit!\" I went to help Wendy out the back and froze at the back door as I heard her shout to Matt. He was here? Before I could even take another step to see if it was really him, Wendy ran through the door and slammed it shut, struggling with the lock. I was about to ask her why the hell she was locking Matt out when an axe crashed through the door, missing Wendy by inches. We screamed at the same time and she backed away in shock, we both turned to find Mary standing behind us looking confused and scared. Wendy went over to her while I backed away from the door as Matt chopped through it before opening the door from the other side. \"Matt what are you doing?\" I demanded as he came through the door, I gripped his arm and he spun round to face me with a fire of determination in his eyes. \"We have to get everyone else out. Now.\" He said and I nodded, he headed for the dining room and I went into the living room where Mary was standing with fearful eyes. She ran over and wrapped her arms around my waist. \"What's happening Laura?\" she asked in a small voice and I leant down to her. \"We're getting you guys out. Come on.\" I said and led her to the front hall. Matt came in pushing Billy and Wendy, taking Mary with him as he shoved them out the door. I backed away from the door as Matt shouted at them to get out, Wendy tried to get back in but Matt wasn't having any of it. \"Whatever you do, do not let them put out the fire.\" He ordered. \"What about you?\" Wendy cried. \"I'm already dead.\" Matt said and slammed the door in their faces. He turned and walked towards me, seizing me by the shoulders as his eyes looked into mine. \"I can't do this alone. But you have to promise me that you'll leave when the fire starts.\" He said and I shook my head. \"I don't make promises I know I won't keep. We're in this together. I'm staying.\" I said, my voice faltering as I realised we were both about to sign our lives away right now, we wouldn't come out of here alive. The sadness in his eyes told me he was thinking the same and he crashed his lips to mine in a final kiss. This wasn't a gentle kiss filled with sweetness like the others we had shared, this was the desperate kiss of two people who knew they had reached the end of their lives together, it was filled with pain and passion, and it was our last kiss. He broke away and I cupped his face to get one last look at it, only a few weeks before had I seen it for the first time, now it was the last time I'd be able to appreciate how amazing he was. I took my hands in his and breathed deeply. This was it. \"Help me with the furniture.\" He said and we broke apart, we grabbed random pieces of furniture and piled them up at the doors. I followed him through every room and tried to help as much as I could, trying to keep my emotions at bay as we sealed all our escapes out of the house. We piled the furniture in the dining room and Matt flipped the table and pushed it over to the wall before grabbing the axe and swinging it at the wall. I watched as the wood broke away to reveal bodies stacked behind it. I blinked and suddenly it wasn't Matt breaking the walls down, but Jonah. I realised then that Matt was here because Jonah still needed us. He had shown Matt and I what we needed to do. I blinked and once again I saw Matt, the bodies spilled out onto the floor and Matt went to the other walls and broke them down, bodies spilling from them onto the floor. I saw a flash of Jonah again and Matt turned to me once he had all the walls done. \"Get something to start the fire with, see if you can find some matches.\" He said and I nodded before stumbling towards the kitchen. I opened all the drawers before finding a box of matches and heading back towards the dining room, I met Matt coming up from the basement with a box of bottles and the box with the photos and eyelids. We went back to the dining room and Matt handed me two bottles of Formaldehyde which were the bottles in the boxes and he threw some at the walls and poured others over the bodies. I followed his lead and eventually we had the bodies covered along with the walls, a fire would start quickly thanks to the chemicals. I handed Matt the box of matches and he lit one, looking at me with an unreadable expression. I nodded and he threw the match down and we were surrounded in a ring of fire. We grabbed any spare pieces of furniture lying in the room and threw them against the walls. I watched Matt crouch in front of some shelves and breathed deeply, taking his shirt off before grabbing the shelves and throwing them towards some flames. He crouched on the floor and groaned, I bent down in front of him and took his arm, he looked back up and this time it was Jonah looking at me. His skin was still burned and his arm was rough to the touch. \"You can do this.\" I said, both to him and Matt. He nodded and I blinked to see Matt again. He grabbed the box and opened it, handing me some photos before taking some himself and throwing them onto the fire. I did the same and he emptied the box of eyelids over the bodies as well. I heard a rumbling noise behind me and turned to see the walls turn mouldy and the writing appear again. I backed up into Matt who wrapped his arms around me. I started gasping in fear as I remembered this is what Jonah saw before they killed him, the smoke filled my lungs and I started to cough. My air passage felt like it was on fire as I desperately tried to breath, but it was no use, I couldn't get any clean air into my lungs. The bodies appeared around us and I watched in fear as they came closer. Eventually I got too weak to stand and my knees gave out I crouched on the floor and Matt leaned over me, trying to pat my back and stop me coughing, but my lungs were losing out to the merciless smoke that filled them. I looked up to see hands covered in writing reach towards Matt and I, I heard Matt's scream in my ear but I couldn't even find my voice to make a sound never mind scream as well. A few seconds passed but they felt like hours and suddenly Sara came in. \"Matt! Laura!\" she cried and took us both in her arms, dragging us over to a table and we lay under it as the ceiling started to fall. I lay with my head on Matt's chest and tried to breathe, but it was no use, my lungs were just about done. \"I'm here. I'm here.\" She said and I tried to take comfort from the woman who in just a few weeks became more like a mom to me than mine had in years. We watched the house fall around us piece by piece. \"The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me beside still waters…\" the sound of Sara's prayer faded as my body became numb; I looked up to see the bodies that had been watching us fade away. As my life slipped from my fingertips the last thing I registered before everything went black was Matt's heard stilling beneath me, my own weak one sure to follow seconds later as I drifted into nothingness.[Chapter 11] Author's note: Here is Chapter 11! The last real chapter in the story, the next is an epilogue, enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything from The Haunting In Connecticut, I only own my OCs. From the darkness I fell into I could start to hear things around me, hear sirens and people shouting, for a few seconds I thought I had lived and somehow clawed my way back, but as I opened my eyes I realised what had happened. I stood a few feet from where the paramedics were working over my body, trying to revive me. I knew by the fact I was watching that it was too late, I was gone. I looked over at Matt who was being revived also; Sara was crying and holding his hand. I wanted so badly for him to be alright, I would be alright with dying if I knew he had lived. As I watched Matt sat up coughing and I could see Jonah's spirit leave him like a breath of smoke. It faded and I smiled, he was finally free. Almost instantly I felt a cold hand touch my own, I looked up in shock and there he was. He stood tall and had no scarring, his ice blue eyes stared into mine and they were full of sympathy, I gave a strained smile and looked over to Matt. \"Will he be alright now?\" I asked and he nodded, smiling fondly at Matt who was still in shock. \"He will.\" He said confidently and his voice sounded nice, I nodded. \"And so will you.\" I looked over at him, confused. \"But I'm dead, I've passed on.\" I tried to reason but he shook his head. \"You haven't yet; your spirit hasn't passed on because there's something you need to do.\" \"What?\" I asked, what could I have left do? \"You need to live, Laura. You've spent so much of your life waiting on death that you forgot to live, and then you met Matt. I've seen how happy you are together and it's not right that you have to let that go. Plus I owe you for helping Matt and I, if it hadn't been for you I don't think he could have coped with this all. So as a thank you, I'm giving you the life that you deserve.\" He said and I shook my head. \"I don't deserve it, I've spent years wanting to die, and I don't deserve to live now just because I did this. As long as Matt is alive and well I don't care about what happens to me.\" I looked over at Matt who seemed to realise I wasn't with him. He turned to my body just as the paramedics gave up on trying reviving me. \"No!\" he cried and lifted my body into his arms, sobbing into my chest and begging me to come back. I felt tears build up at the sight of him; I wanted so badly to be in his arms. \"He won't be alright without you. He needs you, and you need him. The fact you care more about him living than yourself proves how much you love him. That's how I know you deserve this. If you want, you can have a long and happy life with Matt, you can do everything you've always wanted but been too scared to try and get. If you want it. Do you?\" he asked, I looked to Matt and knew the answer. \"Yes.\" I answered confidently and turned to Jonah. He smiled and I wrapped my arms around him in a tight hug. \"I would be so happy if you could do that, Jonah.\" \"I will.\" He whispered into my hair and hugged me back tightly. \"Be happy with him, Laura, you both deserve it.\" \"Thank you, Jonah. I'll be forever grateful.\" I whispered and he pulled back to smile at me one last time. \"As will I.\" he whispered and pressed a kiss to my forehead, I closed my eyes and the coolness of his lips faded and everything went black. I woke up gasping on the ground where my body had been, air filling my lungs and I desperately tried to regulate my breathing again. I sat up and Matt looked at me with disbelief for a second before his tears of sadness turned to tears of joy and he grabbed me in a hug. His family smiled at me and I smiled back as tears spilled down my face. I pulled back just enough to kiss Matt with as much love as I could muster, the salt of our tears mixing as we kissed and realised we were both here, alive. I leant my forehead against his and sobbed; he cupped my face in his hands and stared into my eyes. \"I thought you were gone.\" He choked out. \"For a minute I was, but a mutual friend intervened.\" I said and he smiled. \"I love you\" I said. \"I love you too.\" He said before kissing my forehead and wrapping me in his arms again, his family following suit and soon we were all in a tight group hug. I looked to the night sky that was filled with stars and looked in wonder as I realised I got to stay here. Thank you Jonah , I thought, you saved us. I sat in the hospital bed, staring at nothing in particular, trying to wrap my head around what had happened in the last few hours. Just as I decided to forget about it and try and get some sleep, the door creaked open and Matt walked in, smiling. \"Good you're awake, I can't sleep.\" He said, taking the seat beside my bed. \"Me neither, I was gonna try but I know I'll just end up staring at the ceiling for a few hours. I'm glad you're here, but you're too far away, get up here.\" I reached out to him and he took my hand before lying on the bed beside me and wrapping and his other arm around my shoulders. He looked at our joined hands for a moment before looking in my eyes; there was a look I couldn't decipher. \"What?\" I asked. \"It's just… I can't believe you're alright, I thought when I saw you that you were gone for sure. I didn't know what I was gonna do.\" His voice was thick with emotion at the end and I put a hand on his cheek, trying to comfort him. \"Hey, it's alright,\" I said softly, \"I'm right here Matt, Jonah saved me from being stuck as a ghost and I came back, it's all gonna be alright now.\" \"A ghost? Would you not have passed on?\" he asked. \"No, I was a ghost standing just a bit away from where my body was, Jonah came over and told me the reason I hadn't passed on was that I had left something behind that I needed. It was you; I couldn't go on without you so he sent me back to you. And here I am.\" I smiled and wiped a stray tear from his cheek with my thumb. \"I'm so glad you came back, I don't know what I'd have done without you.\" He said and I had to fight off my own tears. \"Well you don't have to, I'm right here.\" I whispered and kissed him. As we lay in silence I suddenly remembered about how long I had left, why would Jonah have said that I could have a long life if I only have a few weeks left? As if by magic Dr Brooks walked in and smiled as he saw Matt and me on my bed. \"Ah there you are Matt, I went to your room to give you some news before I came here but you weren't there. Now I know where you disappeared to.\" He chuckled. \"Laura I actually have news for you too.\" He said and I sat up. \"What is it?\" I asked. \"Well uh, we took some scans when you came in to try and see what sort of damage the fire caused. And when they came back we got a bit of a surprise. It seems that both your cell counts have decreased quite significantly, only a few hours earlier it seemed as if Matt was a goner and Laura as you know it would only be a matter of time before your body started to shut down. But now it seems that the cell counts are decreasing, this could be early signs of partial remission.\" He said and Matt and I looked at each other in astonishment. \"Wait,\" Matt said, \"partial remission? As in the cancer could sometime return?\" he asked and suddenly my joy deflated, we could be happy for a while but it could return and destroy everything. \"Well at this stage we have to say partial remission because even though the decrease in cells is phenomenal, we can't say for sure that they will keep decreasing so much that the cancer disappears.\" \"But it could happen?\" I asked; hope getting the better of me. \"Normally for cases like yours I wouldn't want to give you false hope. But I feel as if you guys deserve some good news. If this decrease of cells continues over the next few weeks, you guys could go into complete remission, meaning the cancer will have completely disappeared and it could be permanent.\" At this statement I broke down in tears, finally we had hope, I didn't care that the doctors weren't sure; this showed me that Jonah had kept his word and we would get better. Matt hugged me and got up to shake Dr Brooks' hand, who left Matt and I alone to try and grasp how drastically our lives had changed. \"This is Jonah, Matt! He told me how I would have a long life with you but I didn't know for sure until now, we're gonna be alright!\" I sobbed and he wrapped me in his arms and kissed my hair. \"We will be.\" he whispered. The door opened again and the whole Campbell clan spilled into the room. \"Dr Brooks just told us the good news! We're so happy for you guys!\" Sara exclaimed, fresh tears falling down her face as she embraced us both in a tight hug. We all huddled together and celebrated, as a family. Suddenly the door opened again and I looked up to see who had come to interrupt. \"Mom?\" I breathed. She stood in the doorway unsure, looking at us with wide eyes. Sara looked at me before she ushered everyone out of the room. Matt gave my hand a squeeze to reassure me before he passed my mom and went out into the hall. She stood awkwardly in the middle of the room, I gestured to the chair by the bed and she slowly walked over before she sat down. \"I wanted to come see if you were alright, I heard you almost didn't make it.\" She said quietly. \"Yeah but I pulled through, sorry if that was disappointing for you.\" I said and she looked at me. \"It wasn't. These past few weeks without you helped me realise just how much of a… complete bitch I had been to you. You never asked to be sick but I made sure you felt bad about it every day. And for that I'm truly sorry, I never realised just how badly I had been treating you until you were gone. And then it was like I saw what it would be like after you died, and I realised I took the last few years for granted when I should have treasured them. I let you down.\" She said, her eyes filling with tears. \"Yeah you did.\" I said and she looked down. \"But I forgive you.\" She looked up and tears spilled down her cheeks, \"it wasn't fair what happened to us, it wasn't fair that I got cancer and dad left. You didn't deserve to be left with a sick child. It's him that was the bitch really, not you. Although you were a bitch sometimes.\" I joked at the end and she laughed. \"I really was. And I know it was you dad's fault I was unhappy, not yours. I'm not here to beg you to come back, because I know how much damage I've caused these past few years and I know it can't be undone by an apology. What I am asking is that, if you want, we can stay in contact and maybe you can visit more if you're not too sick.\" She said and I nodded. \"I will.\" She stood and kissed my forehead. \"Bye, Laura.\" She said. \"Bye, Mom.\" She walked out and a few seconds later the Campbell's came back in. \"How did it go?\" Matt asked as he sat on the bed beside me. \"Good, we kind of made our peace with each other.\" I said and he smiled. \"So what happens now?\" I asked and Matt looked at Sara. \"Well we might find another house to rent for a few weeks until you and Matt get the all-clear from the hospital. Then I guess we move back to New York.\" She said and my stomach tightened, they were leaving. \"All of us.\" She added and smiled at me. I stared at her in disbelief. \"If that's alright with you Laura?\" she asked and I desperately tried to answer but I gave up and just nodded as tears spilled down my cheeks again. She hugged me and everyone joined in. \"Alright guys, we're staying in a motel for the night until we can find somewhere to stay now. Laura and Matt have to stay here overnight so everyone say goodnight.\" Peter said and I got tackled by Billy and Mary for a hug and Wendy came over after and gave me a gentle hug. Peter patted me on the head and Sara kissed my forehead. Soon it was just Matt and I in the room. \"Well I better get back to my room before the nurses come in and drag me back.\" He joked and I laughed, \"See you in the morning.\" He said gently and gave me a light kiss. \"Night.\" I whispered and settled down to sleep after he had closed the door, dreams of my future with the Campbell's playing through my head as I had the best night's sleep in a long time. To Carla: HA! I TOLD YOU IT WAS A HAPPY ENDING! :)[Chapter 12] Author's note: Here is the epilogue for the story! I wanna say a massive thank you to anyone who has taken the time to read this far, I really appreciate it! Disclaimer: I do not own The Haunting In Connecticut, I also don't own any rights to Here I Am by Bryan Adams One year later: As I started to wake up I could feel kisses being pressed along my shoulder, working their way up my neck and cheek and I opened my eyes to find Matt smiling at me. \"That's still the best way to wake up, ever.\" I said groggily and he chuckled. \"But you forgot here.\" I pointed to my lips and pouted; he playfully rolled his eyes and kissed me on the lips. When he pulled back I sat up and rubbed my eyes, I looked over at him and smiled. His eyes were amazing and youthful, they no longer had dark circles under them, and he looked far more healthy and full of life. I looked much the same, I finally had curves and my brown eyes were far brighter, I looked like a young healthy girl and no longer a ghost that's waiting to pass on. I ran a hand through my curls and groaned as I realised how tangled they were. \"Can you hand me that brush?\" I asked and he handed me the one on the nightstand. I brushed my hair through before looking over to find Matt staring with a small smile on his face. I poked my tongue out and ran the brush through his hair; he grabbed it off me laughing and set it back on the nightstand. \"Breakfast is ready.\" I groaned and lay back down, pulling the blankets up over my head. \"But breakfast involves getting out of bed and I don't wanna do that.\" I said and Matt laughed. Suddenly his weight left the bed and I assumed he had left me in peace. The thought was short lived as the covers were unceremoniously yanked off me and I lay there in a tank top and pyjama bottoms, leaning up on my elbows to glare at Matt who was grinning at the bottom of the bed where the sheets now lay. Stubborn as ever I curled up into a ball and tried to keep warm, but he grabbed me around the waist and threw me over his shoulder and carried me downstairs, laughing the whole way as I grumbled angrily. He carried me to the kitchen and sat me right-side-up in a chair before sitting beside me, a gorgeous smile on his face. I glared until Sara came in. \"Good, you're finally up.\" She teased and Matt chuckled. \"Well I was having a rather nice sleep until your son woke me up and carried me down the stairs against my will!\" I exclaimed and they both laughed. \"Still love me?\" Matt asked and I tried to keep the smile off my face, I leaned over and kissed him. \"Always.\" I whispered against his lips which I could feel turning up into a smile. \"Jeez cut the kissing you two, people wanna eat at this table!\" Wendy scolded and Matt laughed at my blush before pulling me onto his lap and wrapping his arms around me. I stole a bit of bacon from his plate and popped it into my mouth, chuckling at his narrowed eyes. \"Anyone ever tell you it's not nice to steal?\" he said and Mary giggled from her seat. \"Yeah they did, but they also told me you should never man-handle a woman and take her from her warm bed on a Sunday. Payback is a bitch, isn't it?\" I smirked and he poked my side, I nearly leapt of his lap laughing and the whole family joined in. I sat back down in my seat and grinned at Matt who returned the gesture. I couldn't help but admire how well he looked, he had filled out more and looked healthy, and he even had a fair decent bit of muscle on him now. He looked amazing. It was hard to believe that just over a year ago we almost died, and here we sat. After the fire our cell counts were continued to rapidly decrease and within a few weeks the cancer had totally disappeared. My tumours all cleared up and I'm healthy as a horse. No doctor or nurse could explain it; they said it was a true miracle. There were times after when Matt or I or both of us would get sick and our family would worry the cancer had come back, but I knew it wouldn't. I moved with the Campbells back to New York and have been living here for a year now, I took a few art classes and have had a few shows as part of my class and they've went very well. I see my mom from time to time, I've even made a trip to Connecticut to see her, the Aickman house was being rebuilt when I was visiting and apparently it would be resold afterwards. As much as I have learned that things are truly over, I wouldn't touch that house with a ten-foot pole. Matt and I are still going strong, we've both been close enough to death to realise just what we'd be missing, so we make it a mission to live our lives to the full. I also do it for Jonah, because there isn't a day that goes by where I'm not grateful for what he did, he gave us life. He gave me the chance to have a real family, and to be with the guy I love. I'll be forever thankful for that. I looked around the table to see the rest of the family, Peter hasn't drank since that night and the business has picked up, he's a lot less stressed than he was and I'm glad. Sara is the best mom a girl could ask for, other than our looks you'd think we were mother and daughter, I love the woman to pieces. Billy is doing well and is getting taller by the day, he and Matt are close again and it's nice to see. Wendy and Mary's parents finally settled the divorce and they both now share custody of Wendy and Mary but they still come here from time to time to stay over. Mary is still as cute as a button and even refers to me as her cousin, she and Wendy still take every opportunity to tease me about Matt. Matt reached over and laid his hand on mine, pulling me out of my daydream about how far we've come. \"You okay?\" he asked and I smiled. \"Never better.\" I answered truthfully and he grinned. \"Good, it's just not very like you to not sit with a plate of bacon and not dive in head-first, I was worried.\" He laughs and I shove his shoulder before resuming breakfast. After breakfast we all get ready to go to Church like we did every Sunday. I went upstairs and got changed, just as I was finishing my hair Matt came in. \"You sure you're alright?\" he asks and came over to wrap his arms around my waist. \"Yeah I'm fine, sorry for spacing out this morning, I was just thinking.\" I shrugged. \"About what?\" \"Just… how grateful I am to be here.\" He nodded. \"I know how you feel, I still can't believe it. Is that bad? It's been over a year and I'm still not used to it.\" He looked down and I lifted his chin to stare into his eyes. \"I don't think we'll ever get used to it, I don't even know if I want to get used to it. I never wanna forget how lucky we are to be here.\" \"Me neither.\" He sighed and then kissed me lightly on the lips, \"Come on, time to go.\" He took my hand and we walked out to Sara's car, Wendy, Mary, Matt and I all piled into Sara's car whilst Billy rode with Peter. I strapped myself in and leant my head on Matt's shoulder, closing my eyes. \"You're that tired?\" Matt chuckled and I nodded. \"Yes and as the person who woke me up, you have to be my pillow.\" I laughed and the car settled into silence, Wendy turned the radio up and I smiled as I recognised my favourite song, since I got the CD for my birthday from Wendy I had played it non-stop to the point where Matt threatened to throw my CD player out the window. He groaned as he recognised it too. \"God not this again, I'm practically singing it in my sleep thanks to you!\" he shrugged his shoulder and I sat up to grin at him. \"You know you love it.\" I teased. \"No, I love you, that I know. The song? Not so much\" he grinned and I kissed him. \"Love you too.\" I said and settled down again as the chorus came in. Here we are - we've just begun And after all this time - our time has come Yeah here we are - still goin' strong Right here in the place where we belong It's a new world - it's a new start It's alive with the beating of young hearts It's a new day - it's a new plan I've been waiting for you Here I am Well, there you have it! *wipes away tear* I really enjoyed writing this story and I wanna say thanks to anyone who read it. I decided to end it on a song because I thought it would be cute, and Here I Am by Bryan Adams seemed perfect. I realise the song wasn't out until 2002 and the end of the fic is based in 1988 but it really was too good a song to pass up and I couldn't find any song from around that time that really fitted so I decided to use this one. If you haven't heard it, I highly recommend it! Anyway thanks to anyone who has read this, thanks to all my friends for their help and support, without which I would have never had the guts to finish, love you guys! CastleRockGirl ","Summary":" Author's note: Hey everyone! This is my first ever fanfiction and I am so nervous! I have always lo"},{"Movie":"Sucker Punch","Title":"Rocket's Reality","Author":"Vicious Cerberus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12615465","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rocket's Reality Chapter 1: Preparations It was strange to see Rocket in her field medic uniform outside of Baby Doll's imagination something different had happened this time when she danced, she brought her lover's weapons, uniform, and skills she had created in her mind into reality. Luckily she was just doing it for practice and it was a one woman show, between her and her girl. \"What happened?\" Rocket asked the stunned blonde who was still in her sleeping attire. \"A knife, a pistol, new threads, a damned machine gun? Baby Doll I feel completely different, strong, powerful, I think if we try together we can get out of this place now.\" The redhead continued as her lover closed the bedroom door between her and the rest of their compatriots rooms. \"I don't know what happened it's just that when I dance this is what I pretend you look like and the weapons you use as we fought our way past many obstacles. I know imagining you as a strong tough warrior sounds kinda corny but now that I see it in reality it suits you perfectly well.\" Baby Doll smiled as she trailed a finger down the middle of Rocket's chest between her new clothing making the redhead shudder at her touch. \"Do you really think that we can escape? I don't want to leave the others behind Rocket, so I think the best plan is to find Blue and get the master key first. What do you think?\" \"If we can get the key everything else will be easy looks like there's no need for the rest of the stuff except the map, it seems I should be able to handle anything they spring on us.\" Rocket replied as she chambered a round in her UMP .45. The noise was metallic and made Baby Doll shiver, the last time she had really been around a gun was when she had killed her sister. The thought brought a tear to her eye that the redhead wiped away with her gloved hand. \"What's wrong?\" she inquired. \"I thought about my first experience with a gun and how badly it ended, that's all maybe I'll tell you about it one day.\" The blonde smirked. \"I think we should wake the others and show them what happened to you hun.\" \"Affirmative,\" Rocket saluted and smiled as they opened up the door and went into the other room where Sweetpea, Amber, and Blondie lay sleeping. Rocket let her rifle hang at her back by the strap and nudged Sweetpea. \"Whaa…what's happening?\" Sweetpea stretched and set up as she rubbed sleep from her eyes. \"What in the hell happened to you?!\" Sweetpea looked her sister up and down while her loud comment woke the others. \"C'mon five more minutes,\" Amber complained. \"Jeezus somebody needs to shut the hell up,\" Blondie said. \"Okay everybody wake up and check this out!\" Baby Doll ordered to all of their surprise they double took, wiped their eyes, and sat slack jawed. \"Where did you get the gear?\" Sweetpea inquired. \"I have no idea, Baby Doll was giving me a private show…\" \"I'll bet, perverts,\" came Amber's interruption. \"…what I mean is she was dancing and when she stopped I was like this. She said it's what she pretended I dressed as and wielded as weapons in her imagination.\" Rocket continued. \"Waaay too vague,\" Blondie commented. \"I know I bet now you're thinking we can escape cause you got, what seems to be a goddamned armory on you. Well isn't it?\" Sweetpea murmured. \"Yes and don't say we don't have a chance anymore Sweetpea,\" the younger sister smiled all her whites showing, the older sister looked at her and smiled as well. \"Well we're still going to need the key, I doubt bullets are going to open the doors for us to get out of here,\" Sweetpea fingered her chin. \"Any ideas?\" \"I'm glad we are on the same page…\" Baby Doll started. \"No way, you people are crazy and what makes you think you even know how to use what you've got?\" Blondie worried. \"You don't have to come you know?\" Amber harshly stated \"but I am.\" \"Well that's good to know. Now how to get Blue's key?\" Baby Doll still acting as leader questioned the group. \"It has to be you, you're his favorite if you invite him for a dance in private I can get to him,\" Rocket explained as everyone else, except for Blondie nodded. \"Screw this I'm going back to sleep I'm not helping anyone if I have to take a risk myself!\" Blondie complained as she rolled over and pulled her covers over her head. \"Well well looks like we've got a coward, and even with the best chance we have staring us straight in the face you're being like that. You don't deserve freedom then Blondie.\" Sweetpea exclaimed to the scared girl. \"Forget about her, don't get in our way then Blondie,\" Baby Doll warned. \"Tomorrow morning as soon as daylight hits I'll get dressed up in my sailor uniform and Sweetpea you go get Blue.\" \"Alright,\" the oldest one of them responded as she hugged her sister and Baby Doll before they went back to their room. Baby Doll and Rocket sat on the edge of the redhead's bed holding hands with the fiery haired girl's head on Baby Doll's shoulder waiting for the sun to come up. \"Tomorrow's going to be a helluva day baby,\" Rocket's excitement getting to her. It made her blonde girlfriend lean up and kiss her on the lips softly. \"Oh yes it will.\" VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV What do you all think, much action to come I just thought of it randomly, a what if Rocket was actually what Baby Doll had imagined. Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 2] Rocket's Reality Chapter 2: Blue Jones and the Key Babydoll stood and stretched startling awake the half asleep Rocket as she walked to her closet to find her sequined and shiny sailor skirt and matching top. Rocket smirked as her blonde partner stripped down to her white bra and panties. \"Hmm let me get a good look at you before you cover that bod,\" the redhead smiled cheerily at the blush she received from Babydoll. \"Oh hush you've seen it a million times!\" \"Doesn't stop me from wanting it,\" Rocket rubbed the back of her head as she blushed a little herself. Ms. Pigtails slowly strode over to Rocket and sat on her right thigh before she rested her forehead against the field medics. \"Maybe this'll get you ready…\" she whispered as she started to grind back and forth on her leg, she sat where her pelvis was rubbing against the redhead's thigh. She began to moan as she laced her hands behind Rocket's head and quickened the pace until the field medic started to get a heated sensation between her own thighs. Babydoll continued this procedure until her body quaked in orgasm, her chest turned red from the heat with her face as well blushing crimson. \"I know doesn't seem fair, babe, but once we get outta here it'll all be about you,\" Babydoll teased, he once white panties now see-through. \"I wouldn't worry about me, just having you do that got me going, hun,\" Rocket smirked once again as she gave Babydoll a firm smack on her behind causing her to giggle in response. \"Ugh I hate this damned outfit.\" \"Just remember you won't have to wear it much longer,\" the redhead reassured as she removed her bayonet from her boot and ran her pointer finger along the edges. \"You goin' to get Sweet Pea and tell her to fetch Blue?\" Rocket sighed and replaced her dagger into her knee high boot as she stood and walked through the door connecting the other three girl's room. She sat on the side of Sweet Pea's bed and shook her by her uncovered arm waking her. \"Yeeaaah I'm awake, oh Rocket, I forgot. Is Babydoll getting ready?\" The elder girl groaned to her sister. \"Yeah Sweet Pea are you ready?\" \"Uh huh I just woke up but looking at you I think we'll be fine,\" she answered as she went to her shared closet with Amber and Blondie to pick out some comfortable clothes, she decided on a dull red sundress as to not distract from Babydoll's dancing, hah like she could anyway. When she was done changing she nudged Amber awake. \"Oh my we're really going through with it aren't we? Well I'm not going back on what I said so what should I do?\" she inquired. \"Well, since it's going to be a private showing Blue should be almost alone, except for C.J. and maybe one other of his lackeys, so just keep them busy until Babydoll comes back into this room, okay?\" Rocket explained to Amber and Sweet Pea. \"What if they hear something? We can't stop them their stronger than us you know and may have weapons, Rocket…\" Amber worried softly. \"If Blondie wasn't such a coward and would help that'd be nice.\" \"I am not a coward I'm not risking my life for a tiny hope that we can get outta here don't you all understand!\" Blondie flung her cover over her head and curled up into a ball. \"Riiiggghtt sounds like a coward to me,\" Sweet Pea smiled a little at Amber who had went to the clothes closet and got out a tight leather dress that really overemphasized her breasts. Rocket's gaze left Sweet Pea and trailed up Amber's leg to her lower half which was absent of any clothing except a thong, then up her back to her black hair. \"Daaaammnn Amber got it goin' on,\" she let out a low whistle at her. \"Oh c'mon keep your hormones in check sister,\" Sweet Pea snapped her fingers in Rocket's face to get her attention, to which she shook her head and sighed. \"Okay if Blondie isn't going to help when they get here just tell them she's worn out from a client last night, I'm going to be hiding in Babydoll's closet, once Blue's all settled in I'll jump him, he shouldn't be much of a problem. If they want to know what's goin' on in her room shout out my name and let them come in, I'll take care of it,\" the redhead planned as everyone else nodded. \"In case of any unforeseen problems, take this,\" she continued as she pulled the bayonet from her knee high and handed it to Sweet Pea, who stuck it between her breasts until it was hidden out of sight. \"Hopefully it won't come to that but it might I'll be ready,\" Rocket's sister reassured her as she stood and left the room through a door that led to the main hallway, past the cook's room, down another corridor, out into the showroom. Rocket checked her magazine that went into her machine gun then she replaced it into the weapon. Amber went to her makeup counter and put on some perfume to enthrall the possible guards Blue could have with him. \"Everything'll be alright Blondie try not to move or get in the way of us, I don't want you to get hurt.\" Rocket tried to give her some relief. \"Be…be careful Rocket,\" Blondie whispered her back to the field medic. Rocket returned to Babydoll's room to see her girl in her sailor outfit, and dark blue makeup with glitter around her eyes, it really did get Rocket's attention, how good she looked. \"Oh what?\" Babydoll said her lashes darkened heavily from some sort of war paint. \"Eh hem…Uhhh. Sweet Pea is on her way to Blue's office, Blondie's laying in bed feinting tiredness, and Amber is dressed up to keep the guards at bay along with Sweet Pea. Everything's set I'll hide out in your closet until Blue's entranced then I'll spring on him…You know I'm actually goin' to miss you looking like this I think heh.\" \"Oh c'mon Rocket pull it together we got a mission at hand here.\" Babydoll commanded with a slight kiss before she shoved Rocket into the closet. Rocket peeked out between the double doors of the dark room she was in and watched as Babydoll strolled to her music box trying to find a song that would work. \"…well I think with our new Babydoll we should make quite a bit of profit before the high roller comes and sees her that is.\" Everyone tensed up as Blue walked through the door of Amber, Blondie, and Sweet Pea's living quarters. \"Oh yes I remember Sweet Pea told me you, Blondie, were feeling a little, how should I say 'worn out' hah.\" He motioned to her on her bed before recognizing Amber \"well well well aren't you fancied up Amber hmm all for me?\" Blue gave her a peck on the cheek as his two guards followed him into the room, it was C.J. and another heavily built man in basic Lennox House clothing, white on white and on his belt he carried a close range tazer. C.J. on the other hand wore a nice suit and carried Blue's .45 pistol under his left arm in a holster, but Blue was completely unarmed as he looked two girl's over. \"So where is Rocket? If I may ask?\" He questioned the two standing side by side. The two girls exchanged glances but Sweet Pea quickly took over. \"Well I think Babydoll wanted her to go see what the Chef was doing or something like that, I think that your Babydoll wanted you alone for some reason,\" she lied to him. \"I see I see so Rocket's inseparable girlfriend just so happens to want me all alone. Hmmm well either this could be my lucky day or you're up to something,\" Blue strolled in a circle around the two. \"Annnd Blondie's too worn out to even say hi, so strange so very strange,\" \"Well we thought you'd want her alone before the high roller came to do his business. Can we not try and get in your good graces?\" Amber calmly stated. Blue raised an eyebrow. \"Ah my generousity rewarded…C.J. Gene stay here I'm going to check on my little Babydoll.\" Blue slowly walked through the doorway leading to Babydoll and her lover's room and shut it behind him. In front of him her back facing him was his beloved Babydoll, all alone, barely swaying from the music she had turned on. \"Oh Blue, sit, and watch.\" Blue took a seat on the edge of the bed a few feet away from Babydoll as Rocket eyed him from her cover, not his face, or his suit, but what hung from his neck is what her eyes gazed toward the key, the key they needed to get out of this hellhole. The key to their existence. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Well it's about to get to some action but just felt like drawing it out a little bit ya know wasn't sure as to how I was going to get Blue to fall for their little game but I still think it was kinda gullible of him. Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 3] Rocket's Reality Chapter 3: Amber's Secret Babydoll turned the volume up a little higher on the old style radio and began to sway before raising her hands above her head and slowly running them down the sides of her body, while she turned to face Blue with her eyes barely open. Without him realizing it he started to tap his right foot in tune with her quickening sway along with her dreamlike stance. Once all of his focus was concentrated on her his eyes slowly glazed over until he was in a trance without noticing. Unfortunately Rocket had also been consumed by Babydoll's majestic movements, though not nearly as completely as the all powerful Mr. Jones. Babydoll's eyes quickly went to the closet door then back to Blue as she continued her sway. The slight movement snapped Rocket out of her minor state of mind, she rubbed the bridge of her nose before she brought her left hand up to the right side closet door and pushed slightly. It was a cluster fuck, as soon as she opened the door and stepped out with her gun pointed at Blue the music stopped. Babydoll put her hand over her mouth in an 'oh no' movement when Rocket pulled the trigger of her machine gun, the bullet entered Blue's right shoulder causing him to spin in a half circle and fall to the floor. \"Boss!\" C.J. shouted when he heard the deafening explosion of a gunshot in the room over. Sweet Pea stood behind him and Gene as they rushed to the door separating the girl's rooms. She grasped her sister's bayonet in her hand and plunged it into Gene's spine, C.J. turned back to see what the yelling was about to witness blood pouring down his partner's back in massive amounts as Sweet Pea pulled the blade back out and continued to stab Gene as he flailed about on the floor face down. Crimson fluid speckled her face and upper torso, Amber slid forward on the mess until she grabbed Sweet Pea's arm and drug her off of the now writhing in death coils Gene. \"You fucking cunt!\" C.J. called out as he removed his .45 pistol from his under his coat, aiming it at Sweet Pea and Amber. As he pulled the trigger the door behind him flung open and knocked him forward causing his aim to be off and he missed both of the girls. He almost fell but caught himself. \"Blue, we need to get the hell outta here,\" C.J. spouted as he righted himself and shoved Rocket on to the ground where she landed on her tail bone, but still held onto her machine gun. C.J. ran past her, picked up Blue, slung him over his shoulder and exited the room into the hallway, without slipping in the now huge pool of blood from Gene. All Babydoll could do was help Rocket back to her feet with a large smile. \"Well now what?\" Sweet Pea asked Babydoll. An ear shattering scream was heard in Sweet Pea, Amber, and oh Blondie's room. \"Oh my God what in the hell happened Sweet Pea? No never mind Jesus Christ is this what you call a plan…\" Blondie had uncovered her head and witnessed Gene's body lifeless on the floor as she lost it. \"You're all going to burn in Hell for this all of you.\" She complained. \"Whatever, Blondie, you could have at least helped and MAYBE just MAYBE they wouldn't have escaped. But oh no you wouldn't want to get your precious hands dirty now would ya?\" Amber mouthed. \"Damnit okay okay now what?\" Sweet Pea stood above the corpse and looked to her sister. \"Good job Sweet Pea.\" Her sister patted her on the shoulder to which she tried to hand her back her bayonet. \"Better keep it we ain't outta the woods yet,\" she spoke with a mild laugh. Amber hugged Sweet Pea then released her as she used her thumb to try and wipe some of the blood from her face with a smile. \"First time's the toughest Sweet Pea, Rocket, I never said this, but besides Babydoll's accidental murder that's why I'm here…\" Amber quietly stated. Everyone looked to her, even the useless Blondie. \"I killed my brother for trying to um do things to me…\" Amber started \"it wasn't just once since I was fifteen he would do things not only sexual but painful. He even tried to make it seem as if I committed suicide but he left the razor blade in the bathroom while I was naked bleeding out in the tub,\" she pulled down her leather bracers to show two long scars traveling along her wrists up toward her elbows. \"Unfortunately for him I wasn't ready to die, so I took that razor blade, stumbled downstairs, and caught him drunk. I slit his throat from ear to ear…heh.\" Amber blushed and turned her face to the ground shying away from the rest of them. \"Why did you hide it for so long? Even from me YOUR girl?\" Sweet Pea inquired cautiously as she went to a sink and washed the blood from her angelic face. Babydoll stood one hand on her hip with Rocket's left arm slung over her shoulder, before all of them took a break from standing and sat down on Sweet Pea's bed. \"I could use a cigarette,\" Sweet Pea slyly spoke. Babydoll, Rocket, and Amber started to laugh. \"And I thought sex was somethin, hah.\" Sweet Pea's body still shook with adrenaline as she sat next to Amber, knife in hand. \"Don't do what I did and get addicted sweetie,\" Amber stroked Sweet Pea's cheek. \"What exactly does that mean, Amber?\" Babydoll had finally spoke up as she rested her head on Rocket's shoulder. \"You're all screwed up in the head and belong in here!\" Blondie shouted as tears ran down her face and she wept silently. The four turned towards her and smiled. \"You may THINK we belong here but in all reality we were put in to very uncommon circumstances and got fucked over, that's the way I see it,\" Rocket tried to explain but this only brought on a fresh whining from Blondie. \"Don't bother with her she has proven to be useless to our cause.\" Amber said. \"Well what exactly did we gain by that mess?\" Blondie wondered still crying. \"This.\" Babydoll simply stated as she held up the key and chain that used to hand around Blue's neck, now a light red from the small spray of blood that had came from the bullet wound to Mr. Jones. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Well there's that whole mess let me know what ya think please. Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 4] Rocket's Reality Chapter 4: The Kitchen and The Pig Amber and Sweetpea sat in silence one resting her head in the other's lap as they sprawled across the bed. Babydoll was over at the sink washing the little blood off of her hands that she had come to carry from taking the Master Key from Mr. Jones. Though she could do it herself Rocket couldn't help but fondle the blonde girl's soapy hands with a smirk. \"You know I can do it myself,\" Babydoll toyed. \"I'm well aware of that, punk, but I'm really hyped up right now and need to keep my hands busy…in other ways. We don't have time for that though ya know?\" Rocket quickly handed Babydoll a dry hand towel to which she wiped her hands off on. \"What're we goin' to do with Blondie?\" Babydoll whispered quietly to Rocket so as none of the others could hear it. \"You know she'll get the blame if she stays here and we escape.\" \"I dunno yet maybe we could tell her to stay in the closet orr…what about Madame Gorski?\" Rocket fingered her chin in thought. \"I really doubt that Vera will be happy to see us on the run either, but her and Blondie got this weird…thing…going on you know?\" The redhead whispered to her cohort who returned a smile. \"Maybe. We'll see if we even make it that far babe,\" Babydoll said quietly. \"Awe, have you lost faith in me, or us I should say?\" Rocket inquired as she motioned to herself then the rest of the group. Babydoll shook her head as a no and blushed. \"Have some faith.\" Rocket cupped her chin and kissed her before the two turned back to face the others. \"What exactly were you whispering about over there girly?\" Amber asked as she set up from across Sweetpea's legs. \"Oh nothing. I think the next order of business is to get to Vera's office, what do you guys think?\" Babydoll questioned the gang. \"Oh really? Why Vera?\" Sweetpea wondered. \"I figure she may actually help us to get out of here. Worst case scenario she doesn't help and tries to stop us. Even though all she could do is try and talk us outta it and it doesn't seem like any of us want that to happen…Well excluding Blondie,\" Babydoll informed. \"…what? Vera?\" Blondie still stayed hidden under her blanket but spoke a few words. Babydoll went over to Blondie's bed and started to softly stroke the linen that she was hidden under. \"Yes, Blondie, Vera. Wouldn't you like that?\" Babydoll coaxed in a soothing tone. Blondie poked her head from under her dull green cover, her eyes were red and tears stained her cheeks but she put on a small smile. \"I'd really like that, you're not going to hurt her are you?\" her smile turned into a scowl of worry. \"No, no sweetie. I thought maybe she might talk some sense into you about not staying here is all.\" Babydoll didn't lie, well not all the way. Suddenly Blondie embraced her tightly. \"Okay I'll go, but I don't want to hurt anybody…\" she worriedly stated as she let go of Babydoll and went to her shared closet to put on clothes. Babydoll smiled to Rocket who in turn gave her a thumbs up behind the Native American's back prior to returning to her lover's lap on Blondie's bed. Amber lay across Sweetpea's lap now humming as she run her fingers across her girl's forearm. \"Sweetpea, what do ya want to do when ya get outta here?\" Amber inquired to the taller blonder girl. Who put her pointer finger to her lips and whispered a shhh. \"Okay as soon as Blondie's done dressing we head out of this room into the hallway. It'll lead us past the kitchen, hopefully The Pig is aware of the situation and will be gone, if not we'll probably have another fight on our hands. Shouldn't be much of a big deal though, considering there's five of us and one, maybe two of them.\" Babydoll continued. \"After we get past the kitchen there's a steel grate door, which is where The Key will come in handy, then the Theatre. If everyone is on lock down, then there'll only be security, which means taser's, batons, and needles full of all kinds of unsavory things…if nothing is on lockdown we may be in for an even bigger brawl because we'll be fighting against other inmates PLUS the security.\" Blondie turned around, now dressed in some comfortable, though attractive clothing. Purple and deep blue is what color her strapless top was and her skirt the same, along with bright blue socks and deep purple heels. \"That's where Vera's at too. At least her office is, but if everyone's on lockdown she'll probably be holed up in there. Well that's my guess anyways.\" She said with a small smile. \"Time's a wastin' you girls ready to move out?\" Rocket said in a mock militant voice with a small snicker. \"Yes ma'am,\" Babydoll stood with a salute. \"Alright,\" Sweetpea and Amber finally climbed off one another and stood beside Babydoll in front of the now standing Rocket. \"Sure.\" Blondie said as she took a place behind Amber and Sweetpea. They all nodded to Rocket who faced the door to the hallway, they all stood behind her in a single file line awaiting the opening. She slowly shoved on the wooden door, it squeaked loudly, certainly alarming anyone who was in the hallway. \"Looks clear.\" Rocket whispered as she held her gun up and checked her left then right flanks before slowly heading out into the hallway. There were no doors to their left but up ahead, once they had headed right there would be a door on their left. The doorway to The Kitchen and perhaps The Pig. The four followed backs pressed up against the wall as they continued forward silently, they heard no alarms or talking of any kind as they finally reached the steel door to The Kitchen. Rocket used her left hand to push open the large steel door. Unfortunately as soon as she did a piercing pain went through her hand and she jerked it back. There was a gash that ran along her knuckles from someone who had attacked her as soon as she began to open the door. \"Oh my gosh!\" Babydoll whispered to Rocket as she ripped part of her sailor uniform's skirt off to wrap Rocket's hand in. \"Don't worry it's not bad. But now we know there's a Pig on the loose,\" Rocket said as she rose from her crouched stance and pointed her gun forward once more after which she used her right foot and kicked the door in. There was smoke everywhere from the Pig's food burning, or maybe he had done it on purpose. Without their vision they could hardly see in front of them. \"Heh heh.\" The Pig let out a small laugh. A sudden blur of steel sliced past Babydoll and she fell down avoiding the blow. As soon as it was seen the Pig was gone once again. \"Stop hiding like a coward and come meet your maker, Pig!\" Rocket shouted into the smog. Amber and Sweetpea helped Babydoll back to her feet, only for Amber to catch a cut along her left bicep from the hiding chef. She let out a hiss of pain \"goddamnit this is ridiculous!\" Amber complained as she held her arm while a small amount of blood ran down to her elbow. \"Everyone back to back! Amber, Sweetpea, Blondie you three stand in a triangle with your backs to one another. Babydoll back to mine,\" Rocket ordered to which they listened. Sweetpea had her bayonet in hand again prepared for the chef to attack as they moved further into the sweltering kitchen. \"That's not going to save ya bitches, you're on my turf now!\" The Pig said as he attempted a swift slash at Sweetpea, who returned with her own slash cutting the chef's right hand and causing him to drop his cleaver at her feet. Which she promptly retrieved careful not to leave her triangle. Though once again the chef had disappeared into the smoke, now they were armed even more for their mission of escape. \"Pig, you're done for.\" Sweetpea mocked as she handed Amber the meat cleaver. This time The Pig tried a head on assault against Rocket. As soon as his head was level with her's and she saw the shock in his eyes, she knew he was done for. \"Where'd the gun come from?\" Was The Pig's last words before a bullet left the barrel of the machine gun and entered his forehead, splattering brain matter along with skull fragments into the smoggy abyss. The only sound to be heard was the slumping of a large body and the clanging of The Pig's blade. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV What'd you think opinions welcome. Signed, Vicious Cerberus.[Chapter 5] Rocket's Reality Chapter 5: Theatre \"Hmph, pig,\" Rocket mumbled when she lowered her gun and placed it at her side. The smoke was starting to clear out of the room, apparently the food had all burned up. The redhead went to work on the dead chef removing his knife holster, while she picked up the butcher knife he had laying next to his left hand. \"Guess you'll never touch a girl again, huh?\" Rocket mused slightly kicking the corpse. \"I'll take the knife sheaths Rocket,\" Amber said with a little excitement in her voice from the small scuffle. Rocket stood and they all broke formation, it didn't seem it was necessary considering there was no one left in the kitchen. She handed Amber the belt and butcher knife, which she wrapped around her waist and let hang loosely against her leather corset-type bodice, Amber replaced the meat cleaver in it's holster and held the butcher knife in her right hand. \"Well, at least The Pig is gone, huh Rocket?\" Amber mused. \"Yes, Amber. Babydoll you're still without a weapon maybe we should look around in here for something for you to use?\" Rocket inquired to her girl. \"I suppose you're right I just haven't hurt anyone since The Priest,\" Babydoll informed. The party split up in different directions to search The Kitchen for anything that Babydoll, with her smaller frame could use. Sweetpea went off behind a cloister of shelves with Amber while Rocket, Babydoll, and Blondie dug through the drawers next to the oven. The five weren't too worried about noise considering a steel door separated them from the next hallway. \"Bingo!\" Blondie said out loud for everyone to hear. Sweetpea and Amber came from behind the shelves eating chocolate bars. \"What the hell? Where's mine?\" Rocket pouted to her older sister and her older sister's girlfriend. \"Oh like I'd forget,\" Sweetpea tossed her a square of chocolate and got a smile in return as the younger sister unwrapped the semi-sweet and ate it quickly. \"So what'd you find Blondie?\" Was Amber's question, who received a distrustful look, probably from informing them somewhat of her past, from the other girl. \"This,\" she responded holding up what looked like a steel hammer, but the head was square and had small protrusions, like spikes, sticking off of it. Blondie handed it to Babydoll who took a few practice swings with the meat tenderizer, it wasn't too heavy and it carried good momentum. Perfect for a smaller person like her. \"I think things may get a little…messy,\" Rocket murmured with a slight laugh. \"Good job, Blondie,\" Rocket teased her hair as she congratulated the innocent girl. They all stood around enjoying silence as Babydoll and Rocket thought about their plans. \"Well the next place could possibly be the worst. We'll be out in the open on the Theatre stage until we make our way down the left stairwell across the open seating area to Vera's office,\" Babydoll explained as they intently listened. \"This next door leads to the stage of the Theatre so everyone be on guard.\" \"If anybody tries to stop us, I'm not taking hostages, Blondie,\" Rocket warned. Blondie gulped \"I won't try to stop you guys I want to see Vera. I promise.\" \"Well let's move out.\" Rocket stated as they left the kitchen back into the hallway and turned left. Once they reached the steel door with only a small reinforced glass window in it Babydoll used Blue's Key to unlock it quietly and slowly they entered into the Theatre, but behind the curtains on the right side. Rocket slid the red velvet back a little ways to see what was happening, they all instantly heard voices. \"…those goddamned crazies…\" \"Arrrgh, fuck…\" \"…get that one!\" The five knew then there were inmates running loose with the orderlies trying to contain them all. Rocket turned back to the other four. \"Great, we're in the middle of a huge riot,\" she whispered. Everyone held tight onto their weapons, except Blondie who wasn't armed. \"…Git that bitch!\" Rocket heard one of the orderlies say before a bigger girl, that Amber had had problems with before, came crashing through the curtain straight into Rocket, who fell down on her ass becoming an entanglement of limbs with the crazy. \"Shiiit!\" Rocket was being clawed at by the manic girl, but soon the entanglement became worse as the orderly who was chasing her crashed into the two, holding a syringe filled with a type of sleeping drug. The orderly's needle went into Babydoll's thigh as he fell into the mess of people. \"Oww!\" Babydoll complained but struck the man in the head with her mallet repeatedly until all that was left was a pile of mush. She started to feel dizzy and leaned on a wall next to her, ripping the needle out of her leg. \"That's it!\" Amber said as she removed her cleaver and used both of her hands to bring it down on the crazy woman's neck, separating her head from her body with a geyser of blood that splattered all over Rocket's face, considering she was now laying under the body of the mental patient, who's head rolled off the stage down into the voyeurs area. \"Gross!\" Rocket complained as she shoved the still twitching corpse off of her and stood. In the slight commotion she hadn't noticed Babydoll get stuck with the syringe and quickly slid over to her. \"What's wrong?\" the redhead asked her girl, who could only point to the needle that lay on the ground in front of her before she slowly started to fall. \"Sweetpea, Blondie, help her out. We've still got to make it to the other side and we're not off to such a great start.\" Sweetpea and Blondie slung Babydoll's arms over their shoulders, one on each side, Blondie taking her tenderizer in her left hand. Then the five began the trek again, slow, but they were moving on the stage while all hell broke loose in the viewing area. Orderlies and crazy women fought each other with deadly intent, cursing and screaming was getting outrageous. There were passed out patients and wounded orderlies all over the place. \"Stop right frigging there!\" A skinny man in white ordered the five of them, holding a tazer in one hand and a syringe in the other. \"Uh no,\" Rocket said as she let loose a bullet in his direction, he dove behind a table to avoid injury. She didn't stop though she shot the table to pieces until she finally killed the man, with a smile on her face. They trudged ever so slowly across the wooden planks of the stage until finally making it to the opposite side from whence they started. The five descended the steps, careful as to not drop Babydoll, and slithered along the wall until happening upon Vera's door to her office. \"Heeeyy Vera open up!\" Blondie Rocket banged on the wooden frame with the butt of her rifle. \"No vay, I don't vant any problems,\" Vera said from inside in her thick Polish accent. Blondie and Amber switched places holding up Babydoll so that she could try and talk Gorski into opening her door. \"…Vera it's Blondie can we please talk I missed you,\" the girl spoke with a hushed tone as she ran her fingers along the door frame. Another assailant tried to attack the Amber while she was holding up Babydoll, but Rocket quickly put him down via her gun. \"Oh, Blondie, vhat are you doing out there?! Hold on,\" there was the clinking of a bolt and the turn of a lock until the door flung open and Blondie rushed the older Polish woman, in a hug. The other four followed her in and set Babydoll down on the therapist couch where she dozed off. Amber shut and relocked the therapy room door, and went to watching the mob scene by peeking through the blinds. Sweetpea sat at the feet of the downed Babydoll and Rocket sit where she could place her lover's head in her lap, while she caressed her face. \"Guns?\" Vera asked Rocket as Blondie still held onto her. \"I can't explain it, Babydoll danced for me like normal but when she stopped I looked like this, and had the equipment.\" Rocket worriedly informed the doctor. \"Odd, so very odd. Unexplainavle. So vhat exactly do you plan on doing?\" Gorski wondered as she slowly pushed Blondie off of her and went to sit at her chair. Blondie took a seat on the edge of her desk. \"Well, WE are getting the hell outta this place,\" Rocket stressed the we as she thumbed to her and Sweetpea. \"Unfortunately one of those bastards got a needle into Babydoll and now we are having to lug her around.\" She said as she played with the unconscious girl's pigtails. \"I vay have a solution to the unconscious girl. I really vate to say it vut I don't think any of you deserve to be here either. Not vith vhat Blue does to you,\" Vera stated. Blondie had began humming, apparently in a better mood just by being around the dance instructor. \"I von't know how much help I'll ve but I'll go with you. I heard already you and Vlue's little altercation and how he's missing his Key. Vhich means getting around shouldn't be too hard.\" Gorski smiled \"this is the most excitement I've had in along time.\" VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV I'm not sure how to exactly get her accent down in writing I hope I did an alright job. Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 6] Rocket's Reality Chapter 6: Wake Up Call \"Welcome to the gang, but what do we do about sleeping beauty?\" Amber pointed out to the group as Babydoll still lay asleep. Vera bit her lip and tapped a finger on her desk next to where Blondie sat, more cheery-looking than ever. \"I've got it!\" Vera snapped her fingers in front of her face. \"There's a container of epinephvrein in Blue's office, and vhat's way closer than the main entranvce.\" Gorski informed. \"What's epinephrine?\" Blondie questioned. \"Well it's like adrenaline, sometimes people use it to snap other people out of drug induced comas. Which means it should wake Babydoll up in time for us to use the commotion going on to still escape this hellhole.\" Rocket said as she mused how she knew about the drug in the first place. \"I could use the guards as cover and sneak into his office, while the rest of you vait here.\" Gorski stated but got shocked looks from everyone and a tight hug from Blondie. \"Oh no you're not, Vera!\" Blondie ecstatically cried into the older woman's waistcoat. All of the other girls exchanged glances before Sweetpea spoke. \"Look to be honest it's not a good idea for you to be out there, on your own, weaponless, and unprotected. This place is a freaking zoo right now with all the captured animals running loose, and yeah that does include us,\" Sweetpea said which got a snicker from Amber and Rocket. \"I think Rocket, could go with you, Doc, and possibly Amber or Blondie. I'll leave the choice up to you.\" \"What vhy can't I just go with Rocket? She's got the vuns and know-vow am I right?\" The doctor explained, possibly thinking that Blondie's emotions would get in the way. \"I can't let Vera go by herself even with a pro, I'm going too,\" Blondie stated the obvious. \"Vera's taken good care of me ever since I got here and I think it's my turn to watch her back, at least as much as I can.\" Sweetpea turned to Vera along with Rocket and Amber. \"Vine we shall three go.\" Rocket nodded to the doctor and sat Babydoll's head down on the arm of the couch so she would rest comfortably before she stood and stretched her limbs loosening up her muscles. Amber walked over to Blondie and squeezed her shoulder. \"You're doin' alright girly.\" She said meaning that the girl was holding together under the stress of the situation just fine. \"You like that tenderizer or you want one of my knives?\" She asked the Native American woman. \"Well I have used a knife for cooking but never a tenderizer…so can I have the Pig's knife?\" Blondie asked innocently enough, Amber twirled the knife til the handle was facing the girl and she took it with a nod. \"What about Vera, though?\" The question got a smile out of the Polish psychiatrist who went behind her desk and got her cane, the one that had started Babydoll's rhythm in this place, the once she had used for so long to keep in tune to the different music's that she played. \"This is my veapon.\" Gorski stated as she pulled on the handle of the cane to reveal a meter long blade. \"Vencing in Poland, hah, I never thought I'd need it though,\" she gave he short, rapier-like blade a couple of practice swings and put it back in it's case. \"Dr. Gorski I'll be your protector you shouldn't have to worry about defending yourself with me, and Rocket around you.\" Blondie said with great enthusiasm, she had finally found a reason to fight, though not for freedom of herself but for the safety of another. \"Tsk. Tsk. Blondie, we vill all be alright let's how do Americans put it 'get the show on the road.' Hah.\" Rocket checked her rifle, Blondie readied her butcher knife, and Gorski held her cane as if she would be using it for walking. Rocket peeked between the blinds of the window, that sat inside the wooden door and exhaled. The theatre had grown eerily quiet as the three slowly exited Vera's office, Rocket leading, then Vera, followed by Blondie. In a single file they walked across the voyeur room of the thatre, moaning patients and injured orderlies still lay in heaps strewn about the room, but it seemed the ongoing war had moved further towards the entrance of the Lennox Asylum where the patients and the enemies of all were. Though it was impossible for the Asylumees to get to the heads of the building of the higher ups because of the girls having Blue's Key. Not to say there weren't other keys like his but it made sure that none of the other literal 'problematic' patients had an escape route. \"It's quiet in here.\" Blondie stated in a whisper, as a hand grabbed her ankle. \"Hh…help.\" An orderly moaned in pain, it looked as if a patient had take large chunks out of him with their teeth, and next to the man's own legs was a beaten to death patient. Blondie kicked the weak grip off of her and shuffled behind Vera in the quietness they walked, treading over corpses and injured people alike until they made it back across the theatre to the side they had started on. Rocket signaled for the two behind her to crouch down, then she rounded a turn to a hallway that had only one wooden doorway at the end of it. Two very bloodied and bruised mental patients were clawing at the wood to try and break through the door, unsuccessfully but still with desperate determination. The two weren't even expecting the attack when Rocket broke one's neck and shot the other between the eyes, releasing her breath she had held in since they first started down the hallway. At the doorway Rocket took off the Key, that she now wore around her neck and unlocked the entryway to Blue's office. Rocket's gun barrel was suddenly jerked to the left and she almost fell but she caught herself by her sling that started to cut her oxygen off to her brain from the chokehold her own weapon had on her from someone grabbing it. As quickly as she could Vera used her cane as a baseball bat and struck the possible attacker across the temple, well tried, but with Rocket being now held prisoner by the stranglehold he attack sailed over Rocket's head, the person holding Rocket prisoner's head and hit one of the pictures strung upon the walls. It caused glass to shatter and spray across Rocket's face in small shards. \"Goddamnit everybody STOP MOVING!\" The voice holding Rocket prisoner spoke. \"Look you already freaking hurt Rocket, dumbasses.\" The voice which was now determined to be male and not looking for a fight went on \"It's me C.J. Ya know supposedly Blue's best buddy, well I don't have a gun anymore and I was out there holding off the crazies til it came down to us being outnumbered and outdone. SO here I am hiding away until this shit's over with. A quick question…\" C.J. slowed his rambling and released Rocket, who quickly turned and tried to aim her rifle at the dark skinned man but it was very difficult because of the glass shards now in her eyelids and cheeks. \"Why the HELL ARE YOU NOT ESCAPING?\" \"Shut up, shut up, shut up!\" Blondie demanded as she shoved C.J. back against a wall knocking more pictures onto the floor, as she put her knife to his throat. Vera guided Rocket over to the big roller chair Blue would usually sit in behind his desk and had her take a seat. She reached into her pocket and removed a pair of tweezers before extracting the glass the best she could from their leaders' orbital sockets. \"Rocket! Whadda we do with this guy?!\" Blondie, flustered, said in a very high pitched voice. \"Well it is kinda his fault I'm half blind now…So…\" Rocket trailed off letting Blondie's imagination do some work. \"I know I'll poke out one of his eyes. Eye for an eye, am I right?\" Vera and Rocket started to laugh at the situation. Their precious, timid, ever thoughtful Blondie, wanted to remove C.J.'s eye. \"Now. Now. Blondie calm down we are mostly okay because of an overreaction though I'm kinda injured but we'll still do fine. In other words you can stop cutting into C.J.'s windpipe with that knife of your's.\" Rocket eased her tension. \"By the way we are still here not escaping because Babydoll is K.O. from an injection and we're looking for some epinephrine.\" Rocket continued. \"Which should be in here somewhere.\" \" AH HAH! I know where it is.\" C.J. answered as he slowly pushed the knife at his throat away and went to the desk to rummage through it. \" SEE!\" the dark skinned man said as he pulled out two syringes of a orangish fluid and handed it to Blondie as a peace offering. She quickly took them and stuck the knife back up to C.J.'s throat. \"I'll count to three, and you better get runnin',\" Blondie sternly said to the dark skinned man. \"1.\" She said as she turned her back to the man and closed her eyes, taking in shallow breaths. \"…2.\" She spoke quietly. He took the hint and jetted out the door the small catastrophe had happened at with Rocket and Vera. Vera picked out one final shard of glass from Rocket's left eyes and placed her tweezers back in her waistcoat pocket. \"Very nice, my dear Vlondie,\" Vera congratulated the Indian on her ability to scare a man half to death, she honestly had never seen that side of her and was impressed. \"Well let's head back to your office doctor.\" Rocket stated as she readied her rifle and wiped her face with the sleeve of her dark green shirt. \"As soon as I get those.\" She pointed to the syringes Blondie held onto, who gave them to her and she put them in her miniature medic bag at her that held onto her via her belt. \"Whelp that was fun!\" Blondie smirked as she spun the knife between her fingers and gripped it by the handle. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Well that had to get a cure somehow I didn't forsee CJ either so bear with me I'm still on the write track. Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 7] Rocket's Reality Chapter 7: Sweet Dreams \"No!\" Babydoll would have screamed if she wouldn't have had duct tape across her mouth muffling her voice. She was strapped down to a cold slab of steel, which she soon realized was an operating table, though primitive just the kind of thing you'd find in the Lennox House. She shifted her eyes to the left and then the right trying to pry an image out of the darkness around her, but all that came to her was another muffled voice followed by the sound of shoes tapping on the hard marble floor. Suddenly a light clicked on above her, blinding he for a moment before her pupils readjusted to the scene. There hovering over her was Mr. Blue Jones with a wicked smile across his features. \" Well well. IT seems as if you two were caught trying to escape me and whatever made you think you'd escape is beyond me. A couple of whores at least your girlfriend—\" He stopped and pointed across from Babydoll's feet to her lover, her girl, her everything, strapped to another cold steel slab, with a trickle of blood running down her temple. \"I think it's time for you to meet the High Roller, Ms. Babydoll. Oh and does he have plans for you!\" A kicking and thrashing about could be seen whilst recognized from Rocket once she heard what Blue had said to the defenseless, youth. This earned a small laugh out of the head orderly who went over to a small stainless steel roller cart and picked up a surgical scalpel before turning back to Babydoll. \"Now even before he gets here I'm going to have a little fun. \" The sadistic orderly spoke as he slowly ran the scalpel along Babydoll's collarbone, just enough to where it cut and hurt at the same time but wouldn't bleed much. Once again another thrashing could be heard from Rocket's table, apparently she could see what was happening and was trying everything in her power to break free from her bindings. Babydoll hissed as the scalpel cut another slice into her lower left forearm, she would've been making a lot more noise but the tape had her muffled badly. That was until Blue slowly peeled it back from her mouth so he could enjoy his precious Babydoll. The sick orderly and torturer let out a sigh and leaned next to Babydoll's ear \"Now where shall I cut? \" He breathed a little heavier into her ear as he ran the back of the scalpel up from her knee, closer, and closer. Rocket could be heard trying her hardest to break free before an odd noise was heard, which was a loud screaming from Babydoll as the scalpel began to cut her on her inner left thigh. A sudden noise like that of leather snapping was heard from Rocket's table. By the time Blue looked over to see what had happened from his torture a shadow was upon him and pushed him down knocking the scalpel out of his hand and him on his face. As the shadow stood above him he knew he was screwed, it was Babydoll's protector who looked down upon him the light behind her making it seem as if she held a halo above her head. While in her right hand she gripped the instrument Blue had been using on her girl. \"Time to pay, Mr. Jones.\" Rocket coldly stated as she brought the surgical steel down into his forehead. Babydoll screamed when the needle entered her arm and the epinephrine surged to her heart snapping her out of her coma-like sleep. What brought her back to reality was Rocket's face smiling at her out of the darkness she had been in it was the first thing she saw, it was her avenging angel. She started to sob. \"Rocket…Rocket. Is that really you?\" She slowly choked her sobs down as she was embraced by the real version of her girl. The strong, smart, warrior whom she had accidently created with her imagination and dream-like dancing. \"Yes, babe it's me.\" She responded as the surrounding environment filled out behind Rocket. They were somehow in Vera's office, even though all she could remember was the needle sticking in her leg before she passed out on the stage. \"Woah how'd I get here?\" Babydoll inquired to the rest of the people she could now see around her. Amber stood beside Sweetpea at the wooden door, while Blondie sit on Gorski's desk next to the Madame with Rocket embracing her on the therapy couch. \"Well, we drug you here while you were unconscious then me, Blondie, and Vera went to Blue's—\" Babydoll cut her off. \"Blue! Oh God that's who I dreamt about. Him doing horrible things to me…\" she let out another burst of tears before Rocket gripped her tighter. \"Don't worry he isn't around and as soon as I find him I'm going to put a bullet in his head. Just out of circumstance.\" Rocket replied which got a giggle out of her girl. \"We did run into C.J. but he ran away after Blondie threatened him. You should've seen it it was freaking priceless! \" Rocket pointed to Blondie who in turn blushed deep crimson and looked to the floor. \"Well now what do we do?\" Rocket asked Babydoll who rubbed the rest of the tears from her eyes and put on a brilliant smile. \"Well there's another door that we'll need the Key for and then the main entrance.\" Babydoll fingered her chin in thought. \"Yes, and that's where most of the resistance will be along with probably Blue.\" Amber added to which the rest nodded in agreement. \"Which means patients, orderlies, doctors, and security guards. All in a cluster fuck,\" Amber also noted. \"Well I can see that we had better be prepared, how you feelin' Babydoll?\" Sweetpea asked looking away from the door to her comrade-in-arms. \"Much better now that I'm back to reality, wide awake. I don't know what the hell you gave me but it makes me feel really really good.\" She said standing and stretching out. \" Sweet dreams are made of this, who am I to disagree?\" Blondie hummed under her breath her faith in herself restored from the reminder she got of scaring the life out of C.J. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV What'd you guys think please review! Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 8] Rocket's Reality Chapter 8: Bloodplay \"So the plan's to fight our way through the main hall to the entrance, right?\" Blondie asked after hearing Babydoll's idea. \"Sounds like it,\" Sweetpea retorted as she massaged Amber's shoulders. She was trying to loosen her up the girl had been on edge ready to kill ever since the escapade had began. \"I'm soo ready, ya know?\" Amber said as she rolled her neck and played with her knife, running the back of the blade along her left hand knuckles. \"I don't mean to sound like sucha bad person, but for what Blue has done to us I can see a strong want no no a need to torture and then kill that bastard.\" She went on as she replaced her knife at the leather holster that hung loosely around her hips. \"Chill out babe. I'm sure there'll be plenty of fighting for all of us.\" Rocket motioned to her friends with her hand. \"Vell I think I'll stay here, I don't want to get in the vay and I'm already free but I wish you all powodzenia (good luck),\" Vera spoke solemnly catching Blondie's attention who instantly hugged her tightly. \"Okay, Vera, it's better off if you stay. I'll come visit you when we're free at your house.\" Blondie smiled up at the taller, older, Polish woman as she released her. \"Yeah! We'll all come visit you Doc!\" Babydoll said stretching excitedly. Everyone, except Rocket, laid out their weapons across Doctor Gorski's desk. There was a meat tenderizer, The Pig's cleaver and knife, Rocket's bayonet, and Gorski's staff. \"Alright everyone choose a weapon, I'll be fine with my gun. One suggestion though: give Sweetpea the bayonet, she's pretty decent with it,\" Rocket added to which her sister quickly retrieved the sharpened piece of steel from the desk with a pat on the ass from Amber who took the butcher knife next. \"In honor of Vera!\" Blondie took the hidden dagger-staff and twirled it between her fingers like a baton. \"Well, looks like it's the cleaver or the uhh other thingy for me,\" Babydoll picked up the tenderizer and swung it a few times, like was said before, because of it's shape, size, and Babydoll's slender frame it fit her perfectly. \"Back to the hammer thingy.\" She stifled a laugh. \"It's a meat tenderizer, dear,\" Rocket informed the stunning blonde. \"I'll also take the cleaver since I have the holster for it, alright?\" Amber said as she strapped the cleaver to her side. \"We're ready I'm guessing?\" Babydoll looked to each of her friends, and finally to Rocket receiving a nod from each of them with a tightly embraced passionate kiss from her girl they were ready. They left Doctor Gorski's office out into the now quiet graveyard of patients and orderlies alike. They walked spread out but watching each other's flanks, the five stepped over bodies and moaning injuries, at least from the few that were left alive. Until they made it to the large oaken double doors that led to another hallway ending in a steel grated door. Before the group opened the doors they stood in two sets, Amber and Sweetpea on the left door and Babydoll, Blondie, and Rocket on the right. Rocket pressed her ear against the wood, but heard no commotion so she gripped the large brass handle and counted. \"One…two…three…Go! Go! Go!\" Rocket whispered albeit loudly. The group piled in and were face to face with a large huddled group of patients, covered in blood stained clothes who apparently had given up on trying to break through the steel door. Though surprised by the intrusion of the newcomers very few actually attacked. The first one caught six bullets from Rocket's machine gun, unfortunately the gun going of scared the rest of the patients who rushed the dancers. \"Fuck!\" Blondie yelled as she bashed one in the temple with the jeweled endof her staff, knocking him out. Another couple went down like bowling pins from the fiery redhead's gun. Amber was using her knife and cleaver at the same time hacking limbs, and slicing arteries. Sweetpea jumped on one's chest knocking him down while repeatedly stabbing her in the chest, blood sprayed continuously. Especially when Babydoll hit an enemy in the right side of the jaw with her tenderizer shattering it and catching another in the left side on her backswing, turning their heads to jelly. \"Shit!\" Rocket yelled in the crowd as she fumbled her extra magazine out of her pocket but her blood and sweat stained hands caused her to drop it in a pool of blood. She was forced to use her weapon as a club to knock a person off of their feet before she stomped on their head repeatedly, finally retrieving her dropped magazine in the process. Sweetpea stood from her fallen foe and had an arm wrap itself around her neck from behind while teeth sank into her bicep, she smiled through the pain and stabbed the guy in the groin repeatedly until he dropped. Amber had a sadistic smile on her face when a patient reached up from the floor, obviously dying from wounds. Her eyes widened when Amber professionally brought the meat cleaver down upon her forehead. Finally the corridor was lifeless except one last female patient. \"Good job guys! I suggest you run while you still have the chance, Heart!\" Rocket, soaked in blood, bellowed as she pointed her gun at the other patient she knew. \"Don't think so. Heard you got The Key and I want it!\" Heart mocked flipping a shiv in her right hand with a smirk. \"I'll take her.\" Sweetpea said her bite mark bleeding slowly as she readied her sister's bayonet in a clenched fist. Rocket lowered her aim as her older sister stepped forward. Heart let out a chuckle as she swiped at Sweetpea horizontally, catching Sweetpea's already destroyed shirt, but no skin. It made Rocket and Sweetpea let out a surprised hiss. The tall blonde thrusted forward, but her enemy dodged it by moving to the left of the sharpened steel and bringing her own shiv upward to catch the side of Sweetpea's weapon hand. \"You're goin' ta die bitch!\" Heart exclaimed now swinging wildly before Rocket's sister's bayonet caught her shiv, they were locked for a second until Sweetpea pushed forward and stabbed her own weapon through the hand of Heart. \"Doubtful.\" Sweetpea callously spoke as the other woman dropped to her knees before a final thrust into her orbital socket from Rocket's bayonet ended her life. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Whatcha think? Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 9] Rocket's Reality Chapter 9: Interim \"Hmph,\" Sweetpea managed to get out as she pulled the blade out of Heart's eye with a sickening schliicckk . She turned to the other's as the body fell limp still on it's knees. \"So, what'd you think of the show?\" She coyly asked the four wiping the blood from her weapon onto her pants, it really didn't matter now as she and the rest were covered from head to foot in the crimson fluid and it dripped from their weapons. \"Bravo! Buuut we should really bandage those wounds, babe,\" Amber stated keeping her head about the situation. Babydoll tore off more of her skirt to create makeshift bandages out of what was left of it while leaving enough to cover her panties. \"Good point.\" Sweetpea responded as the five sit down on what was left of the clear linoleum tiled floor to rest amongst the corpses. \"Everyone did a helluva good job, don't you agree, Rocket?\" Babydoll inquired as she sit next to Sweetpea and bound her forearm in cloth to stop the bleeding. \"Yeah! We're all kickass!\" Rocket ecstatically exclaimed while Amber, Blondie, and Babydoll blushed from her excitement. Sweetpea kicked out with her leg and knocked over the still figure of Heart with a loud thump it fell to it's side and earned a smile from the still alive sister of Rocket. \"Well…well…well. We've made it this far, only one more room to go and we should be done and outta this hellhole. Whaddya say Rocket?\" Blondie shyly said as she fingered her bloody baton. All of the girls smiled at Rocket, their would-be leader if it weren't for Babydoll's orders that had got them this far it would have been because of Rocket's newly-ordained skills. \"I say we rest. Then we go for the gold. We don't know what's on the other side of this door, but I guarantee you it won't be easy that's for sure. Unless everyone ran away, hah, yeah right! One more battle for us and it's freedom, forever. What do you all plan on doing out there anyways?\" Rocket asked to the others. \"Well I think I'll start a dance theater, I know it sounds lame but since I'm good at it and I've had practice I'll do it and entertain people.\" Blondie stated. Amber snickered but Sweetpea gave her a stern look and it quieted her. \"Well Ms. Priss what are you goin' to do?\" The Indian asked the Asian which got her a wicked smile. \"I don't see what we're doing here as such a bad idea, Blondie, except it would only be bad people I'd go after. Such as rapists, murderers, pedophiles, and thieves, or maybe I could be an evil henchman, mwhahaha!\" Amber smirked laughing evilly. She scared Blondie to tell the truth. \"Hey don't play around I'm being serious, Amber, if you get a free shot you shouldn't waste it doing the same thing that got ya in here ya know?\" Rocket murmured as she shoved Amber playfully. \"Okay, okay. It depends on what Sweetpea wants to do, I'm her girl and if she wants to live a peaceful life out in the country who am I to stop it?\" Amber said as she kissed Sweetpea on the cheek softly. \"That's fine with me, Amber, as long as I'm with you we can do whatever we feel like!\" Sweetpea said before she turned to Rocket. \"What about you, sister?\" She inquired worried about the answer. \"I don't know I wouldn't mind being free, living in the country either, but those are your guys dreams. I also wouldn't mind fighting criminals, even though it'd make me a criminal myself. What do you want to do Babydoll?\" Rocket's voice lowered when she asked her lover, who patted the bandage on Sweetpea's arm and leaned against the wall next to her. \"That's a tough one. I want to visit my sister, and mother's graves and put flower's on them. I never had a chance once my step-father took over…that son of a bitch!\" A tear of anger rolled down Babydoll's face as she looked up to Rocket. \"He deserves to die!\" She spit in rage. \"I think I may have an idea for all of us WHEN and IF we make it outta here.\" Rocket stated as she cupped Babydoll's chin and smiled to her \"What if we make him suffer?\" \"Woah! I don't know about that I mean we're not even outta here and we're making plans?\" Blondie questioned what exactly Rocket had meant. \"Look, look I'd be more then happy to help you people, buuuut I'd need to either be with Sweetpea or have her blessing,\" Amber stated as she rubbed the back of her lover's neck eliciting a moan from her. \"Amber, babe, you said you'd like to help get rid of bad guys, well apparently this step-father of Babydoll's is a really bad guy so you can do as you wish.\" She responded receiving a smile from the Asian Annihilator. \"Well I'm fairly sure we'll all have to go into hiding after this escapade considering we'll be more than wanted for our crimes, but whose to say it can't be covered up they've been covering up what's been goin' on inside the Lennox House for years now ya know?\" Babydoll pondered aloud. \"Well, how's everyone feeling?\" the fiery redhead asked the others. To which she got cries of \"ready\" \"feelin' good\" and \"let's make these fucker's pay!\" \"One last round…I hope we're ready.\" Blondie whispered under her breath. \"Well that was a relief, let's get these bastards!\" Amber stated standing next to Sweetpea who let out a warcry of huah! Babydoll took the key that dangled around her neck and inserted it into the locking mechanism on the steel plated door before slowly turning it making sure Rocket was over her right shoulder with her rifle aimed perfectly straight. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Getting down to the nitty gritty let me know what you think please! Signed, Vicious Cerberus[Chapter 10] Rocket's Reality Chapter 10: Finalé \"Stop where you are and lay down your arms!\" One of the few security guards shouted towards the opening metal door. He had his revolver pointed at the plate of steel right above where Babydoll's head came into view, but he didn't pull the trigger and it was too late once he saw the barrel of Rocket's machine gun on him. \"Shit!\" was all that escaped his lips his final shout before the fiery redhead squeezed her trigger and a bullet went into his head. That's when the chaos started. \"Move! Move! Move!\" Rocket slid in front of Babydoll as bullet's whizzed past and entered into the concrete around the door the five filed out of as they took cover behind the corner of a sign in booth. It was thick enough the bullets from the security guards .38's wouldn't penetrate and had a counter that Rocket could use to steady her gun. \"Well this is unexpected!\" Amber shouted over the gunfire to Babydoll and Rocket. Blondie had her head down and ears covered as Sweetpea crawled up against the barrier and sat with her back to it. \"Unfortunately we're kinda useless at this range…c'mon Rocket take out those sons of bitches with the guns so we can get in on this.\" Amber commented loudly. Rocket ducked back down and switched to a fresh magazine before she fired off a few more shots at the guards, injuring another in the arm causing him to drop his revolver, the bone crunching could be heard throughout the room along with a wail of pain. There were four guards remaining with one dead and another running out the front doors of the building injured from the bullet in his arm. A lightning strike flashed through the big oaken doors that swung open halfway followed by a roar of thunder, it was now raining in the escape route of the dancers. \"Four left—\" Rocket shouted as she downed another with a heart shot before one of the .38 rounds hit her in her right shoulder and she dropped her machine gun behind the counter with a clatter next to Babydoll who instantly went to the redhead's small medic kit she had around her waist. \"Goddamnit! Amber grab the gun and try to take out those bastards!\" Babydoll commanded while she dug out gauze and bandages before wrapping Rocket's wound on top of her clothing, luckily the bullet went through and missed the bones but the redheaded Rocket wouldn't be able to use her right arm to fire her weapon level. \"Guess I messed up, huh?\" Rocket groaned as she sat there, back against the corner of the counter as Amber took up her position and fired some rounds at the guards. \"Shh shh don't worry baby we got this far, only a little further and we're home free.\" The petite Babydoll cooed as she stroked her cohort's cheek. \"Gotcha!\" Amber shouted in glee as she downed another of the guards with a bullet through their thigh, apparently it hit a main artery because there was a small mist of blood as the guard drug himself with his arms back behind the other's still firing. Suddenly there was a silence as a clatter of empty casings hit the ground, they were reloading their guns and Amber still had plenty. She stood, aimed, and fired. \"Fuck!\" A guard complained as a bullet hit him in his teeth making one of the worst sounds anyone could possibly muster before flopping to the ground dead. Three more bullets strayed past the last two guards who were also out in the open reloading. \"Idiots.\" Amber calmly said before she shot on of the last ones in the neck causing him to backflip over a table with a loud crash . \"Screw this, I'm gone!\" The last guard complained while he turned tail and took off out the doors. \"Get back here! Goddamnit!\" Blue complained he had been behind the guards the whole time but he hadn't turned tail and ran, maybe he thought he could talk to them? \"Okay okay girls you can come out now,\" Blue said as he held his .45 behind his back. The five stood from behind the counter with Babydoll having Rocket's arm slung around her shoulder because of her wound. \"Girls, girls, girls. It pains me to do this but—\" Blue said as he pulled his pistol from its' hiding place. \"I don't think so!\" Rocket shouted as she ripped her percussion cap .50 caliber from its' holster. There was dead silence after both shots went off with a loud bang followed by a smaller bang . Everyone stood for what seemed like minutes until Blue looked down at his chest, which started to spread his life blood across his chest in massive amounts. His own bullet missed as Rocket's entered his sternum and blew a hole out his back. \"You…\" Was the last words Mr. Jones had to speak before he fell onto his back breathing heavily while coughing up blood. Babydoll handed Rocket off to Amber and Sweetpea as she stood over the girls' used to be terrorizer one foot on the right one foot on the left of his chest. She picked up his .45 and admired it for a second. \"You know weapons like these are dangerous.\" Babydoll played innocently with the dying man. \"It's a good thing you won't have to worry about that anymore though.\" She aimed the gun at his forehead and pulled the trigger. A loud echoing gunshot filled the room. VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV Well that's it I think not too sure if it's a good enough ending though it was written quickly as well so I hope you all can enjoy at least a little. I loved writing this and thank you to my only reviewer thus far I think it was Ninja Misao. Signed, Vicious Cerberus ","Summary":" Rocket's Reality Chapter 1: Preparations It was strange to see Rocket in her field medic uniform ou"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"Modern Cavemen","Author":"just-another-giraffe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9326452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is the first chapter the first ever modern day Croods story! Yay! Well, that and there are some characters from Tangled, Brave, How To Train Your Dragon, Rise of The Guardians, and Hotel Transylvania, but I'm too lazy to make this a cross over, so deal with it. Hope you guys like it! Also, a scion FR-S is a really cool car, so if I mention a car name and you don't know what it looks like, Google it. I don't own any movie characters. Hope you like it. Underlined = texting. Please Review! Guy drove down Main Street in his red scion FR-S towards his new school, prehistoric high. He had moved to Tomorrow three weeks ago with his foster parents, who were rich. Tomorrow was a nice place. It had a sub-tropical climate with nice beaches and thousands of acres of rain forest surrounding it. Guy had spent the last two weeks exploring the forest near his house while his foster parents redecorated. Some of the houses in Tomorrow were very interesting. There were houses that were caves; the dentist's office looked like it came out of a fairy tale. The hotel looked like a medieval castle. Some houses were made entirely of wood and had strange creatures above the doors. But it was a nice town. So, anyways, guy drove to his new school, not knowing anything at all. When guy drove into the parking lot, he realized immediately that everyone had their own friend groups. There were nerds greeting each other, backpacks full of notebooks. Football players passing a football and laughing at jokes. Cheerleaders already gossiping about the other girls in the school. The art club brining in new paint supplies. Guy drove his car over to an empty spot without many people around it and walked into the school. He got to his class just as the bell rang. His first class was English. He didn't mind English. He had a way with words. Guy walked into his English twelve class. There was a seating plan at the front. He was next to someone called Eep Crood. Guy walked over to his to his desk and sat down. The other kids came in shortly after. They all took their seats. A girl wearing a tiger stripe patterned dress with crazy red hair came to sit next to him. \"So, I'm guessing your Eep.\" He said, trying to be friendly. \"Yep. You Guy?\" she answered. \"Yep.\" Then the bell rang and the teacher went to the front. The teacher had written his name on the front board. Mr Culligins. \"Hope you're happy to be back at school. We have a lot to cover this semester. Welcome to English 12. I'm your teacher, Mr. Culligans. \" He said, introducing himself to the class. Then there was a knock on the door. The class turned to see a boy with messy brown hair standing at the door. \"Um… Is this math 9?\" the boy asked. Eep face palmed and quietly muttered under her breath. \"Oh, Thunk\" \"You know him?\" whispered Guy. \"He's my brother.\" She answered reluctantly under her breath so only they could here. \"Math 9 is two classes down the hall to the left.\" Mr. Culligans told Thunk. Thunk nodded, feeling very embarrassed and left to go to his class. Mr. Culligans handed out class outlines and went over what they were going to be doing that semester. At the end of the class, Guy was given his locker combination and a lock. He decided to go get his locker at lunch, because everyone else was doing it between blocks, and it would be less crowded. Guy's second class was Art. Guy was a fairly good artist, so it was an easy class. Lunch finally came around and Guy went to find his locker. His locker was only a few steps from the library. Guy put his stuff in his locker and then headed down the hall to the cafeteria. He turned on his phone to his best friend, Gruff, had texted him. Gruff Hey. What up? How's Tomorrow? Guy Great. How's school. People miss me. Gruff school is … school. People r confused of where u r. had 2 explain like 15 times. U see any girls yet. Guy laughed and texted back Guy Could have, could not have. I won't tell u. lol Gruff Come on bro. y not. Guy b/c when ur sister takes ur phone she'll tell everybody and the world will no Gruff Good point. Gtg. Lunch over. L8er Guy bye gruff Guy exited the texting app and looked at his screen saver, a picture of his pet sloth, Belt. He looked up from his phone to see that he had arrived at the cafeteria. The groups from the parking lot had reformed at tables, as well as some new groups. There was a book club arguing about whether Team Gale or Team Peeta was better in the hunger games. A study group that was looking through their textbooks. In the middle was a table full of basket-ball players, next to a table with a bunch of laughing girls who Guy guessed were cheerleaders. Guy made his way to an empty table. As he did, he noticed Eep was a table two down from his with a girl with really long blonde hair, green eyes, wearing purple, a Scottish girl with crazy red hair and blue eyes wearing dark teal, and another girl with short black hair with wearing black. Guy ate his lunch and checked his Facebook. A lot of people were wondering why he wasn't at school. He would message them back later. He looked up to see two boys come over and sit across from him. One had hair so light blonde it was white and wore a blue hoodie. The other had brownish red hair and wore a green long sleeved shirt and a brown vest. \"Hey, I'm Jack Frost.\" They boy with the white hair said. \"And I'm Hiccup Haddock. You new here.\" The other boy said. \"Uh. Ya, I'm Guy.\" He said. And that's all that was needed to be said to start a conversation between the three, who quickly became very good friends. Jack and Hiccup were the trouble makers of the school. Jack held the record for detention for 3 years in a row. Some of their most famous pranks included taking the nail out of the hinges of every door in the school and making some classrooms look exactly like other (ex. Socials room and English room switch). Hiccup was also in his English class, and they were both in his art class. After lunch was P.E., which all three boys had. Their P.E.'s teacher's name was Doug. During final block, Guy and Jack had Physics 12, while Hiccup had Social Studies 12. When Guy and Jack walked into the science room, everyone was standing by the door instead of sitting. When the bell rang, the teacher told them their seating plan a partners for the semester. Eep and Guy were put together, while Jack was put with Merida, the Scottish girl with the crazy red hair. \"Hey again.\" Said Eep as they sat down at their table, right behind Jack and Merida's table. \"Hey.\" Guy answered. Then teacher went over what they were going to do. First they were going to study space, then light and colour, then electricity and radioactivity. After class, Jack and Hiccup met Guy just as he went to his car. \"See you guys tomorrow.\" Guy said. \"Yup.\" \"Bye Guy.\" They answered and made their way to their cars. Guy climbed into his car and drove home, wondering what else this school would bring. So, I hope you like the start of this story. The next chapter will be a more detailed introduction on the characters. Other chapters will include school projects that are done out of class (meaning at one partners house), sporting events, like soccer games, football games, and archery competitions, random drama, and hilarious pranks from Guy, Jack, and Hiccup. If you have any suggestions for the story, or pranks that you would like the 3 to do, please review or message me![Chapter 2] Alright, since a bunch of you seemed interested, I will be continuing this story sooner than I initially planned. This chapter is mainly an introduction chapter to introduce the characters other than Guy. So here it is. TreSater – You were close. I changed the story from what I originally planned because I felt it fit the characters better. Now, only one of the girls is a cheer leader. I'll give you three guesses on who it is! Thanks for the support! 101 – Thanks for the prank ideas! Those will really help! Chapter 2 It had been two days since Guy's first day at school in Tomorrow. It was lunch on Wednesday and Guy, Jack, and Hiccup were looking at the other tables, discussing different pranks to pull on people. \"Who are they?\" asked Guy, pointing to a bunch of teenagers at a table across the room. At the table were 5 people. A muscular boy wearing a vest and a horned helmet. A blonde boy with long hair fighting a blonde girl, who looked like twins. A blonde guy wearing a brown shirt with a leather book in front of him, and finally, a girl with braided blonde hair, wearing a red shirt over dark leggings, a teal shirt, and a leather headband. Hiccup pointed to the boy with the helmet. \"That's my cousin, Snotlout Jorgenson. He's on the rugby team.\"He then pointed to the blonde kid with the book. \"And that's Fishlegs Ingerman. He's really into books and research, especsially about reptiles and lizards.\" Jack pointed to the blonde boy and girl fighting. \"Those are the twins, Ruffnt and Tuffnut Thorston. They're also on the rugby team.\" Hiccup pointed to the other blonde girl. \"And that's Astrid!\" he said, his eyes getting all big and shiny. \"She's captain of the swimming team and has a black belt in karate. Hiccup's had a crush on her since fifth grade. Jack finished. Guy nodded. \"Anyone else I should know about?\" Guy asked. \"Well, there's the girl at that table.\" said Jack, pointing to Eep's table. Hiccup was still staring at Astrid. Jack pointed to the girl with the short black hair. \"That's Mavis Dracula. Her dad owns the hotel here, Hotel Transylvania. You've heard of it right?\" Guy nodded. Hiccup, now recovered from his daydream, pointed to the girl with the really long blonde hair. \"That's Rapunzel. She was adopted but recently reunited with her parents. She's in gymnastics, the art club, and is the head cheerleader. She's also a really good singer.\" \"Remember last year when she hit someone in the head with a frying pan!\" Jack laughed. \"Oh, yeah! That was funny!\" Hiccup glanced at Guy. \"Long story, we'll tell you later.\" \"Anyways.\" Jack continued. \"The red head Scottish girl is Merida Dunbroch. She's the star of the archery team. Her mom is also the mayor, so she's got allot of respect in the school. We don't pull any revenge pranks on her. Ever. Just funny pranks.\" \"Oh, yeah. That's just because you've got a crush on her.\" Hiccup teased. \"You don't know that!\" Jack defending, obviously blushing. \"And finally…\" Hiccup continued, still smirking, \"There's Eep Crood. She's head of the rugby team, captain of the volleyball team, and one of the best runners on the cross country team. Her dad is also the coach of the rugby team.\"Guy nodded. \"I think that's everyone.\" Jack said, hoping to conclude the subject and move back to pranks. \"No. What about the other big players on the rugby team?\" said Hiccup. \"I take it that rugby is a big sport in this school.\" Guy said. \"Yep! So, there's also three Scottish kids on the rugby team. The first two just go by their last names, Macintosh and MacGuffin. There's also Wee Dingwall.\" Said Hiccup. \"There's also Eugene Fitzherbert.\" Informed Jack. \"He also goes by Flynn Rider. He's Rapunzel's boyfriend. If we ever need another person in on a prank, he's the man we talk to.\" Guy nodded. \"What about you guys?\" asked Hiccup. \"What?\" Hiccup and Jack both responded at the same time. \"Well, you've told me about the lives of the others, I've told you about my life. What about yours?\" Guy asked again. \"Well…\" Jack started. \"I'm adopted by Nicholas North, he makes toys and other gadgets. I kept my last name, Frost. I'm also in touch with my long lost sister, Rosie. And I really like winter, and the cool designs that frost makes on windows and frozen water.\" Then Hiccup said his life. \"My mom died when I was little, so it's always been just me and my dad. My dad's the chief of the police .And I really like mythology and dragons.\" \"You should show Guy some of your paintings of dragons.\" suggested Jack. \"Yeah. We could all hang out next week or something.\" agreed Guy. Sure, why not! Sounds cool!\" said Hiccup. The boys agreed on a day when they would all go and hang out at Hiccup's place. Then the bell rang and they went on to their classes. If you guessed that Rapunzel would be a cheerleader, you get a virtual cupcake! She's such a happy person; it's kind of a no brainer. I mean cheer leader. Leader of cheer. That had Rapunzel written all over it. So, you can guess what the next chapter will be about. Also, the rugby thing will come into the story quite a bit, so keep it in mind. Hope you guys liked it! Please review! Again, if you have any prank ideas, please tell me![Chapter 3] Ugh! Exams are soon and I have to study instead of fanfiction. It's driving me crazy! Sorry if I don't update soon, but school is done in a couple of weeks, and I'm rebooting my computer in a couple of days, so once that's over I will hopefully be able to pick things up for summer! Guest – Yes, I do like the big four. Whoever came up with the idea of those four being a group was a genius. No POV \"Are you guys sure we should be doing this?\" Guy asked as they drove up the alley way in hiccup's silver Camaro. It was almost midnight and the boys had told their parents that they would be at Hiccup's house studying. Of course by this they actually meant sneaking back into school after everyone had left to rig a prank and then sneaking into Jack's house to get food. This was fairly easy because North was out feeding his herd of reindeer, but why he had them, no one knew. Now, the three of them were in an alley next to none other than Hotel Transylvania, the best hotel in Tomorrow, run by Count Dracula and his daughter Mavis. \"Yes, it's very simple.\" Jack explained. \"We wait until the Moorsons come to check in, then we sneak in past the check in people behind their luggage. The Moorsons will probably be too tired to notice from all their driving. We'll sneak up to the upper floors after and carry out or prank.\" \"Who are the Moorsons?\" Guy asked. \"They're people from New York who come here every 2 months to fish. We have perfectly timed this prank so that we have a way to sneak into the hotel, since all the staff know us and we can't just walk through the door.\" Hiccup explained. Then a grey Toyota rental car pulled into the parking lot and a family of five got out of the car. They got two of those cart things you put your luggage on ( A/N : That's what I've always called them, but you probably know what I'm talking about.) and made their way into the hotel. \"Now!\" Jack whispered. The boys moved quickly through the shadows, passing quickly behind the carts, through the lobby, and up into the stairs. They stopped about five flights up to discuss what was going to happen next. \"First we have to locate the locals.\" said Hiccup. \"The locals?\" Guy said confusedly. \"It's our code for the people that live or work in the place we are doing our prank.\" Jack explained. \"You have much to learn in the art of pranking young grasshopper.\" Hiccup commented, laughing a bit. \"Oh. So that means Mavis and her dad?\" Guy responded, chuckling at Hiccup's comment. \"Yes. Now when we were driving here, I saw Mr Dracula's car outside the bank, and since everyone in this town knows that he takes forever arguing with bankers, he'll be gone for a couple of hours, so we're goo there.\" Hiccup said. Guy nodded. \"So that just leaves Mavis.\" He said. Jack and Hiccup nodded proudly, happy that their \"apprentice\" was catching on. They went upstairs to the floor where the Dracula's lived. When they got to the floor, they started checking rooms to see where Mavis was. They came to an open door, where Mavis and a guy with curly ginger hair were watching the Hunger Games. \"Who's that?\" Guy asked as they walked down the hall. \"That's Mavis's boyfriend, Jonathan. He travelled the all over the world before he came to Tomorrow.\" Hiccup explained. Guy was about to ask another question when Jack stopped by another door, turned around, and whispered to them. \"Let the pranking begin!\" ***** Later At Hiccup's House***** Stoic came home from a long Nightshift to find Hiccup, Jack, and Guy asleep on the floor of the living room. Hiccup's pet black girdled lizard Toothless, was sleeping on the couch above them. Stoic shook his head, muttering to himself about how they must have studied themselves to sleep. If only he knew. Ok guys, there's the newest chapter! The next chapter shall reveal what the 2 pranks were! You'll have to wait for that though, because like I said before I have exams and I am going to pretty much reset my entire computer in a couple of days, so the next chapter won't be up for at least a week or two. Sorry. If you don't know what a black girdled lizard is, Google it. They may have a weird name but they're really cool looking and the only small black lizard I could find that wasn't a gecko to be Toothless. Hope you liked the chapter! Please review![Chapter 4] Hey guys! Yay! It's finally summer! Hope you guys all have a great summer! Here's the next chapter! Thanks to xTheDarkShadowsx and 101 for prank ideas. (You'll know which ones are yours.) Classes started late the next day. Why? Because Jack, Hiccup and Guy had gone into the school the night before and taken all the nails out of the door hinges! Even the front door! Whenever someone opened a door, it fell. And on top off that, the teacher's chairs were duct taped the wall or the ceiling. This caused chaos and laughter throughout the school. This was perfectly times too, because P.E. was the first class for the pranksters, and they were playing volleyball, which they were all terrible at. Because of the pranks, second black was first, and there was another half hour added to it. This meant Art. Jack, guy, and Hiccup sat down at their art table and began to work on their projects. The three of them looked up as Rapunzel came and say down across from them. She smiled at them and worked on her painting. \"Don't you usually sit with your friends?\" Jack asked. Not in a rude way, but a confused way. \"Yeah, but we were talking during lunch and decided to sit next to you guys during art class. Plus, their all a bit late today. Merida has an archery thing, and Eep has a rugby meeting. And Mavis, I don't know why she's late today.\" Rapunzel said. The boys snickered at her last comment. \"We know why.\" Guy said. Rapunzel's eyes widened. \"What did you guys do?\" she exclaimed. \"Nothing bad, just a harmless prank.\" Hiccup reassured the blonde. She relaxed automatically. \"Okay, just as long as she's not hurt or anything.\" She said. At that moment, Mavis walked in. She had the hood from her hoodie pulled over her face, and her hands were in her pockets. She walked quietly over to Rapunzel and sat down. \"What happened?\" Rapunzel asked. Mavis laughed and pulled the hood down and took her hands out of her pockets. Her skin was tinted blue and her hair had a green shine. She was still laughing though. \"Blue dyed towel, green hair gel.\" She said. They all laughed. The pranksters were glad to see that she wasn't mad at them. Then Eep and Merida came in. When they saw Mavis, they were shocked. \"What happened to your hair?\" Eep exclaimed. \"And you're skin. You look like a smurf!\" Merida said. Mavis explained about the prank. Everyone laughed again. Then the teacher told them to be quiet and get some work done. They all set to work in their sketch books. Rapunzel looked over at Hiccup's drawing. \"What is that?\" she asked curiously. \"It's a type of dragon that I made up. I call it a Night Fury.\" He showed her the drawing of the black dragon. \"Cool!\" \"He's got more drawings at his house.\" Jack commented. \"Really!\" Rapunzel said, her eyes lighting up. \"Yeah. I've made different types of dragons too. They each look different and have different abilities.\" Hiccup blushed a bit. \"I'd love to see some of your drawings.\" Rapunzel said excitedly. \"Well, maybe I'll bring some of them one day.\" Hiccup smiled at her, turning back to his drawing. Rapunzel beamed back at him and continued working on her painting. \"Hey, are you guys coming to the rugby game on Friday night?\" Eep asked. \"Of course we are, right guys?\" Jack responded. Hiccup nodded without looking up. \"Uhh, sure.\" Guy said. Eep nodded shyly at Guy and then turned back to her sketch book. \"Maybe we should all sit together at lunch.\" Merida suggested. \"Sure, why not.\" \"Sounds like a plan.\" \"Great idea!\" Everyone agreed. When the bell rang, they all met at a table for lunch. For lunch, Merida, Eep, Guy, Hiccup, and Jack each had a sandwich. (Pick your favourite kind of sandwich?) Mavis had pasta, and Rapunzel had a Caesar salad. \"I'm a vegetarian.\" She explained. When they finished eating, they all just sort of sat there, wondering what to do. Then Guy's head shot up and he snapped his fingers. \"I've got it!\" he said. \"What?!\" Everyone one asked in interest. \"Prank calls.\" Guy said while waving his hand slowly across the air in one direction. (?) \"That's awesome! Way to go new guy!\" Jack said while high-fiving Guy. He then pulled out his iPhone. \"All right, who's first?\" he said. \"Let's prank call Mildew!\" Hiccup suggested. \"You're irritating neighbour that hates Toothless?\" Guy said. \"No, the movie star. Yes, my neighbour.\" Hiccup confirmed sarcastically. Jack handed Hiccup the phone, who typed in the number and then handed the phone to Jack. \"Why am I doing this?\" \"Because you're new and he won't know what you sound like.\" Jack said. The girls giggled. Guy was about to protest more, but then Mildew answered the phone. \" Hello\"[Chapter 5] Wow! It's been a really long time since I updated this! Sorry about that, I've been very busy with life lately! But here's the new chapter! Thanks to all of those who reviewed and read this story! You're all awesome! I'll hopefully be coming up with the next chapter soon! And special thanks to Little Miss Enigma for all of the ideas and encouragement she's given me for this story! You guys should check out some of her stories! They're really good! In this chapter I've also added characters from Epic! Anyways, here's some thanks to all my reviewers of the last chapter, and answers/comments to some of the reviews, and then on with the chapter! Special Thanks to the reviewers of last chapter: movie lover, changeofheart505, Guest, moocow4me, Little Miss Enigma, Silver-Assassin7, BabyBird101, artisticgurl, Groupxxxq24, xTheDarkShadowsx movie lover: I love the Jello worms idea! And the slender man prank! I think I'll try and find a way to use those! changeofheart505: thanks! I love your prank ideas! Will be sure to use some! Guest: I like the idea of Grug and Dracula being friends, they are both very protective of their daughters and would probably get along well! moocow4me: you will get your Eep and Guy bonding! Little Miss Enigma: thanks! You gave me so many ideas! And thanks for Guys last name, which really helped! Halloween was one of the biggest times if the year in Tomorrow. At prehistoric high, everyone got into the mood, dressing up in some of the craziest costumes ever. Since Dracula was usually gone on a conference trip around Halloween every year, Mavis was known for holding one of the biggest parties of the year in the hotel. Since her birthday was also near Halloween, it was almost like a double party. So, this is what happened on Halloween at Hotel Transylvania. The halls, lobby, ball rooms, conference rooms, game rooms, even some of the hotel rooms, and the pool room were all filled with hysterical teenagers in outrageous costumes, partying and having fun. Mavis wandered through the doors to the pool room, looking for her friends. She was dressed as a vampire, which suited her. She walked into the pool patio and soon found Jack, dresses as Jack Frost, talking to Merida. Merida had her crazy red hair messily braided into a side braid, which was coming apart, and was wearing black pants and a black jacket. She also had her bow and arrows, as well as a mocking jay pin, clearly impersonating Katniss Everdeen from the Hunger Games. \"Hey guys! You know where anyone else is?!\" Mavis called to her friends, yelling a bit to be heard over the music until she was closer. \"I think I saw Rapunzel and Eep over by the food.\" Merida said. \"Hiccup went fail at talking to Astrid.\" Jack said. \"And I haven't seen Guy anywhere.\" At that moment, said guy showed up. \"Hey! What's up?!\" Guy said, walking up to them. He was dressed as a caveman (like in the movie). \"Awesome party Mavis!\" \"Hey!\" \"Hello!\" \"Thanks.\" They greeted him. Eep walked up, dragging Hiccup behind her. \"Hey Guy!\" She greeted. \"I found Hiccup.\" Eep was dressed as a cave woman, wearing a tiger skin dress and making her already crazy hair even crazier. Hiccup was a Viking. The six went on talking about stuff and pointing out some of he interesting costumes. There was someone dressed as Harry Potter, and another group dressed as prehistoric animals. A group of mermaids were swimming in the pool near them, occasionally waving and winking at Jack. Merida would glare at them. Zombies, mummies, and many other people were wandering around in the hotel as well. A while later, Rapunzel came up to them. She, of course, was a Rapunzel. Following her was a boy that seemed to be wearing armor made of leaves and a girl with a dress made out of leaves and flowers. \"Hey guys! Look who I found! They're new here! This is Nod and Mary Katherine!\" \"It's M.K.\" The girl said. The six friends said hi to the new people. \"So, what are you guys?\" Hiccup asked, referring to their costumes. \"Well, I'm a leaf man.\" Nod said. \"And M.K. is the forest queen.\" \"Cool, like those small people that are in those legends about the forte near here?\" Merida said, interested. \"Yeah!\" Nod nodded. The friends talked for hours until it was time to go home, at one in the morning. The next day at school, the boys struck with one of their famous pranks again! The bells were constantly ringing after the first bell. A bunch if kids thought it was a fire drill and went outside on the field. Others were running around confused and slightly panicked about what was going on. Jack, Hiccup, and Guy were simply standing in the cafeteria laughing. Eventually, the bells were fixed, but everyone was late for class, and many of the first block classes were canceled. The boys were still laughing, lying on the ground clutching their stomachs, tears starting to blur their eyes. The principles voice could be heard on the overhead. \"Jack Frost, Hiccup Haddock, and Guy Sapiens to the office!\" At lunch, Mavis, Guy, Eep, Jack, Merida, Hiccup, Rapunzel, M.K. and Nod sat around the table. They were discussing things about the new comers and introducing themselves. M.K. was the daughter of a biologist that was studying the forest just out of town. Her dad had bought the huge estate house that used to belong to the former mayor before Merida's mom was mayor. She also had a partially blind pug with only three legs called Ozzy. Nod moved here with his uncle, Ronin, who raised him from when he was 6. Ronin joined the police force and Nod is following in his footsteps. Nod and M.K. said that they had been dating since last year. After they talked a bit and made proper introductions, they decided to make a prank call. \"Who should we call this time!?\" Merida asked. \"How about my neighbor!\" Jack said. \"The dentist?\" Guy asked. \"No, my other neighbor, Aster Bunnymund.\" \"Isn't that the guy with all the chickens that sells eggs, except he always paints them like Easter eggs?\" Eep commented. \"Yes that guy! Can we call him now?\" Jack said, excited. \"Alright! Here, dial his number.\" Hiccup said, handing Jack his phone. Jack dialled the number and gave it to Merida, who was sitting next to him. \"Pass it down the circle.\" He said. She nodded and waited for Bunny to pick up. \"Hello?\" \"I enjoy speaking with rabbits who talk with koalas! They are very interesting!\" Merida said randomly, passing the phone to M.K. \"What?\" \"Oh no! I appear to have dropped my elephant!\" M.K. gave the phone to Nod. \"What!? Elephant?\" \"My giraffe is quite offended with your hamster being a hamster. Please tell him to stop immediately.\" Nod gave the phone to Mavis. \"What are you talking about!? What hamster!?\" \"Ninjas ride narwhalicorns that gallop on rainbows made my Nyan Cat!\" Mavis gave the phone to Eep. \"What!? That makes no sense!\" \"No time to explain! Get on the llama!\" Eep gave the phone to Guy. \"What llama!?\" \"Did the space freaks discover our hideout?\" Guy gave the phone to Rapunzel. \"Space freaks? Hideout? Who is this?\" \"What do you think about the yellow unicorn who dances on a rainbow covered with blue cheese dressing with a fire breathing goat?\" \"I think you're crazy!\" Now Hiccup had the phone. \"If a canoe is stuck in a tree with the headlights on, how many pancakes does it take to get to the moon?\" Hiccup passed the phone to Jack. \"Okay, that's it, who is this!?\" \"You still owe me five dollars.\" Jack said plainly. Everyone laughed. \"Jack!\" Jack hung up and everyone laughed. Then the bell rang and they all headed to their next classes.[Chapter 6] Yay! Another chapter! Thanks to all who reviewed, followed, favourited, or read the story! Enjoy! Science class was always Eep's favourite class. She loved learning about the universe and all its secrets. This is why she always walked happily into science class and sat in her usual spot next to Guy. \"Hi Guy!\" Eep greeted her lab partner. \"Hey Eep. You're looking especially excited today.\" Guy commented on the red head's bubblyness. \"That's because we won last night's rugby game.\" Eep beamed. \"And we're starting our space project today!\" At that moment, the lesson started and they had to be quiet and take their seats. At the end of the class, the teacher explained their project, saying they had to research about a celestial object for their report. Each group was assigned a star, planet, or other object in space. Jack and Merida got Jupiter. Eep and Guy were assigned to the sun. \"And one more thing.\" The teacher said just after the bell rang. \"You will not be given much time for this project in class, so some of it will have to be done out of school time.\" Most of the class groaned. Eep just looked at Guy and grinned, with a slight bit of concern on her face. Later that day at lunch, the group sat at the table. Rapunzel had a cheerleader meeting, and Nod and M.K. were at a different table, since they usually just sat where ever and didn't really have a table regularly sat at. This left Eep, Guy, Jack, Merida, and Mavis, and Hiccup. Mavis was doing some last minute math homework, and the others were talking. \"Clearly ice cream is the best food!\" Jack said. \"No it's not! It's Tayberries!\" Merida argued. \"That's only because you're Scottish!\" \"Well your hair is white and your last name is frost, but you still like ice cream!\" \"Guys?\" Eep said, looking equally confused as Guy and Hiccup. \"Not now!\" Both the white haired bit and red head girl said. Guy stifled a laugh. \"Uh, guys. What are you arguing about?\" Hiccup asked. \"He thinks that ice cream is the way good when it's clearly Tayberries!\" Merida exclaimed. \"No it's not! Ice cream is the best food there is!\" Jack fought back. \"Well, technically, ice cream is a by-product of milk.\" Guy put in. \"You aren't helping!\" Jack said. \"Mavis, what do you think?\" Merida asked her friend. \"Can't talk. In the zone.\" Mavis said, not looking up from her math. Merida rolled her eyes. \"What do you guys think?\" Jack said, looking at the other three at the table. \"Well, I've never had Tayberries before.\" Guy said. \"And it also depends on what flavour of ice cream you pick as the best.\" Eep added. Jack and Merida thought for a minute. \"You could just settle on Tayberry ice cream.\" Hiccup suggested. \"That's a perfect idea!\" Merida said. \"Thanks man!\" Jack added. They all went to eating their lunch, until Hiccup looked up and rolled his eyes. \"Look, here comes the school hero.\" He said sarcastically. They all looked up to see a dreamy eyed Rapunzel following a proud looking Flynn. \"Stop complaining Hiccup.\" Eep said. \"Why does he bug you so much. You're not even on the rugby team.\" \"He couldn't survive on the rugby team.\" Jack said quietly. \"I would be offended by that if you weren't my friend. But that is true.\" Hiccup said. \"Then why does he bug you so much?\" Guy said. Hiccup shrugged. \"I know why!\" Merida said, smiling. \"You have a crush on Rapunzel!\" \"No I don't!\" Hiccup snapped back. \"Sure you don't.\" Eep said disbelievingly. \"I've already got one gorgeous blonde I can't be with. I don't need another.\" He mumbled. \"So you think she's pretty?\" Merida bugged him. \"Well I'm not saying she's ugly!\" Hiccup protested. \"Come on guys, help me out here!\" He said, looking pleadingly at Jack and Guy. \"Nope! You're on your own in this one.\" Jack said. \"You're just worried that I'll say who you have a crush on.\" Hiccup smirked. Jack blushed slightly. \"Yeah, Jack. Who do you have a crush on?\" Merida asked teasingly. Everyone looked at Jack. \"As he said, he's got one blonde he can't be with. He doesn't need another. \" Jack said quickly. Guy and Hiccup laughed. Then Rapunzel started walking over. \"This conversation never happened.\" Hiccup said quietly. The others nodded and greeted Rapunzel, except of course Mavis, who still had her nose buried in her math homework and had been oblivious to the conversation her friends had been having. - later in the school yard - \"What is that?!\" \"Is it an alien?\" \"What's going on?\" The murmurs of stunned and amazed students could be heard around the school yard as countless high-schoolers looked up at the sky. The source of their amazement, a grey object hovering up high in the sky. \"It's a UFO!\" Someone cried it. Automatically, cellphones were whipped out and cameras started flashing and recorded video. Unknown to the students below, three of the peers had snuck onto the roof, and were remotely controlling a flying saucer high above any of the student's reach. - after school in the parking lot - Guy whistled as he walked along to his car, still amused at the UFO prank that he, Jack and Hiccup had pulled earlier that day. He reached into his pocket for his car keys, but found them missing. \"Looking for these?\" He heard a female voice say. He looked up to see Eep leaning against his car, dangling his keys from one finger. \"You're welcome.\" She said, tossing them to him. \"They fell out of your pocket when you left your locker.\" \"Thanks.\" He said. \"So, what's up?\" \"Well, we need to work on our science project. You know, the one about the sun.\" Eep said. \"Oh yeah, that project.\" Guy remembered. \"So when do you want to work on that?\" \"Tomorrow after school?\" Eep said. \"Sure. Where?\" \" Not at my house!\" Eep said. \"My family is crazy. \" Guy laughed. \"Okay, we could work on the project at my place.\" \"Great!\" Eep smiled. \"I'll follow you there tomorrow.\" She turned and started walking to her car. \"Bye Eep!\" Guy called after her. \"See you tomorrow Guy!\" I would just like to point out that Tayberries are real. They're named after the river Tay in Scotland. So, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! I will try and get another up soon! Please reiview![Chapter 7] A black suit, some vacuum tubes, and a white manikin. That was all that Jack, hiccup, and Guy needed for their latest prank. Late after school, just before the doors were locked for the night, the three snuck in, each bringing one of the listed items. The purpose of this prank? Revenge on the janitor, Mildew, who also happened to be Hiccup's former neighbor. \"You guys sure about this?\" Guy said. \"Positive.\" Hiccup said, smirking almost evilly. As innocent as Hiccup seemed, he was an expert at revenge. \"Okay. Now where's the janitors closet?\" Jack asked as they wandered quietly around the darkened halls. \"This way.\" Hiccup pointed leading the way. The three set up their prank and quickly snuck back home before they were locked in the school. The next morning, they were rewarded with the terrified screams of Mildew as he discovered \"Slender Man\" in the janitor's closet. Guy and Eep walked out into the parking lot after school. \"So, project? We're working at your house today right?\" Eep said. \"Yep, just follow me. It's pretty easy to get to.\" Guy answered. Guy and Eep both got in their cars and drove to Guy's house, Guy leading the way. They pulled into the drive way, and Eep gazed around at the well-kept lawn of Guy's house, complete with the local semi-tropical plants around the edge. The inside of Guy's was modern and well kept, with many plants placed decoratively in each room. \"You're house is really nice.\" Eep said, looking out the window. \"There's so much light.\" \"Uh, yeah.\" Guy said, sitting in the couch and inviting Eep to join him. \"Doesn't your house have windows?\" \"No.\" Eep shrugged. \"I live in the neighborhood with the houses built into caves.\" \"That sounds really cool!\" \"Yeah, but there's never any light coming in. At least not from outside.\" Eep shrugged again, and then shrieked as something touched her shoulder. She whipped around to see a red sloth hanging from the tree next to her. \"What is that!?\" \"Oh, that's Belt.\" Guy said, picking up said sloth. Belt made a sloth sound, (a/n: what do sloths sound like? Do they even make noise?) and wrapped around Guy's shoulders. \"Oh, okay. Hi Belt.\" Eep said, recovering from the shock. \"So, where are your parents? Are they home?\" She said looking around. \"No, they're not home much. My mom is a pilot, so she sometimes stays in foreign countries overnight between flights. And my dad travels for business, so I usually have the house to myself.\" Guy said. \"Just me and my Belt.\" He added, laughing at the play on words. Eep laughed with him. \"I wish my parents were gone from home more often sometimes.\" \"Why's that?\" \"They're crazy, especially my dad.\" Eep said. \"You know, you never talk about your family at school. What are they like?\" Guys said, bringing his knees to his chest and looking at Eep with a curious look that she couldn't resist. \"Well, my mom's okay. She's really nice. My brother, Thunk, he's kind of a mix between a need and an athlete. He's kind of shy. My little sister, Sandy, she's crazy. If something or someone irritates her, she'll attack, kind of like a little wolf. My gran's crazy, and she and my dad are always fighting. It's really funny most of the time though because their fights are ridiculous.\" Eep said. \"My dad, he's crazy. He's fun to be around sometimes, and he's a really good rugby coach, but he's really overprotective. He always tells stories, where people do something new, out of their comfort zone, and they die in the end because of it.\" Eep said. \"If he's so overprotective, what does he think about you being here?\" Guy asked. \"He thinks I'm at Merida's right now.\" Eep said sheepishly. Guy laughed. \"You're family sounds very weird.\" He commented. \"Better weird than boring though, right?\" \"Yep.\" Eep agreed. \"We should probably work on the project now if we want to finish it and get a good mark.\" Guy said, grabbing some papers and a pen. Eep nodded, and the two spent the rest of the afternoon researching the sun, jotting down ideas for the project, and talking about random stuff when they got off topic. Eventually, though, Eep had to go home for dinner. As she was leaving the house, she turned to Guy. \"So...\" \"So?\" Guy said, holding the door open for her, the warm breeze ruffling his hair a bit. \"So, I'll see you tomorrow?\" Eep finally said. \"Yeah. See you tomorrow.\" Guy said. Waving as she walked to her car. \"Goodnight Eep.\" \"Goodnight Guy.\" Eep called back. The next day in science, Eep and Guy continued working on their project, using the entire block to focus on collecting information about the sun. At the end of the block, Eep poked Guy in the shoulder. \"Hey study buddy. Are we working on the project again after school tomorrow?\" Eep said. \"Sure. You're place?\" Guy said. Eep looked uncertain. \"Oh, come on. Your family can't be that bad.\" \"Well...\" Eep started. \"Please. If things get ugly I can go home.\" Guy said. Eep still looked questioningly. \"Besides, sometimes it can get so lonely when I'm alone at home.\" Guy said, putting in a sad face. Eep rolled her eyes. \"Ugh, fine.\" She said, giving. \"Yes.\" Guy said, doing a mini victory fist pump. \"But I'm warning you, my dad will freak out at you.\" Eep said threateningly. \"I'm sure I can handle it.\" Guy said. \"Yeah, we'll see.\" Eep said, rolling her eyes. Then the bell rang and both went on to their next classes. Okay! Sorry for such a long wait. I had a bit of trouble writing this chapter, I just couldn't set the scene right, but I got it, so here it is! (Also, life is life, so it's really busy.) This chapter is written with mostly (and I think long awaited for) Guy/Eep fluff, so I hope you all liked it. I'd like to thank movie lover (anonymous) and my brother (who shall remain un-named) for the slender man prank idea. And I would just like to point out that most janitors I have met are really nice, but I needed a way to prank Mildew. So, the next chapter will have more about Guy and Eep, including visiting Eep's house/family, a closer look into the relationships of the other group members, and hopefully another prank. I'm hoping to do a prank that also involves the twins (Ruffnut and Tuffnut), so I'll see what I can do with the ideas you guys have already sent me. If you have more prank ideas, don't be afraid to send them in. I love writing pranks. So, hope you all like the chapter, and please review! I'll try to update soon! (And I totally realized how long I made this author's note, so if you're still reading this, thanks! I'll shut up now… :p)[Chapter 8] Guy and Jack both made their way into the school on the November Friday. The two of them were greeted by a frantic looking Hiccup. \"Uh, guys. We have a problem.\" He said worriedly. \"What happened? Did someone find our box of prank ideas?\" Guy asked. \"Did you try and ask Rapunzel on a date but end up throwing up on her shoes?\" Jack said teasingly. \"No.\" Hiccup said, glaring at his friend and motioning for them to follow him. \"And it's not like you wouldn't pass out if you tried to ask out Merida.\" He added glaring at Jack again. He led them to the boiler room in the basement of the school, which was over looked by the teachers and custodians unless there was a problem. This left the space empty most of the time, and had been taken over by the pranksters as their hideout at school. As the three of them opened the door, they were greeted by a familiar black reptile that sat on the warm cement floor, blinking curiously around his strange surroundings. \"You brought Toothless to school?!\" Jack exclaimed, laughing. \"No! He must have climbed into my backpack before I left.\" Hiccup said. \"What am I supposed to do?\" \"Why don't you just skip first class and take him home?\" Guy said. \"Can't. My dad's taking a day off work today and would freak if I came home early.\" Hiccup replied. \"So what do we do with him?\" Jack asked again, recovering from his laugh attack. \"Do with who?\" They heard a voice behind them. The three boys whirled around to see a curious Rapunzel behind them, her backpack still slung over her shoulder. Hiccup stepped to the side to show her what was going on. Rapunzel gasped and rushed forward to pet the small black lizard's head. \"Awe! He's so cute!\" She exclaimed while Toothless purred. \"Uh, Rapunzel, Toothless. Toothless, Rapunzel.\" Hiccup said. Toothless chirped at the blonde girl as she scratched underneath his chin. \"So, uh, now what?\" Guy asked. \"Well, we could always delay first and second block.\" Jack said. \"Right, and then we can eat lunch here.\" Hiccup said. \"And we can discuss what to do while we're eating.\" \"Great. I have an idea.\" Jack said, turning on his heal and walking up the stairs with confidence. Guy followed close behind. \"Uh, Rapunzel?\" Hiccup said. The green eyed girl looked up at him and smiled. Hiccup swallowed, trying to force down his nervousness. \"Could you stay here and watch Toothless until I get back?\" \"Sure Hiccup!\" She answered, turning back to the black reptile and smiling. Hiccup nodded, quietly closing the door behind him and running to catch up to his friends. Jack led the way through the halls, with Guy and Hiccup following close behind. They quickly made their way through the crowded halls towards the cafeteria. As they got to the room, Jack scanned the crowd of students and groaned. \"They're not here.\" He said. \"Whose not here?\" Guy asked. \"The twins, Ruffnut and Tuffnut.\" Jack answered. \"Astrid or Fishlegs might know where they are. Or Snotlout.\" Hiccup said. \"Good idea buddy.\" Jack said, smirking at Hiccup. Guy noticed what Jack was doing and smiled too. \"No. Oh, no! I am not going to go ask where they are!\" Hiccup protested. \"Come one! We need this! Besides, this prank will be hilarious!\" Guy said. \"You don't even know what the prank is yet!\" Hiccup said. \"Come on!\" Jack said, looking over at the table where Fishlegs was waiting for his friends. \"Just go ask. It's only Fishlegs, and he's kind of your friend.\" Hiccup rolled his eyes. \"We could always just wait until Astrid shows up and ask her.\" Jack teased. \"Yeah, like Astrid would go sit at a table anywhere near where I am.\" Hiccup said sarcastically. \"She doesn't hate you that much. She just, tolerates your presence.\" Guy said. \"Astrid wouldn't come near me if she was on fire and I had the last bucket of water in town.\" Hiccup said. \"Don't we live near a lake?\" Guy said. \"Not important.\" Hiccup said. \"Why don't you go ask Fishlegs where they are, make all our lives easy.\" \"Ask Fishlegs where who are?\" Astrid said from behind them. Hiccup whipped around and looked at Astrid, trying not to blush. \"Astrid! Hi, Astrid. Hi, uh, Astrid.\" He stuttered. He glanced back at his friends, who motioned for him to keep speaking. \"I was, uh, just wondering if you, uh...\" He trailed off. \"If I what?\" Astrid said suspiciously. \"If you, uh, know where Ruff and Tuff are?\" He said quickly. Astrid eyes him suspiciously. \"They're in the room above the gym.\" She said slowly. \"Great. Um, thanks, Astrid.\" Hiccup said. Astrid shrugged and walked over to her table. Once she was out of ear shot, Jack and Guy laughed. \"Man, you and you're nervousness around blonde girls.\" Jack said. \"What are you talking about?\" Hiccup said. \"Astrid's blonde. Rapunzel's blonde.\" Guy listed. \"Heather didn't have blonde hair.\" Hiccup pointed out. \"True, but she was trying to cheat off your notes.\" Jack said. \"She said she was sorry!\" Hiccup argued. \"Whatever. Come on, room above the gym. It shouldn't be that hard to find.\" Jack said, leading the way again. Guy followed, as did Hiccup, rolling his eyes and muttering about how Jack had a melted snowball as a brain. Jack, Guy, and Hiccup led Merida and Mavis through the panicked halls to the boiler room. Students ran everywhere and teachers tried to get things into order. Mildew screamed at students to get out of his way, and some genius, that genius being Hiccup, had hacked into the overhead announcements system and was now blasting the radio for all the school to hear. The five of them laughed as they ducked into the boiler room, finding a slightly confused Rapunzel sitting on the floor, happily feeding Toothless bits of a sandwich. \"What did you guys do!?\" Rapunzel asked. \"Oh, nothing much.\" Guy said. \"Just let some sheep loose inside the school with numbers spray painted on them.\" \"Yep. Numbers one through twelve, but they'll never find number seven.\" Hiccup smirked, picking up Toothless, who happily perched on his human's shoulder. \"What did you guys do to the seventh sheep?\" Mavis asked. Jack smirked mischievously. \"What seventh sheep?\" Hey guys! I've been wanting to write this prank for such a long time, but I never found a good way to put it in the story! But now I have, and it's awesome! Basically, you get an animal, like a sheep or a chicken or an aardvark, and put a collar on it or spray paint, with numbers, but you skip one number. (For example, if there are 4 animals, you would have them numbered 1, 2, 3, and 5.) Then you let them loose in school, and everyone will be looking for the missing one that doesn't exist. I chose sheep for this story because I've seen sheep get loose at a couple of fairs and stock-shows, and when they get loose they try and jump on/at people. Usually they can't jump high or far enough to actually get the person though. So, hope you liked it! Next chapter will mainly focus on the Eep/Guy pairing, but had some of the Hicup/Rapunzel pairing in this chapter. Thanks for reading! Please review![Chapter 9] \"I'm home!\" Eep called as she entered her cave house. Guy followed close behind, running his hand along the stone walls. Despite being underground, the house was bright with lights on the high ceiling and a fire in the centre of the living room. \"Hello Eep! Is this your friend Guy?\" Eep's mom Ugga said, hugging her daughter. \"Yes. This is Guy.\" Eep said. \"Hello.\" Guy greeted. Ugga returned to the kitchen while Eep led the way to a couch in the living room. \"So, your house is a lot different than mine. What's it like living in a cave?\" Guy asked. \"It's pretty cool. Not much sunlight though.\" Eep said. Guy nodded. Then through the door, a group of animals tumbled into the living room. \"Oh, those are our pets. That's Chunky the Death Cat, and that's Douglas.\" Eep said, pointing to a colourful feline with tusks and a crocodile-like dog. There was also an owl-cat, an albino rat-dog, and black and yellow striped scarf lemurs. (Two lemurs connected by a long tail.) Eep and Guy got to studying, during which Eep's grandmother came in, as well as Eep's brother Thunk and her little sister Sandy, who tried to eat Guy's foot. Guy and Eep were looking at thermal images of the sun for their project when Guy was plucked from his seat and dangled two feet off the ground. \"Who are you?\" A voice asked. Guy turned his head and came eye to eye with the school's rugby coach and none other than Eep's dad. \"Uh... I'm Guy.\" He stuttered. \"Guy?\" Grug said again. \"Dad! Put him down!\" Eep said. Grug dropped Guy back down on the couch. \"Okay, Guy . What are you doing here with my daughter?\" Grug asked. \"Daaaaad.\" Eep said, irritated. \"We're working on out science project.\" \"Grug. Let the kids study.\" Ugga said from the kitchen. Grug rolled his eyes. \"I've got my eye on you.\" He whispered to Guy. Guy smiled nervously at the rugby coach and turned back to his work. After a while, Ugga came out of the kitchen with plates of food. \"Dinner's ready!\" She called. The croods rushed over to the stone table to eat. \"Do you want some food Guy?\" Ugga asked. \"Sure.\" Guy accepted sitting at the table. The Croods and Guy ate dinner and then all sat in the living room, making popcorn over the fire in the centre of the room. \"Alright, who's ready for a story, huh?\" Grug said. \"Yeah! A story! Tell us a story!\" Thunk said excitedly. The Croods all gathered on the rug below the couch where Grug sat. Guy stayed on the chair he was sitting on, eating bits of popcorn. Eep sat on the chair next to Guy. Grug started the story. \"Once upon a time there was a little tiger, who lived in a cave with her family. There were a lot of rules, but the big simple rule was to never lead the cave at night. And the door was so heavy that you'd think it would be easy to remember.\" \"So easy to remember!\" Think said. Eep rolled her eyes in annoyance. \"I know.\" Grug said, continuing the story. \"But, when everyone was asleep, she went out anyway.\" \"No!\" The Thunk, Sandy, Ugga, and Gran said. \"Yes! And she got lost and she had to go on this long, sucky walk, and died.\" Everyone gasped. \"The end.\" Grug finished, sitting down and ending his story. \"Woah! I did not see that coming! Twist ending! My stories never end like that.\" Guy said. \"Yes! Two stories in one night!\" Think cheered. He, Sandy, Gran and Ugga moved across the floor so they were sitting in front of Guy. Grug stayed where he was. Guy stared at the expectant listeners in front of him. \"Um, okay. But it won't be as good as Grugs.\" He said, clearing his throat. \"Um, once upon a time, there was a beautiful tiger.\" He said, glancing at Eep. \"And she lived in a cave with her family. Her mother and father said that you may go anywhere you, but never near the cliff, for you could fall.\" \"And die.\" Grug said. \"Good story.\" \"But when no one was looking, she'd go near the cliff.\" Guy continued, catching the attention of the Croods. \"For the closer she came to the edge, the more she could hear, the more she could see, the more she could feel. Finally, she stood at the very edge. She saw a light, and she leaned out to touch it. The she slipped.\" Everyone gasped. \"And she fell.\" Grug said blankly. \"And she flew.\" Guy said. Eep gazed at Guy. \"Where did she fly?\" Thunk asked. \"Tomorrow.\" Guy smiled. \"Tomorrow?\" Eep said. Guy nodded. \"A place with more suns in the sky than you can count.\" \"It would be so bright!\" Thunk said. \"That was a great story, Guy!\" Ugga said. After that, Sandy went to bed, Thunk went to finish his homework, and Grug disappeared. \"Well, I should probably head home.\" Guy said as he and Eep gathered up their project. \"Thanks for not letting your dad kill me.\" \"He's kind of overprotective.\" Eep said. \"Well, goodnight.\" \"Night.\" Guy said, heading out the door. \"Wait, Gut!\" Eep called from the door. \"How did the tiger fly?\" Guy smiled. \"She jumped on the sun, and rode it to tomorrow.\" So no pranks in this one. Next chapter will definitely have a prank though. It's also a bit shorter, sorry. :p This chapter is based off of a scene from the Croods movie, where Grug and Guy both tell stories. I used some lines from the movie and tried to put the stories in as close to the same as possible. Hope you all liked it! Please review, I'll try to update again soon![Chapter 10] It was early November in Tomorrow. The teens had just gotten out of school for a long weekend and were now hanging out at Guy's house. \"I have an idea!\" Jack said. \"Oh no.\" Merida said, rolling her eyes. \"No, there's no 'oh no' here.\" Jack said. \"So what's your idea Jack?\" Hiccup asked. \"We should all go camping this weekend.\" Jack said. \"Camping? Sounds fun!\" Eep said. \"I'm in!\" Guy agreed. \"Oh! I love camping! Being outside and running around in the fresh air and on the grass!\" Rapunzel said happily, lying in the back on the carpet. \"So, what about you, Mavis?\" Are you coming?\" Guy asked. \"Can't going on a trip with Jonathan this weekend. Sorry guys.\" Mavis said. \"No, it's fine. You haven't seen him in a while, go have fun.\" Merida said. ** A few hours later ** Merida, Jack, Rapunzel, Hiccup, Eep, and Guy all gathered outside Hiccup's house near the forest outside Tomorrow. \"So where should we camp?\" Guy asked. \"There's a really cool place near a lake that we could camp.\" Hiccup said. \"Sure. Sounds awesome!\" Rapunzel said excitedly. \"Great. Follow me guys.\" Hiccup said, leading the way into the forest, following a small path that winded around the trees. As they got deeper into the forest, the groups split up a bit so that Eep, Rapunzel, and Merida were walking a bit behind Hiccup, Jack, and Guy. *with the girls* \"So,\" Rapunzel said, walking next to Merida. \"Do you like anyone?\" Merida scoffed. \"Sure. I like you, and Eep. You're both my friends.\" \"No. Do you like anyone?\" Eep said. \" Like like anyone.\" Merida blushed slightly. \"I might .\" \"Who!\" Eep and Rapunzel said. \"I won't tell!\" Merida said. \"MacGuffin?\" Rapunzel started guessing. \"Nope.\" Merida replied. \"Macintosh?\" \"Nope.\" \"Wee Dingwall?\" \"No.\" \"Snotlout?\" \"Ew! Not in a million years!\" \"Good point. Um...\" \"Anyone on the rugby team?\" Eep said. \"Nope.\" \"Anyone on your archery team?\" \"Nope. No one on the archery team.\" Rapunzel and Eep thought deeply while they walked, thinking of different names. \"It couldn't be Jack.\" Rapunzel said. Merida almost tripped and then regained her balance, trying to hide her face with her crazy hair. \"It is Jack, isn't it?\" Eep said. Merida looked away. Rapunzel squealed excitedly. \"Merida likes Ja-\" she was cut off by Merida's hand clamping over her mouth. \"Well don't yell it out like that! He's right over there!\" Merida hissed, but was blushing like crazy. \"Oooh. How long have you liked him?\" Eep said. \"I don't know. And don't you tease me about anything. I know you have a mega crush on Guy!\" Merida snapped back. Now it was Eep's turn to blush. Rapunzel gasped, moving away from Merida's hand. \"You like Guy!?\" Eep nodded slightly. \"Awe! You two would be sooo great for each other!\" \"And Punzie here has a crush on two guys!\" Merida said, smirking at her friend. \"What? Who?\" Eep asked her friend. \"I don't have a crush on two people!\" Rapunzel said. \"Well, we all know that you like Flynn Rider.\" Eep said. \"His name is Eugene!\" Rapunzel said. \"Whatever.\" Merida said. \"But we all see the way you look at Hiccup with your Bambi eyes.\" Rapunzel blushed madly. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" She said, looking at the ground. \"Are, come on, we all know it's true!\" Eep said. \"Hey! I that a squirrel?\" The blonde said, trying to change the subject. \"Come on, Punzie, you can't hide it forever.\" Merida said. \"Fine! Okay, I think he's cute!\" Rapunzel burst out, then glanced quickly at the boys walking ahead to make sure they hadn't heard. \"Knew it.\" Eep said. The girls then continued to giggle and trade each other the entire way to the campsite. *with the guys* Guy, Jack, and Hiccup walked along in front, hearing the girls whispering and giggling behind them. \"So, uh, why do you think they're talking about?\" Guy said. \"No idea.\" Hiccup said. Jack looked back, seeing the girls notice him. Eep and Rapunzel waved and poked Merida, who looked like she was about to punch one of them. Jack rolled his eyes and turned back around. \"I will never understand women.\" So yeah. The girls had a discussion about who they liked. Kind of took that from a *cough* recent conversation where my friends teased me about my crush. Not gonna lie, but I think most of us have been there, and if you haven't I'll just tell you now it can get really embarrassing. Okay, enough life advice. So the next few chapters will obvisouly take place on this camping trip. I'm planning to have some bonding scenes with the three couples in question, so if you guys have ideas for this then that would be great. Also, I'm hoping to do a truth or dare chapter (because why not) so if you have any ideas for that then please send them to me! If I don't have enough then I won't be doing a truth or dare chapter. You can also have truths and dares to or from a specific character. So yeah, don't hesitate to send them to me. And also remember that they're in a forest a bit away from the town, so there won't be any other people around. Unless I see one that is REALLY funny, and then I'll have some poor unsuspecting hikers get pranked. So send in any truths and dares! Please![Chapter 11] Once they had been set up, everyone didn't really know why to do, so they all agreed to haut do whatever they wanted. So Eep, Guy, Jack, and Merida all went exploring, or as thy called it \"gathering fire wood,\" leaving Hiccup and Rapunzel in the camp. They both sat there awkwardly for a while and then they both started to draw. \"What are you drawing?\" Hiccup asked after a while, looking over at the blonde. \"Oh. Me?\" Rapunzel said, looking up, slightly startled. \"Well you are the only other person here.\" Rapunzel giggled, and then turned her sketch book to show Hiccup. \"It's just a sketch. But I'm hoping that when I get home I can paint it.\" The drawing was of a girl sitting in the trees, her very long hair almost turning into a river. \"What are those dots in the sky that she's watching?\" Hiccup asked, pointing. \"Those are going to be floating lanterns.\" Rapunzel said. \"Cool.\" Hiccup said, nodding in approval. \"What are you working on?\" Rapunzel said, glancing at Hiccup's sketch book. \"Oh, it's nothing really, just an idea.\" He said picking up the book and opening it. The drawing was of a dragon that was on fire. \"This is really good!\" Rapunzel exclaimed enthusiastically. \"Are there any more dragons in the book?\" \"Uh, yeah. This book is full of random sketches of dragons that I've, um, sketched.\" So the two spent the entire time looking at drawings they'd did and improving each other's skills. Until it got dark and the others came back. Yes, I know this chapter was really short, but this chapter and the next two will be shorter because they are of a bonding moment between two people. So there will be two more of these short chapters, one for Eep and Guy, and one for Merida and Jack. And then after that chapter will be the truth or dare chapter. If you have any truths or dares, or just ideas, please leave them in a review or send me a message. The more truths and dares I get, the more there will be in the story. So please, send them in. I'll be updating this story again tomorrow for sure![Chapter 12] I'm so sorry for not updating yesterday. The chapter didn't save properly for some reason. I hate it when this happens. But here's the new chapter! Enjoy! Eep wandered through the forest. She knew she was lost, but the forest was beautiful, and as long as she found her way back to the camp by nightfall, she knew everything would be fine. So for now she was wandering along, looking at all of the plants and the fall flowers. Soon she found a small cave that went through a rock wall and opened up into a clearing. So like any reasonable teenager, she went to investigate. The clearing had moss all up the sides of the rock walls. A sapphire blue pond took up most of the space with a ledge hanging over half of it. There were pink flowers everywhere, shining beautifully in the sun. Eep wandered around the beautiful clearing, watching as some of the pink flowers floated down from ledge around her and landed in the pond. ***meanwhile*** Guy watched Eep prance around the clearing happily, chasing after the flowers as they floated down. He let another flower go, dropping it so it caught a breeze and floated down to the pond in the clearing. Then he ducked down behind a bush of the flowers, making sure Eep didn't see him. Reaching for another flower, he turned, ready to drop it down to the pond. \"You dropped something!\" Eep said, holding one of the flowers. \"Ah!\" Guy screamed, jumping back and landing in another patch of pink flowers. Eep laughed, tucking the flower behind her ear, smiling at Guy, who smiled back. If you have any ideas of what should happen between Merida and Jack, please tell me. Also, any truth or dare ideas. Thanks to all who have read the story![Chapter 13] Merida stood at the top of the cliff, looking over the valley just as the sun set below the horizon. The sky was getting dark quickly and the stars were just starting to shine. Turning back to the forest, she continued picking arrows out of trees. She could find almost all of them, except for one arrow that she couldn't for the life of her remember where it had gone. Searching the forest again, she contemplated climbing a tree before she felt a tap on her shoulder from above. \"Ah!\" She yelped in surprise, quickly stringing an arrow and aiming. She was met with a certain silver-haired boy perched in the tree above her, laughing slightly and putting his hands up. \"Don't shoot me!\" He said, still laughing a bit. \"What are you doin' in that tree?\" Merida said. \"Have you been watching me this whole time!?\" \"No!\" Jack said. \"I was just walking around in the forest and then decided to come find you.\" Merida nodded, lowering the bow and putting the arrow away. \"Oh.\" Jack said. \"And I think you dropped this.\" He held out the missing arrow. Merida took it in her hand, trying to hide her blush. Jack smiled charmingly, hopping out of the tree. \"Well, I think we should get back to camp. I'm starving.\" And with that he grabbed a laughing Merida's arm and dragged back to where the others had already started a fire. So the ideas for this part were really good, but sadly I couldn't use them because Jack, and everyone else, doesn't have powers in this story. But still, shout-out to Nicci and Guest (both anonymous) for those. And shout-out to UnicornGirl11 and GrimReaperGirl14 for the archery suggestions. I put a bit of a different twist in those though. Next chapter will be truth or dare, so if you have any suggestions, please get them in! I'll use any that I like![Chapter 14] Hey guys. Sorry for such a long wait. My life is just really busy for some reason. But anyways, here's the Truth or Dare chapter. You really thought I was going to have all these pranks in the story and not a Truth or Dare chapter? Anyways, I'd like to thank unicupcake123, UnicornGirl11(and sister), Hysteria Rogers, and nicci for some of the Truth/Dare ideas. And Elsa from Frozen will be mentioned in this story (meaning she's another student) but other than that she's not in this story. Sorry. But i'm working on a Jelsa story that will be posted eventually. Enjoy the story guys! Rapunzel, Guy, Eep, Jack, Merida, and Hiccup (in that order) all sat in a circle around a fire. Guy was finishing off his fourth hot dog and Merida and Jack were once again arguing about ice cream when Eep had an idea. \"Hey guys!\" she said. \"And everyone else. Let's play truth or dare!\" \"Oh yeah! I love truth or dare!\" Rapunzel said. \"What is it?\" \"You've never played truth or dare before?\" Guy said, astounded. \"She doesn't get out much.\" Merida whispered. \"It's so much fun!\" Jack ranted. \"When someone picks you, you say truth or dare, and if you say truth, you have to answer whatever question they ask you, but if you say dare, you have to complete whatever dare they tell you to do.\" Rapunzel looked nervous at first, but Hiccup reassured her. \"It'll be fine. We won't make you do anything to crazy.\" He said, reaching over, thinking about putting his arm over her shoulder, but chickened out at the last minute and pretended to brush his hair out of hi face. Jack raised an eyebrow at him. \"Yeah. It'll be fine, Blondie.\" Jack said. \"So who gets to go first!?\" Guy asked excitedly. \"Well, it was my idea, so i get to go first.\" Eep said. She then promptly stood up and walked a short distance over to a tent. \"Where are you going?\" Merida exclaimed, raising her arms in protest. Eep returned with an empty pop bottle in her hand. \"This is how we're going to decide who we ask.\" she said. \"Oh, come on. We don't get to choose?\" Jack complained. \"No, because from what i heard, last time you and Hiccup played truth or dare, you got into a dare war with each other that lasted 3 hours.\" Eep said. \"Oh yeah, I remember that.\" Hiccup said thoughtfully. Jack laughed at the memory. Eep set the bottle down on the ground in the circle and spun it. It stopped and pointed to Rapunzel. \"Okay Punzie. Truth or Dare.\" \"Um, dare?\" Rapunzel said unsure. \"Alright, I'll go easy on you. Lick a mirror.\" Eep said. Rapunzel stood up and scurried over to one of the tents, and came out holding a small mirror. She sat down and quickly licked it, then set it down beside her. \"Okay. So, my turn?\" She said. Everyone nodded, and she reached over and spun the empty bottle. \"Hiccup, truth or dare.\" \"Truth.\" \"What's the worst grade you've gotten this school year?\" Hiccup looked down at his feet. \"I got a C on one of my math tests.\" He mumbled. \"Ha! You're not a genius after all!\" Jack exclaimed. Hiccup just rolled his eyes and threw a handful of dirt at his friend. \"Merida, truth or dare?\" \"Dare.\" \"Toothpaste Moustache!\" \"What?\" Hiccup got up and ran to a tent, returning with a tube of toothpaste, which he handed to Merida. \"Toothpaste Moustache.\" Merida took the toothpaste and used it to draw a pale blue minty moustache on her face. Glaring, she reached out, and the bottle landed pointing in-between Guy and Rapunzel, who were the two who had laughed the hardest. \"What do we do if it lands in-between two people?\" Merida asked. \"They both agree on a truth or dare, that the both have to answer or do.\" Eep said. \"Should we go with Dare?\" Guy asked, trying to recover from laughing. Rapunzel nodded, still giggling, \"Eat haggis!\" Merida yelled. Guy and Rapunzel both stopped laughing, and Eep, Hiccup, and Jack started laughing even harder. \"What! Why?\" Rapunzel said. \"Because you guys laughed the hardest.\" Merida said angrily, though it was really hard to take her seriously with a toothpaste moustache. \"Where are you even going to get haggis?\" Guy challenged. \"Lucky for you, my mother is crazy.\" Merida said, getting up and returning with two forks and a container containing (haha… sorry) the cooked sheep's stomach. She tossed the container and forks to the two and sat down again. \"Dig in. We don't have all night.\" Guy and Rapunzel looked cautiously at the food, each taking a fork and slowly eating a few mouthfuls each. After about half an hour, each had eaten one haggis, and their faces were visibly paler. Guy's even looked slightly green. \"Alright then. Who should pick next?\" Merida said, looking very pleased with herself about her revenge. Rapunzel just shook her head, and Guy spun the pop bottle. \"Eep, truth or dare?\" he said shakily. \"Dare.\" \"I dare you, Eep Crood,\" he said dramatically, pausing for effect, \" to lick Jack's foot!\" Eep's face scrunched up in disgust. \"Awe, come on! Why Jack? He hasn't warn shoes since we left!\" \"It's true. I left them in my car.\" Jack said. \"You have to do it! Or else!\" Hiccup said. \"Or else what?\" Eep said, disbelievingly. \"I'll think of something.\" Hiccup said. Merida leaned over and whispered something to Jack, who the whispered it to Hiccup. The three nodded and put on evil grins. \"I don't like the look on their faces.\" Rapunzel said. Hiccup whispered to her, and she laughed and nodded. She then told Guy, and everyone except Eep knew what they were talking about. \"Ugh, fine. I'll do it.\" She groaned. Jack put his foot in her lap, and she licked it, scrunching up her face in pure disgust. Jack smirked at her and she picked up a cup of water and dumped it on his head. \"Take a bath.\" she said. \"I just did.\" Jack grumbled, shaking out his silver hair. \"Okay, Guy. Truth or Dare?\" \"Truth.\" He said cautiously. \"How many times a day do you pick your nose?\" \"um, two?\" Guy said, unsure. \"Ew.\" Rapunzel said, scooting away from Guy. \"Jack and Eep, truth or dare?\" Guy said, since the bottle landed pointing between them. \"Dare.\" they said. \"Switch shoes.\" \"But Jack isn't wearing shoes!\" Eep said. \"I know.\" Guy said, smirking. Eep saw what he was doing and took off her shoes, handing them to Jack. \"No fair! Her feet are tiny!\" Jack complained, trying to fit his feet into the shoes. \"To bad. My turn.\" Eep said. \"Hiccup. Truth or dare?\" \"Truth.\" \"Who would you rather date. Astrid or Rapunzel?\" Hiccup's face paled and then went pink with blush. Rapunzel hid behind her hair. \"Um?\" Hiccup stuttered. \"Come on, Dragon Boy. We haven't got forever.\" Jack said, smirking at his friends embarrassment. \"Answer the questions!\" Guy said. \"Rapunzel.\" Hiccup said quietly, pulling his knees up to his chest and hiding his face. Rapunzel hid more behind her hair. \"There. He answered. Next!\" Merida said, continuing on like nothing important had happened. \"Um, Guy, truth or dare?\" \"Dare.\" \"I dare you to do a headstand and spin around on your head until you fall down.\" Guy got up and did a headstand, taking a couple tries because he kept falling over. Eventually he started spinning, and very quickly fell down and summersaulted across the circle, falling with his head in Eep's lap. \"Oh. Um, sorry…\" He mumbled, getting up, blushing a bit. He brushed the dirt and leaves off, the reach to spin the bottle again. \"Merida. Truth or Dare?\" \"Dare! But no more toothpaste!\" She said, wiping off her shirt where the last of the toothpaste moustache had fallen. \"Eat a spoonful of mustard!\" \"But I hate mustard!\" \"Yeah, well you made me and Rapunzel eat haggis.\" \"So?\" \"So REVENGE!\" Guy exclaimed, standing up for dramatic effect. Merida rolled her eyes while Hiccup got a spoon and filled it with mustard. Merida took the spoon and quickly ate the mustard, squinting her eyes and shaking her head in distaste. \"There I ate it.\" she said. She reached out, and while they were waiting for the bottle to stop spinning, they all heard a voice in the distance. \"It's the twins, Ruffnut and Tuffnut. And Snotlout.\" Hiccup said. \"How do you know?\" Jack asked. \"Because I was forced to eat dinner with my uncle and cousin last night, and Snotlout said that he was going camping tonight as well. But they're at an actual camp ground. They must be hiking or something.\" Hiccup explained. The bottle stopped spinning, landing on Eep. Merida smiled. \"Okay. Eep. Truth or Dare?\" \"Dare.\" Eep said, not really paying attention. \"I dare you to go into the woods and scare Ruff, Tuff, and Snotface.\" Merida said, smirking at her genius idea. Eep shared that smirk, and got up. \"Gladly.\" Everyone sat by the fire and listened expectantly. Eep snuck quietly through the dark woods, making out trees and shrubs in the dark moonlight. Soon the twins and Snotlout were in her sight. She could here Snotlout bragging about something. Everyone at the camp died laughing when they heard Snotlout's girly scream. \"BIGFOOT!\" They also heard him and the twins running through the forest loudly at top speed. Eep appeared from the forest soon after the victims of the prank couldn't be heard. She too was dying of laughter. There were a few leaves in her hair from when she had fallen to the ground from laughing so hard. \"That was awesome!\" Jack said, giving Eep and Merida a high five. Once everyone had recovered from laughing, the game continued. \"Jack. Truth or Dare.\" \"Truth.\" \"Really. Jack 'the dare master' Frost picks truth.\" Hiccup said. \"Hey. I can't answer a question. I that illegal now?\" \"No, no. It's just surprising.\" Hiccup said. \"Whatever. What's the question?\" \"Would you rather date Elsa or Merida?\" Eep said with a self-satisfied smirk. Jack looked down. \"Merida.\" He answered quietly. Merida's cheeks went almost as red as her hair. Jack cleared his throat. \"Okay, moving on.\" He said quickly. \"Hiccup. Truth or Dare?\" \"Dare.\" \"Eat a smoked Eel.\" \"Ew. gross. No!\" Hiccup said, disgusted. \"You know what happens if you refuse a dare.\" Rapunzel said sweetly, but still felt sorry for Hiccup. \"Where do we get an Eel.\" Guy asked. \"Ah. I came prepared.\" Jack said. Grabbing a sealed bag and presenting one raw Eel. He tossed the bag to Hiccup. \"Get cooking.\" Hiccup rolled his eyes and glared at the Eel, placing it over the fire. While they waited for the Eel to cooked, Rapunzel suddenly jumped up. \"I cam prepared too!\" she said. \"can I give a last dare?\" \"Sure, Punzie. What's your dare?\" Eep said. \"All of the boys have to wear dresses.\" Rapunzel said, crossing her arms and smirking. Guy, Jack, and Hiccup all looked at her like she was crazy. \"She's joking right?\" Jack said. Rapunzel skipped away, over to one of the tents. \"Someone tell me she's joking.\" Jack said, sounding more desperate. The blonde returned, carrying three dresses with her. She tossed a blue one to Jack, a green one to Hiccup, and a red one to Guy. The boys waited for her to say it was a joke, but she pointed to the tents. They sighed and went in the tents, emerging very embarrassed as the girls snapped photos of them. Hiccup looked the most irked by the dare out of them all. \"Great. Now not only do I have to eat an Eel, I have to do it while wearing a dress.\"[Chapter 15] Hey guys. So I know I haven't updated in a while, but i've had a really busy life and not allot of time to do things. :p So this story has kind of turned into more of a drabble series, so I would really like some more ideas on what you guys want to see in future chapters, because most of my plot bunnies have run away. So please PM or review your ideas! And hopefully I will get some more chapters up soon! Thanks to everyone who has reviewed so far, and thanks to everyone who has followed and favourited! As when this was written/posted, the story is up to almost 10,000 views! Thank you so much! You're all amazing![Chapter 16] I'm back! Okay, so i'd like to thank Guest (whoever you are, since you're anonymous) for suggesting this to me. I'm also always open to knew ideas for future chapters, so please submit anything you want to see in the story! Jack, Hiccup, Eep, Guy, Rapunzel, and Mavis all stepped into Merida's house. It was huge and castle like. Rapunzel's eyes widened as she looked at the stain glass windows. \"I might get lost in here.\" Hiccup mumbled, walking a circle to look around the space. \"Hey guys!\" Merida called in greeting, sliding down the railing of the stairs to meet her friends. They all said hello back. \"So what brings us all here today?\" Mavis asked. \"Well, my mom has been tryin' to teach me to took, and said that i needed to practice. So i'd thought i'd try out my cookin' on you guys.\" Merida explained. \"You brought us here to eat?\" Eep said. \"I'm good with that. I like food.\" Guy said. Jack nodded in agreement. \"What are we having?!\" Rapunzel asked excitedly. \"Cranachan.\" Merida said. ( A/N: So from what i could find, Cranachan is a Scottish desert that has berries, whipped cream, honey, and toasted oats. Sometimes they put whiskey in it, but that's not happening in this story. Hope I got that right…) ***a little while later*** Everyone sat in front of the movie screen, eating the rest of their Cranachan. \"This is pretty good Merida.\" Hiccup complimented. \"Yeah.\" Rapunzel said. \"You should make this more often for us.\" The rest nodded in agreement, finishing of their food and watching the movie. \"Merida?\" Eep said. \"Hm?\" \"Have you ever cooked alone before?\" \"Nope.\" ***The next morning*** Mavis lay curled up at the end of the couch, clutching her stomach and trying to shut out all the noise. Guy was lying underneath the table, looking a bit green. Eep was slowly sipping on a glass of water, trying not to vomit. Hiccup was in the bathroom, and you probably don't want to hear more. Jack, Merida, and Rapunzel were lying either on the couch or the floor, trying their best not to be sick. Jack slowly raised his hand in the air. \"I move that Merida is never allowed to cook again.\" He said, his arm plopping back down to his side. \"For once, Frosty,\" Merida said, \"I agree with ya.\"[Chapter 17] Hello everyone. So I know that it's been a really long time since I updated this story, so I felt I should explain a bit. This story has kinda gone on the metaphorical back-burner. So I'm not going to be updating it a whole lot, which you can probably already tell by now. It's just kind of a story for me to write if i've got time in-between working on TDAT, TINAFT, a new story, and being busy with life outside the internet. So sorry to disappoint anyone. I'm still looking at any ideas that are sent in, and will probably use them when i update this eventually. Thanks for reading/fav/following! ","Summary":" Here is the first chapter the first ever modern day Croods story! Yay! Well, that and there are som"},{"Movie":"Haunting in Connecticut","Title":"Music of the past","Author":"Ghost of music past","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11472812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 My name is Stephanie Leinmann. Of course that's not my real name, my reason to not tell whoever is reading this my real name, is because I don't want the possibility of anyone going to my family and asking about the mysterious events regarding the Aickman house. I hope this information will be of some use to you my unknown reader, that is if you even bothered to pick up these papers from the gravestone where I left it. This is a story about near impossible things, complete and utter terror, death and surprisingly love and heartbreak. This is my story and a warning to all skeptics of the supernatural. August 28, 2004 As we drove up the dirt road we came towards a large, old house. I, along with my mom who had the idea to move in the first place, thought it was absolutely beautiful. I loved anything vintage or antique. Everything from the 1920s architecture to the tree outback absolutely entranced me. I was 16 at the time and was considered unusual by other people my age. I had a passion for classical music, especially opera while everyone I knew was listening to the black eyed peas or something like that. I even dressed different, I wore anything vintage that I could find at the thrift shop, antique jewelry from my grandma, boots that I believed looked like they could have come from the Victorian era and once I even wore a corset! I didn't mind the fact that I was an outsider, in fact I actually liked being alone most of the time. That was another reason the house appealed to me so much, it was isolated and quiet. I was listening to Bach's prelude in C minor, when my mom broke my trance by saying \" There it is guys ! Isn't it gorgeous?\"My 8 year old brother Oliver, shook his head and said glumly \" I guess so, but I don't know why you freak out over it so much, I liked our old house better.\" I laughed a little at his comment. He has a habit of being so stubborn you would think he would never change, but after 5 minutes he changes his mind and loves the thing he originally hated. \" It's amazing. It's going to be like living in the 1920s. \" I said with a dreamy smile. \" See Oliver, me and Stephanie both like it. And I know you will too. Once we get there you will learn to embrace it. \" With that Oliver crossed his arms over his chest and pouted. Once we pulled up to the house I got a good look at it. It was white with pillars and a beautiful porch where I could see myself reading or listening to music. I looked up at once of the windows and for a split second I saw a boy about my age who looked like he was burnt to a crisp. I could see he had wisps of black hair, was wearing the remains of a 1920s suit and had the most stunning soul piercing icy blue eyes. He scared me a bit, but in a way he was strangely beautiful. \" Stephanie. Hey Stephanie wake up, snap out of it.\" My mom said to break me from my trance. \"Oh sorry mom I just dazed out for a second. Let me help you bring in the bags.\" I looked back at the window and the boy was gone. Once we were in the house mom let us choose our rooms. I found my way to the basement which had plenty of space for me and was isolated, just the way I like it. I ran up the stairs to tell mom I found a room \" hey mom, I found a room I like.\" My mom turned to face me \" yes sweetie which one?\" \"The basement.\" My mom got a worried look on her face that she always got when she disagreed. \" I don't know sweetheart.\" I frowned \" Mom think about it, it's isolated which I like, has plenty of space and you won't have to listen to my opera music you supposedly hate so much.\" My mom started to consider it and finally said \" Well if you want the room that badly I guess you can stay there.\" I hugged my mom with appreciation \" Thanks mom.\" As I turned to walk away my mom suddenly remarked \" Sydney I think you should get out more, make some friends, I've noticed you have been so alone. I just think that since your father left you've been a little shaken. Make me a promise, now that we're here make some friends explore the area enjoy life can you do that?\" I only wanted to make my mom happy so I agreed. \" Thank you Stephanie. I love you.\" \" I love you too.\" I said as I pecked her on the cheek and went back downstairs to get my things together. I looked around the room and realized I had my work cut out for me. So I turned on my favourite opera and got to work. By the time I was finished my bed had on its red embroidered comforter and array of vintage pillows, a Victorian bedside table with a 1930s like lamp, a white dresser with a vintage jewelry box and a floor length mirror. I looked at my reflection, what I saw was a tall girl with pale skin, light brown waist length hair, green eyes and one unique sense of fashion. I have been to,Ed that I was pretty but I didn't believe think I was anything special. All of sudden the room went ice cold and I saw someone else standing int the mirror. I froze when I saw the same apparition from before only this time not burned. He was pale like me, had thick black hair,was dressed in 1920s garb and had the same piercing blue eyes. He looked to me and asked \" How do you do?\" Thanks for reading I would love it if you left a review and I'm sorry if my writing isn't very good this is my first story. Hope you enjoy and chapter 2 is on its way[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 I stood frozen not being able to believe what I just saw and heard. \" I'm sorry if I frightened you, please no one has seen me or talked to me since the Campbell family lived here. \" Still a little startled I replied to him \" It's alright, but who are you? \" he looked a little relieved that I didn't shriek in terror or run away \" My name is Jonah Aickman, I lived and died here in the 1920s, now it's my turn to ask the questions what's your name?\" I started to get used to his presence and said \" My name is Stephanie Leinmann and I have another question are you trapped here ?\" He looked a little sad at that remark \" I'm sorry if that offended you I didn't mean to pry,\" he cut me off by saying \" No it's alright, I was trapped here by spirits that my father bound to this house to make my powers as a medium stronger. One night during a séance they got so angry they killed everyone in the room and chased me down to the incinerator where I was burned alive. But I'm not trapped here anymore I stay here to protect whoever comes here.\" I was feeling overwhelmed at hearing all this \" Wait, protect us from what? What spirits were trapped and how? Are they gone? \" I almost fainted \" Are you alright?\" Jonah said rushing toward me \" I'm sorry I'm fine, if I get overwhelmed I can faint, it's kind of an anxiety thing.\" Jonah looked concerned \" I'm sorry I overwhelmed you, do you want me to explain everything?\" I nodded \" Alright to make this simpler close your eyes and take my hand.\" I reluctantly did so and everything faded to black. When I opened my eyes we were in my house but Jonah was sitting at a table with this odd substance coming out of his mouth. I looked to Jonah who was standing next to me watching the scene \" This happened every time I had to do a séance. This was the night that I died \" I squeezed his had a little tighter. \" That must have been horrible \" I gasped as I saw the substance burst into flame and turn everyone in the room into charred skeletons, except for Jonah. There was one man who was only nearly alive who told Jonah \" Run they will come for you.\" And then he died. I watched with my mouth open in horror and disbelief as Jonah ran around the house trying to desperately to find a way out but had doors slamming in his face and things thrown at him by an unknown force. He jumped into the dumbwaiter as a last resort screaming for help. He rolled into an unknown chamber thinking he could escape but the door slammed shut and flame erupted in his face. Tears started running down my face as the scene changed to 1987 where Jonah was possessing a young man who was breaking the walls of my house down with and axe. I looked in horror as grotesque bodies with Latin writing cut into their skin tumbled out. The young man set the bodies and house on fire as a firefighter pulled him out. Then it faded once again to black. \" Are you alright?\" I nodded not realizing I was still crying. \" I can't believe you went through all that. It wasn't fair.\" He put his arm around me and said \" It's the past I'm free now.\" I nodded in relief. \"Wait you said that you stay here to protect whoever live in this house, what did you mean by that?\" \"My father may still be trapped here I haven't seen him but I feel his presence, I just want to make sure everyone in this house is safe. That's all.\" I smiled as I said \" Thats good. \" I looked to my side where Jonah was and saw that he disappeared. I was a little saddened by that because I thought that I found a friend. Oh well, I guess since he lives here I will see him again at some point. That's all for today! I hope my writing is a bit better for this chapter, chapter 3 should be coming soon![Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"Stephanie dinners ready!\" I heard my mom call from upstairs. As I was walking up the stairs my light started flickering, but eventually stopped. All of a sudden the room went ice cold, just like it had when Jonah was here, but it felt different. I started to shiver as I felt an ominous presence behind me. I started climbing up the stairs again but felt a sudden tug on the back of my shirt and couldn't move. I was too frightened to face whatever was behind me so I just stood there frozen. I felt the grip on my shirt release and looked down and let out a sigh of relief. I looked up and saw a man possibly in his 50's with strange glasses, a brown beard with hints of grey and the most evil smile I had ever seen. Almost as soon as I saw him he disappeared and i lost my balance from being so startled and I fell down the stairs. Feeling the throbbing pain in my head I looked around dizzily. I hadn't gotten very far up the stairs so my injuries were fairly minor, so I went back up the stairs into the kitchen where my mom and brother were sitting at the table already eating. \"Sweetie what took you so long? What happened I heard a loud crash?\" My mom asked with worry in her eyes. \"Oh I'm fine, I just tripped and lost my balance on my way up the stairs.\" I decided to keep my ghostly encounters a secret because I knew my mom and brother would think I have went over the edge. \"Are you sure your okay?\" \"Yeah the worst thing will probably be a head ache that's all.\" I said with a smile. My mom smiled and said \"That's good, so how are you two liking the house so far?\" Oliver just shrugged and said \"It's ok I guess. I've just been hearing weird noises.\" I looked up as he said that. I figured that Jonah or Mr. Aickman have been making some noise, \"It's an old house Oliver, I might call the exterminator to check if we have any squirrels or mice,\" mom was cut off by Oliver \" Mice! Cool if we have any can I keep one as a pet?\" Me and my mom laughed \"No honey but I'll tell you what, if it makes you like the house any better, we can go to the pet store tomorrow and buy you a fish, sound good?\" Oliver nodded. \"Stephanie, you have been awfully quite, is there anything wrong?\" I shook my head,\"No mom, I'm just tired from moving everything around in my room.\" \"Oh yeah, how do you like it? Is it like living in the roaring 20s?\" My mom asked as I laughed a little \" Yeah it's great, exactly like the 20s.\" My mom suddenly went serious. \"Now because I trust you guys, I want to tell you something before the house burned down in 1987 this used to be a funeral home. But it's been rebuilt the exact same way it used to be but it doesn't have the crematory. I didn't think it would worry you very much but I figured you deserved to know the truth.\" Oliver looked slightly confused, \"Mom what's a crematory?\" My mom sighed as she said \"It was where when people died, someone who worked there would prepare the bodies for either burial or cremation, like when grandma died.\" Oliver seemed to understand. Hearing all this explained so much more about how Jonah died and how his father bound the spirits to the house. I excused myself from the table and went back to my room to do some research. I pulled out my laptop and searched ' Aickman funeral home ' several links pulled up but I chose a website of news articles relating to the home and its residents. One of the articles dating from 1922 said that Jonah was a medium and he and his father ran séances at the funeral home. 'That explains a lot' I thought. Another from a year later said that 5 people were killed in a séance and Jonah went missing 'Was also never found' I said to myself. The next useful article was from 1987 which said that a boy Matt Campbell was hospitalized after cuts appeared on his body, and eventually escaped the hospital and took an axe and chopped down the walls revealing many body's with some kind of writing on them. 'That explains the vision' I thought. The article said he set fire to the house before being rescued by firefighters. I closed my laptop and started to piece together the story. It all made sense now, the reason Aickman was still trapped here is because he damned all those souls to remain here, unable to move on. I looked to my side and saw familiar blue eyes looking at me. \"So you know everything now.\" He said \"I have this need to know the truth about everything so I did my research. You know how you said you think Aickman is still around? Well I saw him earlier on the stairs\" The expression in his eyes turned to anger \"I knew it. Are you positive it was him you saw?\" \"I'm sure of it I saw a picture of him in the old news papers\" Jonah stood up with fists clenched \"Someone like that can't be trusted around people. He doesn't belong here, he belongs in hell.\" I shivered at his voice, calm but angry. All of a sudden we heard a sneering voice behind us \"Now is that any way to talk about your father?\" Jonah looked at him with pure anger \"Did you think you could hide forever? I knew you were here all along.\" \"Ah my boy, I was going to reveal myself sooner or later, I just had to wait for the right time.\" He said laughing as he playfully flicked his finger under my chin. \"Don't you touch her or any one living under this roof you damn bastard!\" Jonah said in disgust. \"Now you watch your tone\" he said as I felt him grab me by the neck and lift my off my feet as I squirmed choking. Jonah charged at Aickman but before he could reach him, Aickman disappeared. I fell to the ground catching my breath. \"Are you alright?\" Jonah asked \"I'm fine.\" As I finished that sentence I put on my worried face \"What's wrong?\" \"My brother, Oliver you don't think Aickman would hurt him?\" I heard a scream from upstairs me and Jonah both bursted up the stairs to get to Oliver. I found Oliver sitting on the couch holding his knees to his chest. \"Are you hurt what happened?\" I asked frantically \"I was watching tv then that vase thing came flying toward me.\" He started crying as I enveloped him in a hug. \"It's all going to be fine, no one will hurt you as long as I'm around\" Oliver looked up at me \"B-but how w-will run to me in those weird shoes you wear?\" I laughed at his remark \"Don't you worry I will get to you somehow, but remember if I'm not there what do you do?\" Oliver then remembered \"I be brave.\" \"That's right as long as your brave our guardian angel will be there to protect you.\" I kissed his forehead as I went back to my room and he continued watching tv. That's it for chapter 3! I'm so thankful for the reviews and your constructive criticism it helps quite a lot! Chapter 4 is on its way![Chapter 4] i went back downstairs and saw that it was already 11:00, so I put on my pyjamas and went to bed. I felt the room go cold again and I looked up to see Jonah, standing at the bottom of my stairs. I'm not going to lie I though that it was a little strange. \"Uh, Jonah, what are you doing?\" He looked at me and said \"I'm watching over you in case Aickman comes back. Unless you don't want me to protect you.\" I laughed a bit and replied \"No it's ok, but don't you think that you should rather be protecting Oliver?\" He shook his head \"No something tells me that if he wanted Oliver he would have killed him already, I think he only tried to hurt him to scare you. You on the other hand, he actually made an attempt to kill you and I don't think that it will be last time he does so.\" I shivered a little. \"Why do you think he wants me?\" \"I'm not entirely sure, but when he dabbled in necromancy, he found many things he could do to manipulate the dead, including make dead people human again.\" \"You don't think that's what he's trying to do, do you?\" He looked at the floor and said \"Aickman is unpredictable we might as well watch our backs in case he tries to come after one of us.\" \"But why would he come after you?\" \"He knows that my goal is to protect people, that's why I stayed in this house. He knows me well enough to know that I would try protect his targets, so he might try take me out, and if he does, the his targets are vulnerable.\" I though about that 'what if he does take out Jonah, will my life be his to take, what would happen to my family?' All those questions were running through my mind when Jonah said \"By the look on your face I can tell what your thinking, don't worry I made a vow to myself to protect whoever lives under this roof from Aickman. Now I see your tired, get some rest I'll make sure nothing happens to you or your family.\" He said with a gentle smile. \"Thank you.\" I managed to say before I finally fell asleep. August 29, 2004 When I woke up it was 10:30, I walked up the stairs and saw a note on the table \" Stephanie, Oliver and I went to go run some errands, we will be back at about 4:30, you can do whatever until then, love mom.\" After I read the note I made myself some breakfast consisting of egos and orange juice (lazy teenager classic) and then I sat down and turned on the art channel where my favourite opera, La Traviata was playing. I relaxed while I sang the lyrics in my head happily, until I over and saw Jonah with his eyes glued to the screen mesmerized at the sight of the all the performers . \"Have you ever watched an opera before?\" He shook his head, \"No, but there was an old cafe , I doubt it's still open, but it used to always play opera records, I absolutely love the music it's calming in a way.\" \"Watching it onstage is even better than listening to it, but I heard its way better live thank on TV.\" I replied, he nodded. \"Oh this is my favourite part!\" We both watched as the leading soprano belted out sempre libera \"I know you love opera, I was wondering do you sing it?\" I blushed wildly at the question, \"Love singing but I'm not that good. The acts over I'm going to go get dressed.\" Jonah nodded as if to say \"See you later.\" For my outfit I chose a black loose fitting blouse, with a blue under bust corset, black jeans and a floppy black hat. I playfully spun around in my mirror when I all of a sudden came face to face with Aickman. He whispered in my ear \"don't think your safe from me even with that brat of a son protecting you, I have a very special plan for you dear and if you think I won't fulfill it your sadly mistaken.\" I shakingly said \"I'm not afraid of you.\" Aickman laughed \"Stop lying to yourself I can hear the fear in your voice, I know your terrified of me and you know it too, but whether you choose to admit it or not that fear will always be in the back of your mind, and your right to fear me, in fact fear may save your life or you can be fearful and end up like Jonah.\" I was burst out with anger when he made that remark \"You had no right to make him endure that, nobody deserves to endure that, your selfish psychopath who will even label your son as a paranormal freak just to make a quick buck.\" With that he slapped me across the face. \"You better watch your mouth, wouldn't want anything to happen to your precious brother would you.\" With that he laughed and faded into the darkness. I ran up the stairs to tell Jonah what I had seen \"Jonah, please I know your here please come out!\" With that he appeared with a look of concern. \"What happened did Aickman hurt you?\" I nodded \"All he did was slap me in the face, but the worst thing is he threatened Oliver.\" With that I started to cry \"Come here\" Jonah said as he enveloped me in a hug. \"I promised that I wouldn't let Aickman hurt anyone living in this house.\" \"And how do you intend to stop me?\" Aickman said as he appeared with a malicious grin on his face. \"Like this\" Jonah said as flames engulfed him and he went back to the state I first saw him in, he charged at Aickman and pinned him to the ground. \"You will never touch her or her family on my watch.\" And with that he started beating the life out of Aickman until he looked exactly like he did when he died. \"You leave this family alone!\" Jonah yelled as Aickman disappeared into ashes as the floated up into the air. Jonah turned back into his usual human appearance and faced me \"I didn't get rid of him for good, but that should buy us some time. He will be weak for a few days until he gets his energy back.\" I sighed with relief \"Thank you, is there a way to get rid of him for good?\" \"I'm almost positive there is, we just have to find out.\" I nodded \"well in the meantime, we will have to do our research.\" Jonah nodded and disappeared. I was down in my room almost an hour later, when I heard the piano playing upstairs, and decided to investigate. I almost couldn't believe what I saw, Jonah was playing the moonlight sonata perfectly. I started to clap when he suddenly stopped, blushing. \"How did you learn to play like that?\" \"When I went to school there was some nice music teachers who taught me.\" I smiled and sat beside him \"Please feel free to play, I like it.\" \"I'll only play if you sing.\" I started blushing again \"I already told you I don't sing in front of people.\" Jonah smirked and said \"I will only play if you sing.\" I finally gave in \"Fine what song?\" \"What about... That song we heard in La Traviata?\" I though about it \"you mean Sempre Libera?\" He nodded \"That sounds okay, one minute let me get the sheet music for that.\" I came back holding the sheet music in my arms and placing in on the piano. Jonah started to play and I shyly started to sing. It eventually just started to come naturally. Once I hit the final note, Jonah stood up clapping. I playfully curtsied \"Where did you learn to sing like that?\" \"After listening to it for so long I guess I just taught myself.\" I relied blushing more than ever. \"I think your very good. I guess since nobody has said it yet but do you want to be friends?\" I replied without a second thought \"I'm usually anti-people but I'll make an exception.\" We both smiled as we shook hands, and for once in my life I actually liked the thought of not being isolated. I have been so thankful for the reviews! They help a lot, what did you guys think of this chapter? If you have any suggestions for this story feel free to leave them in a review. Chapter 5 should be up soon![Chapter 5] \"So how are we going to get rid of Aickman for good?\" Jonah thought about it \"Well I know that one of the ways to get rid of a spirit is to burn the remains, but then we would have to dig up Aickman's grave, I've done that before back when I was alive, It was not pleasant.\" I nodded \"Not to mention illegal, but if there's no other way to get rid of Aickman, I'm willing to take the chance.\" Jonah looked at me in shock \"If it were my family who were getting terrorized by Aickman I would do the same thing, but there has to be another way to get rid of him\" we both sat in silence until I said \"Well we will have to do our research, and if there isn't another way I'll go dig up his grave and burn the bastard.\" Jonah nodded \"Promise me that you will only do that as a last resort, I don't want you getting arrested trying to fix this mess that was partially my fault.\" \"This is in now way your fault. It's not your fault you were born a medium and that terrible man exploited your gift just to make a quick buck.\" Jonah smiled and nodded \"Thanks, your the first person who's called it a gift instead of labelling me as a 'devil worshipper' or 'paranormal freak' and what not\" I looked at him and smiled and he smiled back. Our conversation was cut short by my mom opening the door and yelling \"I'm home\" Jonah looked and me and said \"That's my cue\" and he disappeared. When I walked upstairs I saw my mom unpacking groceries and Oliver beaming over something \"What do you got there Oliver?\" He turned to me holding a plastic bag containing a fish that was one half rainbow and one half black. \"Do you like it? It's called a beta fish, his name is general black tail.\" He said with happiness \"It's awesome that's a very nice name he has.\" \"I liked him because he was the only one that looked like this. I though he was beautiful and different like you.\" I looked down and blushed \"I'm sorry, did I hurt your feeling by calling you different?\" Oliver said as looked shamefully at the floor \"You and I both know that I like being different, being different makes the world less boring.\" Oliver looked at me smiling. \"Your sister has a good point Oliver.\" My mom remarked I smiled as I went back to my room and waited for dinner to be ready I was sitting in my room talking to Jonah when all of a sudden I heard the sound my mom panicking and an ambulance. I ran up the stairs with Jonah by side, my mom didn't notice and I looked to my side to see that he had disappeared. \"Mom, what's wrong? What happened?\" I asked frantically. My mom faced me with tears flowing down here face and her mascara running. \"Oliver had a seizure we have to follow the ambulance to the hospital.\" With that she started sobbing again. Tears started to flow down my face \"Mom I don't thing you should drive in the state your in, I'll drive for you.\" My mom nodded in agreement. The entire car ride was ominously quite. The only sounds I heard were my mom sobbing. Tears were flowing down my face as I thought of Oliver, I couldn't bear the thought of possibly losing him, I love him so much it's like he's my own kid. I'd feel a bit of comfort of Jonah was here, he protected me from Aickman and calmed me when I was sad 'What are you thinking Stephanie? You can't have feelings for a ghost. If you do then what will happen when you age? He's young forever and it's not like he can actually marry you or something. What am I saying? I'm just frieking out over my brother, and need someone to comfort me that's all.' So many crazy thoughts were running through my head then I came across something 'Oliver's not epileptic, so what could have caused this? Could Aickman have caused this? What could he want so badly that he's willing to harm my family to get it?\" Tears of pure anger and hatred flowed from eyes until we got to the hospital. When we got to Oliver we saw him lying still on the bed, but still breathing \"The cause of your sons seizure is a mystery I'm afraid. We had to put him in a medically induced coma, he should be awake in about a week or so. But the worst is over he will be fine after he wakes up.\" My mom and I nodded in thanks as the doctor left. It's really weird seeing Oliver like this, his blonde hair splayed out making him look like had had a halo, eyes closed, a clam expression on his fair face that was dotted with freckles. It was almost scary seeing him like this, he usually can't sit still, let alone sleep like this, it's almost as though he's dead. My mom looked at me and said \"The doctors are willing to let me stay the night here with him, it's already 10:00 you should catch the bus and go home, I'll drive back in the morning.\" I agreed and kissed Oliver on the forehead and whispered \"I love you, be brave\" and left the room with tears flowing down my face as I went to catch the next bus. When I took my seat I threw my pride out the window and broke down, not caring who saw. The only other man on the bus was a man in about his late 70s, wearing a button down shirt, jacket, dress pants and hat. He looked at me kindly and asked \"Are you alright?\" I looked up at him and replied \"Honestly I'm not. My brother had a seizure and is in a medically induced coma.\" After managing to say that the tears started flowing. \"My name is reverend Popescu, this Sunday we will be sure to pray for your family.\" I nodded in thanks \"My name is Stephanie and I have a question for you, what are the church's thoughts on ghosts?\" Reverend Popescu turned serious \"The church definitely believes that it is possible for spirits to be trapped on earth, why? Is there a problem you think the church could help you with?\" I nodded \"I just moved into the old Aickman house and there are 2 spirits there, one is protecting me from the other, who has tried to kill and has threatened my family.\" Reverend Popescu nodded and replied \"Come to the service on Sunday, and after come find me we will talk about your problem more in depth, and I'm sure that we could assist you in solving your problem.\" I smiled in thanks \"This is my stop, thank you reverend.\" \"I'll be praying for your family, may gods blessing go with you.\" He said with a smile as I left. When I got to my house, I slipped on my pajamas and heard a faint voice saying \"Better watch your back, there are some things not even Jonah can protect you from.\" I shivered at his words \"Jonah please we need to talk.\" With that Jonah appeared in front of me \"I'm sorry about Oliver, I thought I was strong enough to protect you and your family. This is my fault, if I hadn't provoked Aickman like that then maybe he never would have hurt Oliver.\" I saw a single tear fall down his cheek. \"It's alright it's not your fault, I talked with a reverend and hopefully he can help us get rid of Aickman.\" Jonah nodded with tears still falling down his face \"I'm sorry it's against 1920s morales to cry in front of people like this.\" I smiled sympathetically and said \"I don't mind, just remember it's a whole new century.\" Jonah smiled and hugged me. What did you guys think of this chapter? I have been so happy because of the reviews I have been getting! Chapter 6 should be up soon![Chapter 6] August 30, 2004 When I woke up the next morning my mom still wasn't home, I guess she decided to go to work or something. I woke up to Jonah playing Chopin's nocturne no.20. I walked upstairs and he stopped playing \"I'm sorry did I wake you?\" I nodded sleepily \"yeah but it's ok. Go ahead, keep playing.\" He smiled and continued to play. I didn't feel very hungry so I just sat on the couch and turned on the art channel where there was a documentary about Anna Netrebko. Jonah stopped playing and joined me on the couch. \"So you told me you spoke with a reverend, what was his name?\" \"Reverend Popescu, why?\" He looked deep in thought \"The previous family that lived here, the Campbell's, called him when they had issues with the spirits Aickman trapped here. He thought I was the one threatening them so he temporarily removed me, but brought me back when I showed him my story.\" That makes sense. \"Do you think he might help us get rid of Aickman?\" Jonah shrugged his shoulders \"I hope so, then your family can have some peace.\" I nodded \"What happen when Aickman's gone? Does that mean you will leave too?\" Jonah shook his head \"No.\" \"Why?\" \"I have a reason to stay.\" He said with a small smirk \"And what's that?\" Jonah smirked while I rolled my eyes. I decided to go get dressed, for my outfit I choose a lace blouse and red velvet blazer, blue jeans and some antique jewelry. When I went back upstairs I found Jonah once again playing piano. \"Hey Jonah do you think you could maybe teach me how to play?\" He looked at me curiously \"I don't know if I'm the best teacher but I can try, come sit down.\" He slid to the side a little bit to give me room to sit down. \"The first thing you should learn are the basic chords, C,D,E,F,G,A and B.\" He said as he demonstrated the specific chords. I followed his lead and before I knew it I had memorized most of the basic chords. \"Your a fast learner.\" \"Thank you, I've always had a ear for music.\" I replied as I blushed. Before our conversation could continue my mom bursted into the door. I felt Jonas presence fade as my mom opened the door. \"I'm going to visit Oliver do you want to come with me?\" I nodded and followed her into the car. When I saw Oliver again I could see that he was visibly better, the colour had started returning to his face and he looked a little less dead. My mom and I both sat down beside him and took one of his hands. We were both unwilling to try make conversation so I decided to break the silence \"Last night on the bus I met a reverend.\" \"Oh really.\" My mom replied trying her best to sound interested \"I think I'm going to the service on Sunday.\" My mom just nodded. I understood why she didn't want to make conversation, I know I wouldn't have if I was in that position. All of a sudden I felt Oliver grip my hand tightly \"Mom did you feel that?\" My mom had her mouth open in shock and nodded. \"Mom, where am I?\" Oliver said weakly as he opened his eyes. We both held him as tight as we could crying tears of joy. \"You guys are holding me too tight.\" Oliver complained, we laughed at that remark. The doctor came in asking what was wrong \"My son just woke up!\" \"Um well, congratulations I guess. That's honestly kind of odd, he wasn't supposed to wake up for at least 5 days, I suppose it's a miracle. I'll just have to take some tests, but he should be able to go home tomorrow.\" \"Thank you doctor.\" My mom replied \"Stephanie, mom what happened to me? I was asleep for what felt like forever.\" \"You were in a coma, sweetie that's why.\" Oliver looked slightly confused \"Stephanie, why do angels wear suits?\" I looked at him with a look of confusion, \"What do you mean?\" \"When I was asleep I was standing in a graveyard, there was light everywhere and there was and angel wearing a suit, he had black hair, he was pale like you, he had the brightest blue eyes that only angels can have and he was wearing a suit.\" I smiled \"Well I don't know why Angels wear suits, but remember what I said as long as,\" I was cut off by Oliver \"I'm brave my guardian angel will protect me.\" We all smiled \"Stephanie why don't you go home, me and Oliver will come back together tomorrow.\" I nodded in agreement \"Bye Stephanie!\" I waved to Oliver and caught the bus back home. \"Jonah, where are you?\" I called and then he appeared behind me. \"Yeah what is it?\" I turned to him smiling \"Oliver woke up today and told me and my mom that while he was asleep he met an angel that strangely looked like you, do you have anything to do with him waking up?\" I asked \"I hate seeing people sad, especially friends, so I figured it was worth a shot to try help Oliver wake up.\" I hugged him thanking him over and over. He eventually pulled away from the hug and moved his head in to kiss me, I turned my head to the side rejecting his kiss. \"I understand Stephanie, I'm dead your alive, I don't want to end up ruining your life by being with you. It would be selfish of me to do that.\" I thought about it \"Maybe I don't care if you ruin my life, and we can all be selfish sometimes.\" He went in to kiss me again and this time, I let him, he put his arms around my waist and I wrapped mine around his neck and we practically melted into each each other. When he finally pulled away I asked \"Are we still friends?\" He smiled and replied \"We can be more than friends if you want to be.\" I nodded and said \"I'd like that.\" And with that he vanished. What did you guys think of this chapter? Reviews help a lot! Chapter 7 should be coming soon! Sorry this was a short one, but I figured the way it ended was the best way to finish this chapter.[Chapter 7] I heard the door open and I instantly ran up the stairs. \"Mom, Oliver, I'm so happy to see,\" I stood still with my mouth open in shock. The person I saw was a tall man, with light brown hair with specks of grey and a growing beard. \"D-dad?\" He nodded and smiled sadly. \"Hey sweetie.\" He came to hug me but I backed away. \"What on earth are you doing here?\" \"I caught wind that you, your mom and Oliver moved over and I wanted to see my family.\" I could tell by his tone that he had been drinking, that's why we left him. \"Dad, you shouldn't be here, mom wouldn't like it.\" \"I wouldn't like what, oh my god.\" My mom said as she walked in the door, right in the nick of time might I say. \"Oliver honey go up to your room, Stephanie go with him.\" I nodded and followed Oliver to his room. I closed the door and covered his ears so that way he wouldn't have to hear the screaming coming from downstairs. \"Stephanie, why did we have to leave daddy?\" I didn't know how to explain it to him, he was so young and I didn't think he would fully understand \"Daddy couldn't help us with everything the way he used too, he went out too much and wasn't there for us, and mom and dad just didn't love each other anymore.\" \"I understand.\" The screaming went on for what felt like forever until I heard the door slam shut. I looked down to see that Oliver had fell asleep in my lap, I tucked him into bed and went downstairs to see my mom sitting at the table crying. I held her hand and told her it was all going to be alright. \"I have no idea why he would come here, I thought he didn't care anymore.\" That what we had hoped \"Mom, listen you've been through a lot lately, what do say we go look around town tomorrow?\" My mom nodded with a smile \"I'm going to bed now sweetie, I love you. is Oliver in bed?\" \"Yeah, goodnight.\" \"Goodnight\" my mom replied as we both went up to our rooms. As soon as I got down the stairs Jonah appeared. \"What happened I heard screaming?\" \"My dad showed up and my mom was really mad at him, I mean she has a right to be mad he picked up a bad drinking habit and came home drunk every other night, so we finally made the decision to leave him.\" Jonah hugged me while saying \"You made the right decision, a man like that shouldn't be ruining your life like that. If that man ever shows his face here again I'll scare him off before he can even step through the door.\" I smiled and replied \"Thank you. What do say we watch a movie?\" Jonah looked confused \"Have you never seen a movie before?\" Jonah shook his head \"I mean I did watch part of that opera we saw together but that's pretty much it.\" \"Well it's time you did.\" We sat down on my bed and I turned on my computer and turned on 'Moulin Rouge!' He sat beside me his eyes glued to the screen. \"This is as amazing as that opera we watched! I sure missed out on a lot back in the 20s.\" I looked at him shocked \"Are you kidding all I wanted to do was live in the era you did, that's why I dress the way I do. Tell me, what was it like living in the 20s?\" Jonah thought about it for a few minutes \"Well it definitely was different, people sure dressed differently, there wasn't anything near the technology you have today, but the best way to describe it is different.\" I nodded \"Oh this is my favourite part!\" At this point in the movie the two main characters were singing a love duet and it ended with the iconic kiss scene. Jonah turned my head toward his and kissed me again. I felt absolutely electrified. He's different than any other boy I've met, he doesn't act like a pervert like most of the other guys I know, he's affectionate and somewhat shy, nothing like any other boy I've met. To sum it up I think he's a perfect 1920s gentleman. August 31,2004 I hadn't realized I had fell asleep until I woke up. I sat up and looked around, to my surprise I saw Jonah beside me asleep. I smiled and gently shook him awake. \"Oh, did I fall asleep? God, I haven't slept in god knows how long.\" \"Bet it felt good to finally sleep.\" He nodded. I politely asked him if he would leave me to change so I got up to change into a black skirt, Victorian chemise, and a blue blazer. When Jonah reappeared he said \"If I didn't know any better I would have though we were back in the 20s.\" I laughed and replied \"Thank you, I can't spend to much time with you today, I promised my mom I would go out with her.\" Jonah nodded \"Well I guess I will see you later then.\" He said as he wrapped his arms around my waist and kissed me before I went up the stairs. Thats it for this chapter! Chapter 8 should be up soon! Please leave a review they make me so happy![Chapter 8] \"Mom are you ready?\" My mom nodded and said \"Yup, let's go.\" People say I look a lot like my mom, but I don't know about that. She has sandy blonde hair that falls to about the middle of her back, blue eyes and very delicate features, in any other words she's beautiful. My mom gives us a lot of trust since she considers us responsible and mature so we trusted Oliver to stay home by himself, as long as he doesn't go outside and promises to lock all the doors. \"Bye Oliver, we'll be back in a few hours!\" \"Ok mom, have fun!\" Yelled back Oliver as he ran down to take his place on the couch. Me and mom got on the car and drove away. \"I'm really happy we can see what's around town, it'll be fun for you to get out of the house.\" I looked at my mom and smiled \"Yeah after all the stress we've been under you deserve to get away and have a bit of fun.\" \"So is there anywhere in particular you want to go?\" I suddenly remembered the cafe Jonah told me about. \"Well I read about a really cool Cafe that supposedly plays opera music, I'm not sure if it's still open, but can we see if it is?\" My mom thought about it \"I don't see why not. There's also an antique stood that I want to check out, I don't even have to ask if you want to go there.\" I beamed in delight \"Yeah I'm excited, wait a second I think that's the cafe I was talking about!\" I looked out my window and saw a very old building with a sign that said 'La Diva Coffee' it had to be it. We parked the car and walked in. I was honestly surprised it was still open, with it being so old. The minute we walked in I was greeted by the smell of fresh muffins, coffee and the sound of opera music. It was very well kept for such an old place. The walls had creme coloured damask print wall paper, a chalkboard showing the specials, pictures of all the great opera singers and vintage tables and chairs with a small glass vase of roses on each one. We took a seat and my mom commented \"This is quite the nice place, why its so nice I think I might just take a liking to opera music.\" We both laughed at the comment. \"What would you ladies like today?\" Said the waiter. \"I'll have a black coffee please.\" Replied my mom \"I'll have a hazelnut latte please.\" \"Hazelnut latte, thank you ladies, I will be right back with your order.\" Said the waiter whose name turned out was Dean, said to himself as he wrote down our orders and went into the kitchen. \"He's kind of cute don't you think?\" My mom asked \"Mom! He's not bad, but you know me, I'm not really that much of a people person.\" \"Not bad! Are you joking look at him! I'm getting kind of worried about you, all day you just sit in your room, don't you think you should make some friends?\" I shrugged my shoulders \"I will eventually, but I don't know. Ever since dad started drinking and we left him I've just been kind of shaken up. I'm not really ready to face other people.\" My mom nodded \"I understand, but if it would make you more comfortable how would like to start the first semester of this year homeschooled?\" I looked at her in disbelief \"Are you serious?\" My mom nodded \"Your my daughter, and I only want you to be happy, and if it helps you ease into things, I'm willing to do that.\" I smiled \"Thank you so much!\" \"Your welcome sweetie\" \"One black coffee and one hazelnut latte.\" Dean said as he handed us or coffee. Even the cups were adorable. They were antique looking round teacups painted with a pink rose design. They even came with matching saucers! \"Thank you, tell me Dean do you go to high school here?\" My mouth dropped open in shock, my mom was usually never like this around boys my age. \"Why yes I do I'm going to be a senior this year.\" My mom smiled \"That's nice, my daughter Stephanie is going to be a junior this year, maybe you two can get to know each other better.\" I hadn't noticed until now that Dean was looking down my shirt \"Maybe we can, it was nice to meet you.\" He said as he went back to work. \"Mom you can't do that.\" \"And why not?\" \"Did you not notice that the whole time he was looking down my shirt?\" My mom looked horrified \"Well I'm going to show him some Leinmann Thunder right now.\" She said angrily as she got up. 'Leinmann Thunder' is just our family's way of saying we're going to kill you. I grabbed my moms arm \"Mom I don't think that's a good idea, if he does anything again, I'll show him the Leinmann Thunder myself okay?\" My mom nodded as she placed a 20 dollar bill on the table \" Let's go to that antique shop now.\" \"Good idea.\" I thought it would be a good idea to get her out of there before she caused any trouble. When we entered the antique shop I was mystified by ape earthing they had there. They had literally EVERYTHING. I looked around and saw a clothing section, a section for home decor, a furniture section and even a toy section. My mom led me to the home decor section where I saw something not even I could have dreamed up. It was what looked like an advertisement for Jonas séances. It showed a painting of him, sitting at a table with 4 other people with stars and fog surrounding him. The main advertisement said 'Speak to your loved ones once more through the boy clairvoyant'. I tried to look away but I just couldn't, there was something that drew me to it. I finally walked away from to find my mom looking at a painting of a woman from the Edwardian era. \"What do you think of it Stephanie? I was thinking of putting it in the living room, it's for a really good deal.\" I observed it closely, the painting was of a woman wearing a deep blue dress and a black hat, it looked a little too dark to me \"It's nice but don't you think you should find something a bit more colourful?\" My mom thought about it \"Your right oh, I saw a really nice poster that would look really unique.\" Please don't be what I think it is \"This one.\" Of course she found Jonah's poster, great \"Mom don't you thing that's a bit much?\" My mom shook her head \"No, you know I like different things and I think it would look perfect in the living room, so I'm going to get it.\" I rolled my eyes \"Ok, but don't say I didn't warn you.\" Now that I think of it I should have just said I liked the painting. When we got back home I went downstairs to tell Jonah what my mom did. \"Are you serious?\" I nodded, Jonah was killing himself laughing \"I can't believe you let her do that, did they at least get my nose right?\" He said barely holding back laughter. I rolled my eyes \"Very funny.\" \"Aww loosen up a bit, I mean we haven't seen Aickman for days, that's good, and your still going to see reverend Popescu right?\" I nodded \"he's going to help us get rid of Aickman for good, then it can be just you and me.\" I smiled as he went in to kiss me. I guess I didn't hear Oliver coming down the stairs saying \"Stephanie it's time for di, what are you doing?\" I looked at him blushing a red a tomato \"Um when your a girl Oliver, you dream of finding your Prince Charming and having that Disney princess level kiss, so you practice for it so that way you know what your doing. I'll be up in a bit.\" Oliver looked more weirded out than I had ever seen him before \"Ok... Girls are so weird.\" I looked over at Jonah who had once again started to kill himself laughing \"That was not funny at all.\" I said trying to be serious but I just couldn't stop the laughter from coming. We eventually started dying of laughter together. \"I have a question, why couldnt he see you?\" Jonah smirked \"I can make people see and hear me only if I want them to. Now go eat or your mom will think your dead or something.\" \"Ok I'll talk to you later.\" I said as Jonah continued to kill himself laughing. I couldn't help but smile. I loved seeing him happy he of all people deserved it. sorry my chapters have so short lately, I hope this makes up for it. What did you guys think of this chapter? I hope it made you laugh because I sure got a kick out of writing it! Chapter 9 should be coming soon![Chapter 9] When I sat down at the table for dinner Oliver was still looking at me funny, I guess he was still I bit weirded out. \"Honey why are you looking at your sister like that?\" Asked my mom. \"I saw her kissing nothing, she said she's practicing for that 'perfect kiss' every girl wants.\" With that my mom stared laughing. \"Like you've never done it!\" I was probably as red as a tomato. \"It's ok sweetie, every girl does it, she just doesn't admit it.\" We sat in silence for a little bit, until Oliver piped up \"Mom, why did you get that poster?\" \"I think it's unique, and adds colour to the room.\" \"That boy on it, I swear I've seen him wandering around the house.\" I almost choked on my food as Oliver made that remark. Jonah said that he could only be seen or heard if he wanted to be, did he want Oliver to see him? \"That's not possible sweetie, that boy lived in the 1920s, he's dead now. Unless his ghost is wandering around here.\" My mom said sarcastically \"Actually mom I did my research on that poster, and there actually was a boy medium named Jonah who lived here.\" My mom looked somewhat surprised and amazed \"Are you serious?\" I nodded \"Stephanie please tell me your not saying you believe in ghosts.\" I shook my head, lying. \"No, Oliver was probably just day dreaming.\" \"No I wasn't!\" He said looking at me angrily. \"I know what I saw, you guys just won't believe me.\" He said crossing his arms. \"It's ok sweetie, we believe you, but don't go thinking the house is haunted ok? What you saw was probably just a trick of the light.\" Oliver nodded. I excused myself and went back to my room. \"Your telling me, that Oliver was able to see me?\" I nodded. Jonah could not believe what I just said, his blue eyes were wide with surprise and he was pacing the floor. \"How is that possible? You said that people could only see or hear you if you wanted them too.\" He looked puzzled \"I'm not sure, maybe I'm getting weak or something.\" \"Well whatever is happening I'm going to see reverend Popescu in 4 days, I'm sure he'll know what's going on.\" He nodded and kissed me on the forehead. \"Would you look at our two lovebirds.\" We turned around to see Aickman smirking \"Well would you take look at what crawled out of the gutter.\" I spat, Jonah looked at me concerned \"I wouldn't provoke him like that, you don't know what will happen.\" He whispered \"He has a point, I mean look at what happened to Oliver last time I was provoked, and that wasn't the worst I could do.\" I felt anger surge through me \"You hurt him again, so help me..\" I was cut off by Aickman \"Or what, your going to hide behind your little boyfriend, do you honestly thing that reverend can do anything for you. Think about it, your defenceless, there is nothing you can do.\" I hate to admit it but he was right, there wasn't anything I could do, except.. \"Your right there isn't anything I can do, except burn your remains.\" Aickman's smirk vanished from his face \"You would risk that?\" I nodded \"Don't you think for a second that I won't fight for my family.\" Jonah's look of concern grew as I spoke \"Your even more fiesty than you look, it's going to be harder than I thought to use your very soul.\" Jonah lost it \"You will not hurt her! If you even think for a second that I'm going to let you use her for one of your crazy schemes, you're more insane than I originally thought!\" I felt fear consume me as I heard Aickman's words \"Oops, I let that slip. You see my dear, your the centre of my plan.\" \"A-and what's that?\" I asked nervously \"I'm going to need your soul of course, but I'm going to bring myself back to life, and continue my works.\" Jonah lost it again \"Not on my watch.\" He charged at Aickman who disappeared with a smirk. \"What did he mean by that? How can he do that? Is that really possible?\" I asked frantically. I started to panic, but Jonah enveloped me in a protective hug. \"I'm afraid it's possible, but I will not let him do that, I love you Stephanie, and I won't let anything happen to you or your family.\" I nodded \"Jonah, I love you too.\" We both knew that there wasn't a need for any thing more to be said, so we held each other for what felt like forever, until Jonah kissed me and disappeared. He can so mysterious sometimes, maybe it's a ghost thing? I'm not sure, but I like it. I decided to go upstairs to check on Oliver. I knocked on his door and he let me in. I shut the door behind me, he was sitting on his bed reading a captain America comic book, he looked up at me. \"What is it Stephanie?\" \"Listen, about what you said you saw earlier, I need to talk to you about that, but you have to promise me that you will not tell anyone, ok?\" He nodded \"I swear I won't tell, what is it?\" I took a deep breath \"He's real, I've seen him too, he's my friend.\" His mouth hung open in surprise \"So you really believe me?\" I nodded he had a strange look on his face \"Prove it, and I won't tell mom.\" This kid is stubborn \"Fine, do you want to talk to him? He's nice I swear.\" He thought about it for a little while and then nodded \"Ok.\" As if Jonah was listening to our conversation he appeared right after Oliver agreed to meet him. \"Hi Oliver, my name is Jonah.\" He held out his hand to shake Oliver's. Oliver's eyes were wide with a mix of fear and surprise, but eventually he's shook his hand and smiled \"My name is Oliver, I have a question for you, are you an angel?\" Jonah smiled and replied \"No, I'm just a run of the mill ghost who likes to help people.\" Oliver looked confused \"Then why did you save me when I was in the hospital?\" \"Like I said, I like to help people.\" Oliver seemed to understand \"Wow it's so cool meeting a real ghost! I have so many questions for you, can you fly? Do mind us living in your house? Do ghosts have powers? Is it fun being a ghost?\" I cut him off \"Not so fast Oliver.\" \"No it's alright, I'd be happy to answer your questions. Yes I can levitate.\" He said as he floated about 3 feet in the air while Oliver looked at him amazed, then he floated back down to the ground \"No, I do not mind you living in our house, I like the company actually. Some ghosts have more powers than others, but most can levitate, control electric devices and be seen and heard if wanted. But it can be fun to be a ghost, but it depends on where you 'haunt' if you will. I like it here, but some ghosts aren't so lucky, some can be forced to stay places instead of staying willingly like me.\" Oliver nodded \"Will I see you again?\" Jonah smiled \"That depends if you want to be my friend or not.\" Oliver smiled \"Of course I'll be your friend!\" Oliver said running up to Jonah and hugging him \"Well I guess you will me again soon.\"Jonah replied as he slowly disappeared, like I said mysterious. \"Did you like him?\" Oliver nodded \"he's awesome, I can't wait to see him again!\" I smiled as I walked out the door and Oliver continued reading his comic book. As I went back downstairs I found Jonah waiting for me. \"What did you think of Oliver?\" \"He's very sweet, your lucky to have a sibling that nice.\" I laughed \"Sweet? You should see him when he's angry, how would you know? It's not like you had a sibling.\" His face fell \"I did, once.\" \"Oh my god I'm so sorry, I didn't know.\" He smiled sadly \"It's alright, you didn't know.\" I felt bad \"Would you mind telling me about your sibling?\" He looked deep in memory \"He was my little brother, he was about 5 years younger than me, his name was Robert, we all called him Bobby. He looked like a smaller version of me, but the exact opposite of me. He was energetic and outgoing, unlike me, he died when he was five years old, he got the Spanish flu and died 5 days after catching it. That's when my father discovered my ability to see the dead, I saw him passing over to the world of the dead. That's why my father took up necromancy and became so depressed.\" He started to tear up, I teared up a little. How could someone take going through so much? He's one hell of a fighter. I kissed him and when I pulled away I said \"One day you'll see him again, I promise.\" He smiled and disappeared. What is with this guy being so mysterious? I'll never know. sorry I haven't updated in so long, since schools started I haven't really found the time. im not going to quit writing this story, but expect updates to be be more weekly or maybe twice a week if I'm feeling inspired. What did you guys think of this chapter? Chapter 10 is on its way![Chapter 10] September 1st, 2004 I woke up to the sound of a thunder storm. There's something about a storm that calms me, the sound of thunder is almost like music to me, with the pattering of the rain like an orchestra. I got out of bed to see that it was already 9:45, since I'm being homeschooled I don't have to worry about being up early. Since it was raining and I don't plan on going anywhere, I put my hair up in a ponytail and put on some sweats and a flannel shirt. I got myself some breakfast and saw that my mom and Oliver had left. I went back downstairs to start my lesson on my computer. I looked to my side to see Jonah looking at the screen, fascinated. \"School back in the 20s was never so advanced, who do they think kids our age are Einstein?\" I laughed as Jonah looked confused \"It's not that hard, I'm almost done for the day, once I finish we can hang out.\" He nodded and thankfully didn't disappear this time. He stayed with me watching me do my work while asking me questions like \"What kind of stupid mumbo jumbo is this?\" And \"When are you ever going to use this in life?\" He's cute when he's confused. I shut down my computer when I was finished and went upstairs. Jonah followed me and sat down next to me on the couch. After an awkward silence, I said \"I'm bored, do you want to do something?\" \"Like what?\" \"What do you want to do?\" Jonah thought about if for a few minutes \"Can we watch another movie? I really like those.\" I nodded \"Sure which one we have Titanic, Armageddon, Top Gun, oh I think you'll like this one, it's and old movie from the 30s I think, it's called Phantom of the Opera.\" His blue eyes grew wide with excitement \"I read the book, I didn't know they made it into a movie, let's watch it.\" I popped in the DVD and started the movie. Jonahs reactions were absolutely priceless. He spent the whole movie unleashing his inner fanboy, smiling widely at scenes he remembered from the book and telling me what's coming up next. \"Did you like it?\" \"Let's watch it again.\" I laughed at Jonah's reply \"I take that as a yes, but I have the next best thing, it was made into a musical, it's kind of like an opera but not really, I saw a few years ago, and I have the sheet music for it, want try it out?\" Jonah smiled \"Anything for you primma donna.\" I blushed as I led him to the piano. We played and sang for about an hour until Jonah stood up \"Stephanie, I need to tell you something,\" he said as he took my hands in his \"I was serious when I said I loved you, your the only one who was able to make me feel as if I was alive again, I just wanted to know if you felt the same way.\" I was tearing up at his words. My heart was pounding in my chest as I replied \"Jonah I love you too, I feel the exact same, your the only person who's made me not want to be isolated.\" I said as a single tear slid down my face \"Why are you crying?\" I smiled \"Nothing, you know how girls are.\" He laughed as he kissed me and disappeared. That night when I fell asleep I had a very vivid dream. I was on the top of a hill next to Jonah who was dressed in modern day clothes, the thing I noticed was a ring on his left hand. I looked down and saw one on my left hand too. I then realized that we were married. He took me by the waist and kissed me and said \"I love you.\" Before I could say anything, he erupted in flames and everything turned dark. That's when I heard Aickman maliciously saying \"You know this is how it will all end.\" I woke up crying and in no time found Jonah by my side. \"What's wrong?\" \"Bad dream, it's nothing.\" Jonah looked at me with concern \" Stephanie I know that something's bugging you, please tell me what's going on.\" I composed myself and said \"I had a dream that we were married and then everything started on fire and I heard Aickmans voice saying something, I don't remember what though.\" Jonah hugged me and said \"It's alright it's just a dream.\" I swear I felt a tear come from his face, and I know why. Me and him both knew that it wouldn't last, and neither of us wants it to end. He held me until I fell asleep with tears flowing from both of our faces. sorry if this was kind of short, what did you guys think of this chapter? Reviews make me very happy! Chapter 11 on its way![Chapter 11] September 2, 2004 When I woke the next morning I could feel see the sunlight streaming in from my window, I guess I slept in. I looked around sleepily and was treated by Mr. Sunshine himself, Aickman. I rolled my eyes irritated by his presence. \"What is it now?\" \"Just checking on your soul, making sure it's not damaged in any way.\" He said with a sneer. \"That didn't sound creepy at all. What your stalking me now? Can't you just move on?\" I'm usually a bit cranky in the mornings, Aickman being here didn't help very much either. \"I need you for my plan, my dear. Think of it as me preparing to rip your soul out of your body if that sounds any better.\" He said laughing. \"You can't have my soul, I won't let you take it.\" Aickman smirked \"Oh but I can, and I will. Now you see the way you take a soul is to mentally and physically break down its vessel until it cracks. In other words, I break you until you die.\" I knew then that I had to be strong. I had to learn how to fight back. He was wrong, he does not have any right to my soul. \"Listen to me carefully Aickman, I'll learn to be strong, you can't break me.\" \"We will see.\" He said with a sneer as he slowly disappeared. Well that's a creepy way to start the day. I finished my lessons for the day and got dressed. I chose a white lace dress with some vintage gold jewellery and my hair elaborately pinned up. I suddenly noticed something strange, I've been up for a few hours now, Jonah should have came to see me already. \"Jonah come out I know your here!\" This was odd, I hope Aickman didn't do anything to him. He appeared behind me. \"Hi Stephanie.\" \"Where were you earlier?\" I said as I hugged him. For the first time he actually didn't hug me back, he actually pulled away. I looked up to see his blue eyes usually bright with curiosity and love, dark with a sort of sadness, as if he lost someone he loved very much. \"What is it?\" I asked he looked down at the floor as if ashamed \"When you told me about your dream last night, it made me realize that I'm truly ruining you life, and I love you too much to do that. I'm dead and your alive we can't be together, I'm sorry.\" My eyes welled up with tears. \"No, your the first person who's brought me out of isolation, who helped me embrace who I'am, I love you Jonah and I just can't let you go.\" I tried to be strong. Remembering what Aickman said, I can't let Jonah be the very one who breaks me down. \"I love you too Stephanie, and I only want the best for you so I have to say goodbye.\" I saw his eyes well up with tears as he turned away and disappeared. \"No.\" I whispered to myself. I knelt to the floor feeling helpless as I cryed. I sat there for what felt like hours until I found the strength to get up. I had to be strong, I couldn't let anyone break me down. I was sitting on my back porch reading a book when I felt a presence next to me. I turned my head with the smallest hope that it was Jonah but of course it was Aickman. \"I'm not in the mood.\" I said coldly \"Why so cruel? I heard about your little breakup, how does that make you feel?\" Now I admit I'm not the best when it comes to anger, but this is Aickman we're talking about here, I just couldn't keep it in \"Your not my therapist, you leave me alone you son of a bitch!\" He snickered \"Someone's a little flustered today, wonder why? Maybe it's because your little boyfriend, I mean dead ex boyfriend left you.\" I lost it \"I'm not flustered I'm infuriated, your presence her just makes this house a living hell! I was happy for a small amount of time and now it's gone, like everything in my life, my dad started drinking and left, I almost lost one of the few people I genuinely love because of you and I can tell my moms getting depressed and your not helping! So you can leave me alone and can go to hell!\" With that I got up and walked out of the gate. I needed to get away from that house, I started walking down the dirt path with tears in my eyes. I didn't care where I was going, I just needed to leave. After walking for about half an hour I came across the graveyard. I felt a sudden sense of peace as I walked through the the gate. Everything about it was very Victorian. There was an iron fence, statues of angels and beautiful gravestones. I looked down and saw something that caught my eye. 'Jonah Aickman' the gravestone read. It was beautiful. There was a statue of an angel carved out of marble with its arms open wide. I knelt down and started crying softly. \"I love you Jonah, and I don't care if your ruining my life, I will love you until the end of time.\" I whispered before kissing my hand and placing it on the grave. I composed myself and went back home. September 4, 2004 I had only gone a day without seeing Jonah and I missed him. The way he smiled, the way his eyes were so bright. I remembered that I had to be strong and I couldn't let myself be broken down like this. I decided that since mom and Oliver were gone, that I would sing. I went to the piano and started to play. I sand 'wishing you were somehow here again' from phantom of the opera. It seemed fitting for the situation I was currently in. I find that music always makes me feel better if I'm feeling sad, it's a way to show my emotions without having to say anything. As I hit the final note I swear I felt the piercing gaze of a certain pair of blue eyes. I know how his gaze feels, it's different from Aickman's presence because Jonah's gaze feels warm, yet piercing at the same time. I didn't hear the door open because mom and Oliver were clapping. \"How did you learn to sing so good?\" Oliver asked smiling. \"Yeah where did that hidden talent come from? Not from me of course because I can't sing if I tried.\" I smiled, blushing as red as a tomato. \"I guess after listening to the music for so long it just kind of came naturally.\" I put my hair behind my left ear as I always do out of habit when I'm embarrassed or flattered. \"Oh yeah I saw a poster that said that there s going to be a goats wood talent show, auditions are on Monday, are you interested?\" I thought about it, it would be a good escape from my situation \"Sure, it sounds like fun.\" My mom smiled like one of those pageant moms you see on T.V. \"Oh my god we'll get to go dress shopping and oh Oliver your going to need a tux.\" Oliver groaned at that comment \"And we can get out hair and makeup done,\" I cut her off \"We don't even know if I'm going to make it calm down.\" \"With a voice like yours, your definitely going to make it.\" I smiled and went back downstairs to find a lipstick message on my mirror saying 'I love you and I wish we could be together, please forgive me for all the pain I've caused, I understand if you never want to see me again.' I whispered his name and he shockingly appeared. I hugged him but this time he just seemed surprised and didn't pull away. 'I said it once and I'll say it again, I don't care if you ruin my life, I love you.\" I hugged me back and replied \"I love you too, but we just can't do this.\" \"We'll find a way.\" He kissed me then disappeared. I'm going to assume that means we're good now. I hope... thats it! I hope you guys like this chapter, I looked back at chapter 10 and realized that it wasn't my best work so I hope this makes up for it. I made myself promise that I would finish this story so if you don't see updates for this story for a while don't worry it will get finished eventually. Chapter 12 is on its way![Chapter 12] I was cleaning my mirror when all of a sudden I felt Jonah's presence behind me. For a few minutes we looked into each other's eyes for a fee minutes in silence. His eyes are the most beautiful, purest things I have ever seen. They make him look almost angelic with their striking icy blue colour, that's how I knew he wasn't evil, no evil presence has eyes like that. \"I'm sorry Stephanie for hurting you like that, the only reason I did,\" I cut him off \"You don't need to apologize, I understand.\" Jonah looked down as if ashamed \"I just don't want to have to be without you, there was only one girl who made me feel the way you do, but she was around back when I was alive. I love you to much to be without you.\" I felt so touched by his words, then I realized that I didn't want to live without him either. \"I love you too Jonah, I don't want to live without you either, I don't know how we'll do it, but we will find a way to be together.\" Jonah smiled and vanished. I was taking off my makeup when I saw Aickman behind me in the mirror, smirking. \"I know your trying to be creepy, but all your doing is getting annoying.\" I said rolling my eyes \"Got to break you down somehow, I guess Jonah's love for you is too strong for him to possibly bring you down, so I guess I might just have to break something.\" I gasped as he picked me up by the neck and threw me into the wall. \"You'll just see how scary I can be.\" His face turned dark as he picked me up by the neck again and lifted me off my feet. I realized that I had to fight back somehow if I wanted to live ( and keep my soul ) I thought about everything that I had read and seen in TV and movies. Wait, iron wards off ghosts right? I looked to the side where my hair brush was, some parts of it were made of iron, I reached to grab it as Aickman's grip tightened. \"Trying to escape, well you will escape, when you finally die.\" He has the worst comebacks ever. I gripped the hair brush and swung it through him with all my might. He vanished with a startled look on his face, and I dropped to the ground. I felt a sense of triumph as I sat there. 'Finally I have a way to fight back, I'm not completely helpless.' I thought. Jonah appeared and helped me get up. \"It was Aickman wasn't it?\" I nodded \"I'll send him straight to hell right now,\" I stopped him \"Remember what happened last time you aggravated him, I' want to get rid of him as much as you do, but I'm scared he'll try to hurt mom or Oliver again.\" He nodded \"Listen I'm not sure if you know but Aickman wants to take my soul.\" Jonah's eyes widened in surprise and anger. He clenched his fists \"I won't let him, we will get him out of this house before he can lay a finger on you.\" \"He said that the only way he take my soul is to physically and mentally break down its, I don't know what you call it 'vessel' I think, until I,\" I took in a deep breath \"Until I die.\" Jonah enveloped me in a hug \"I figured out a way to fight back, if I strike him with anything made of iron, he'll go away.\" He looked down at me and smiled \"I knew you were strong, my little what's it called, badass?\" He said 's so cute trying to talk like he comes from the 21st century \"Your adorable.\" He disappeared. I have to have a serious talk to him about how mysterious he is. I went upstairs to find mom browsing through sheet music. \"Mom what are you doing?\" She looked up \"Trying to find the right piece for my little diva to sing.\" I sat down in front of her \"Alright first thing don't call me 'little diva', but what do you have in mind?\" \"It's from Phantom of th Opera, because you sing it so well, I was thinking you could sing music of the night.\" I nodded \"We can try it.\" She went to piano and I stood beside her. She began to play and I started to sing. The whole time I swear if felt Jonah watching me. Once we finished, my mom stood up and hugged me \"No question, that's the one you should sing.\" I told her I would and then went downstairs for the night. About half an hour later, I heard Oliver come down the stairs \"Can I see , pretty please.\" I nodded \"If I can get him to come out.\" I called Jonah's name and he appeared in front of us. \"Hello Oliver.\" Oliver looked at Jonah seriously \"I have a ghost problem, every night I see a man standing in my closet door, he just stands there watching me. I was wondering if you could politely ask him if he would go away.\" Jonah's smile disappeared \"I will Oliver, don't worry about him.\" He said with a fake sense of assurance. I grew tense at the thought of Aickman being that close to Oliver, what if he tries to hurt him again? \"Thanks, that's it, the backyardigans are going to be on soon.\" He smiled and waved as he ran up the stairs. Jonah turned to me with a alarmed expression on his face. \"When are you going to see that reverend?\" \"Tomorrow.\" Jonah nodded with a sense of relief \"Good, he's been her before, I'm confident he can help us.\" \"I hope so.\" Jonah hugged me as I fell asleep. sept. 5, 2004 I woke up early to get ready to go to the service. I chose a lavender dress with my hair curled and a simple string of pearls. Since it was Sunday Oliver and mom were still asleep so I wrote a note saying ' I decided to go to a service at the church today, I will probably be back at about 11:00.' I left it on the kitchen table and went out the door. We only had one car, so I decided to walk. The church wasn't far from our house anyways. When I entered the church, I was greeted by a very calm feeling. The church looked like any other church would, with pews and stained glass windows. There were a few families already seated, so I chose a seat at the back. I saw reverend Popescu step behind the altar and started preaching. I actually quite enjoyed the mass, he threw in occasional jokes, sarcasm and overall kept the mood light. At one point we were allowed to light a candle for someone we loved. I chose to light one for Jonah, I'm not particularly religious, but I figured it couldn't hurt. Once everyone left I approached reverend Popescu and he turned to me smiling \"I remember you, you were the girl on the bus, the one with ghost problems am I right?\" I nodded \"Yes, I was hoping we could discuss this in greater detail.\" He nodded \"Of course, come with me to my office and I will see if I can help you.\" I followed him into my office and he beckoned me to take a seat. \"So have you received any kind of threats from the spirits in your home?\" I shifted a little in my seat, I nodded \"Yes, the old man, Aickman he wants to take my soul.\" Reverend Popescu's eyes widened in surprise \"Did he say how he planned to do that?\" \"Yes, he says in order to take my soul he has to mentally and physically break me down until my 'vessel' breaks down and dies.\" He nodded, I hadn't noticed that the whole time he was writing all this down in a journal. \"I believe that I can help you, I will come to your house tonight to see if I can get rid of this malevolent spirit.\" I sighed with relief \"Thank you, The younger ghost, Jonah, I just want you to know that,\" he cut me off \"He isn't evil, I know, I will be there at 10:00 if that's alright with you?\" I nodded \"That would be great, thank you so much.\" He tipped his hat as I walked out. That night, mom and Oliver decided to go see a movie, since Oliver had the day off tomorrow. Perfect, now it will be so much easier for me to get rid of Aickman. Jonah appeared in front of me \"I feel like something's going on, what is it.\" I smiled \"I went to see the reverend today, he'll be here in 10 minutes to try help us get Aickman out of the house.\" Jonah smiled looking deep in thought \"I remember him, he actually thought I was evil, and tried to remove me, I showed him my story, like I did to you. He brought me back and he kind of helped the family who lived here before get rid of the malevolent spirits.\" We sat there waiting in anticipation until I heard a knock on the door. I opened it to see Reverand Popescu standing there holding a brief case \"Let's get to work.\" thats it! I'm seriously considering writing another fix about Haunting in Connecticut once I'm finished this one! I'm sorry I'm not able to update as much as I used to, but I have cross country and am busy with school. I will be finishing this story because it makes me really sad when I'm reading a really good story and they don't finish it. I hope you guys liked this chapter, and chapter 13 should be up by next week![Chapter 13] As reverend Popescu walked through my door, he looked just as Jonah had, deep in memory. \"It feels almost empty now, well I guess it has been almost 20 years since the last time I was here. The boy, Jonah, is he here?\" I nodded. He came into the kitchen and placed his briefcase on the table. There were various strange objects in there, I saw a metal cross, holy water, a brightly coloured scarf, a feather and ashes, I'm not sure I want to know where those came from. \"Alright Stephanie, you said that there was a troublesome spirit residing here?\" \"Yes.\" He looked around the room as if looking for some sign of him. \"Now I'm going to ask you to do whatever I say, no matter how strange, can you do that for me?\" I nodded. \"Now I devised a plan that's most likely going to get rid of this spirit, but we're going to need Jonah, can you make him come out?\" I looked to my side seeing that Jonah was already there \"Can you make yourself visible to him?\" He smiled and nodded. When Popescu saw Jonah he looked as if he was seeing an old friend. \"Hello reverend, what's your plan?\" Jonah said with a smile. \"I have a question for you, I know that since you were a medium when you were alive are you still able to channel you abilities?\" Jonah looked confused \"Of course I can, why?\" Popescu looked a little bit shameful. \"Well I've seen this demonstrated in another investigation many years ago. We're going to reanact one of your seances.\" I was shocked, I saw how much pain it caused Jonah in the past, I couldn't let him go through that again. I was about to say something but Jonah gestured for me not to \"Stephanie, I've seen what reverend Popescu has done before, I trust him, and I'm willing to do anything to protect anyone living under this roof.\" I nodded. I'm unsure what's going to come of this, but I have to try get rid of Aickman once and for all. \"Continue with your plan.\" \"If we can get Jonah to channel this malevolent spirit, we can use this to send him to hell through a ritual, but you have to do everything I say, or it won't work agreed?\" Me and Jonah nodded. \"First we join hands.\" I could feel the tension in Jonas grip, I squeezed back harder. \"Now Jonah if you don't mind, please try your best to channel this spirit.\" Jonah bowed his head exactly as he did in the vision he showed me. I could see the images from the past and the present merging together, Jonas eyes squeezing shut, his grip tightening and finally his head violently swinging back and then hitting the table. I never though I would see anything like this in my life, ectoplasm was seeping out of Jonas mouth and his eyes were wide open in fear. Popescu jumped up and got the magnets from his briefcase. \"Take his other hand now!\" I did as I was told. He stood behind Jonah as I started to see a black smoky substance come out along with the ectoplasm. \"It's his spirit, I have to do the ritual now, or it won't work. Don't let go of his hands no matter what!\" I was terrified. I never though I would see Jonah like this, seeing it in the vision was bad enough in real life, it was worse. Popescu started to mutter some chant in a strange language I didn't understand, the smoke was starting to expand, when all of a sudden strange writing appeared on the wall. I've seen this before, in the vision of that boy setting the original house on fire, did this mean Popescu's plan was working? I looked at Popescu, he held the magnets above his head and he started to direct the smoke down to the table. I saw the table glow with a fiery pentagram as Popescu drove the smoke into it. \"Now go to hell!\" Popescu yelled as the smoke disappeared and the room went back to normal. I looked up to see reverend Popescu packing up his bag and Jonah catching his breath. \"It's over, if there is anything happening around the house it's just the aftershock of this spirit leaving. Good night.\" I ran up behind him and hugged him \"Thank you so much, I don't know how I could ever repay you.\" \"Just doing gods work, now goodnight.\" He tipped his hat and walked out the door. I ran to Jonah who was sitting at the table exhausted. \"Are you alright?\" He nodded with a relieved smile \"Yeah, it's over now, we don't have to worry anymore.\" I sat there holding his hand for a while until he found the strength to stand up. I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him with all the passion I could. He wrapped his arms around my waist and eventually pulled away. \"It's over, we don't have to worry anymore.\" \"I love you Stephanie.\" \"I love you too.\" When I was getting ready to go to bed that night I couldn't help but think of the audition tomorrow. I started to pace around as I do when I get nervous, and eventually called for Jonah. \"What is it?\" I told him about the audition and how nervous I was \"it's alright you have the voice of an angel, your going to be great.\" I smiled \"Thanks but I'm not so sure how I'll do singing in front of a big audience, I'm so used to being alone and well, I'm pretty shy to be honest with you.\" He smiled and hugged me \"I promise you that your going to be sensational, I promise you.\" I smiled knowing he felt that way \"I just would feel so much better if you could be there.\" I looked up to see him smirk and disappear. What kind of mischief does he have planned? It was about half an hour later when mom and Oliver got home. My mom tucked Oliver into bed and came to talk to me at the table. \"Are you nervous for your audition tomorrow?\" I nodded \"Don't be, you have the voice of an angel, just remember to be up by 8:00 to get to the theatre for your audition. And be sure to look nice, I read somewhere that if you look presentable, your more likely to land the job, how do you think Britney Spears got famous?\" We laughed for a while at my moms joke \"Alright, tomorrow morning 8:00 sergeant Leinmann.\" I saluted jokingly my mom saluted back \"Now get to bed soldier, you have a busy day ahead of you.\" very sorry about not updating sooner, I had a bit of writers block. I hope you liked this chapter and sorry it was so short, I figured that it would kind of drag on if it was too long. Well that's all, chapter 14 should be up soon![Chapter 14] I woke up to the sound of rain pattering against my window, and a sudden crack of thunder. I smiled to myself because this was my favourite kind of thing to hear. I looked at my clock and saw that it was 5:00 in the morning. That's odd, I don't usually get up this early and I had an alarm set for 7:00. I was about to go back to sleep when I felt a rush beside me, as if someone was running by. That's certainly not like Jonah, and Aickman's burning in hell, so who could it be? I looked at the foot of my bed to see a pair of crystal blue eyes peeking out at me. I creeped closer only to see this strange visitor pop down out of my view. \"Don't worry I'm not going to hurt you.\" I said gently. I'm used to having spirits around me, and I had a feeling that this one didn't have any evil intent. I looked over the edge of my bed to see that no one was there. I shook it off and layed back down. I was about to turn off my desk lamp when I saw the same pair of blue eyes staring back at me. This time I was able to get a clear view of him. He had jet black hair, pale skin and, those eyes, they look like Jonah's only with more of a greeny tone. I then remembered him talking about his brother, Bobby. I looked at him with my mouth dropped open in astonishment. He smiled and waved at me. \"Bobby?\" He looked at me in sheer amazement \"How do you know my name? Can you read minds? What am I thinking now?\" I laughed \"No but, I've heard of you.\" He shook my hand \"Nice to meet you, uh what's your name?\" \"My name is Stephanie Leinmann.\" He stood up straight \"My name is Robert Thomas Aickman, it's a pleasure to be in your aquiantance.\" He bowed and started laughing \"That's how mother said were supposed to introduce ourselves.\" I smiled at him \"Well I think that you are a very polite young gentleman.\" He beamed at me proudly \"Just taking after my brother, I used to see him practicing saying that in the mirror, he looked really funny.\" I laughed thinking about it, then I thought about Jonah. I was about to say something when Bobby cut me off \"Well got to go, see you later.\" He waved turned around and disappeared. I layed there thinking about how this was possible. I remember Jonah saying that he saw him move on, and I'm positive I would have seen him around the house if he was here before. I can't wait to tell Jonah about this, he'll be so happy. I switched of my lamp and went back to sleep I have one hell of a day ahead of me. When my alarm finally went off, I could still hear the rain, which calmed me down. I had never been so nervous in my life. I could already feel the butterflies in my stomach, when I climbed out of bed I almost felt like my legs were going to give out from under me. I went upstairs to find my mom making breakfast and Oliver sitting at the table looking grumpy and tired. I ruffled his hair and said \"Looks like someone got on the wrong side of the bed today.\" He swatted my hand away and replied with a grunt. My mom gave me my plate which consisted of chocolate chip waffles with syrup and blueberries, my favourite. \"Thanks mom.\" \"Only the best for my little prima donna.\" I laughed and Oliver just poked at his breakfast. \"Now you have to drink a lot of water, and make sure you don't eat anything before your audition.\" I nodded as my mom kept going through the quote unquote 'schedule', while Oliver just looked half asleep. It was a day off because of some artsy holiday celebrated in goatswood, that's why the auditions are being held today, and I guess Oliver's not to happy about missing his day off. I excused myself and went to get dressed. Since my mom said that I have to look acceptable if I wanted to be taken seriously, I chose a light pink lace dress with a cameo necklace and a few crystal chain bracelets. I intricately pinned up my hair and put on a small amount of makeup. If felt nice not to be constantly looking over my shoulder for Aickman, or worry that he would poke me in the eye with a mascara wand. I looked over my shoulder to see Jonah smiling at me. \"You look beautiful.\" He hugged me and kissed me softly. \"Thank you, my mom said that I have to look acceptable to be taken seriously.\" He smiled \"i promise they're going to love you.\" I suddenly remembered Bobby. \"We need to talk.\" I led him over to my bed and sat him down. \"You know how you told me that you had a little brother, Bobby?\" He nodded \"Well this morning I saw him, he seemed to feel new to his surroundings, do you have any idea how he got here?\" I looked at Jonah who was smiling and tearing up. \"I can't believe it, my brother came back. I think I know how he got here, when reverend Popescu sent Aickman away, another soul from heaven had to traded in to send him to hell, so we basically traded Aickman for Bobby.\" I smiled and hugged him. I looked over my shoulder to see Bobby standing there smiling and also tearing up. He ran over to Jonah and hugged him. \"Big brother! I thought I would never see you again!\" \"It's alright Bobby, you don't have to worry, I'm here now.\" I started to tear up seeing this. It made me so happy that Jonah finally had his true family back. I put on my white pumps and got into the car, Oliver no longer looked grumpy and my mom looked stunning. Her sandy blonde hair was curled, she had on minimal makeup and she was wearing a nice white blouse with blue jeans. \"Mom I swear that they're going to mistake you for my sister.\" My mom started to laugh and replied \"Awwww thanks sweetie, now we have to get there or were going to be late.\" We drove along the road until we stopped at the theatre. I was beautiful, it was white with pillars and statues and had a glass roof. When we walked in I saw that the ceiling was painted with angels with harps and the walls were decorated with portraits of famous composers. There was a grand staircase leading up to the theatres and we were greeted by a man in a suit. \"Here for the audition I presume?\" We nodded \"Here's your number, now go up the stair case and someone will direct you backstage to wait.\" We thanked the man and followed a woman in a black dress backstage where I axiom sly waited for my name to be called. I had a fairly good view of the stage from backstage, I could see an orchestra in the pit, and a few seats filled. Onstage I could hear a guy playing guitar and singing 'your song' by Elton John. When he was finished I heard my name called and I walked out onstage. When I walked out I could see that mom and Oliver had already taken their seats and a spotlight was shining down on me. The conductor of the orchestra asked if I wanted musical accompaniment, I told him the name of my song and the orchestra started to play the intro. It really felt real now, with the orchestra playing, a microphone in my hand and a few people in the seats. I looked at one in particular, and realized that he looked very familiar. Shit! It was Dean, he was looking at me impressed, and I realized that he was the guy who was onstage before me. I decided that I wasn't going to let him make me nervous, so I sang with all my might. Once I finished, I saw my mom tearing up, a few people talking to each other and even the conductor looked impressed. The conductor thanked me and told me that my results would be mailed to our house in a week. I bowed and took my leave. I hope you guys liked this chapter, I decided to update a bit sooner than usual to make up for being late last chapter. I'm really liking how this story is coming along and chapter 15 should be soon![Chapter 15] When I got off stage I felt someone grab my arm, I looked to my side to see Dean. \"I just wanted to let you know that you were great.\" I smiled nervously and replied \"Thanks I should go find my mom and brother,\" I tried to leave but he still had hold of my arm \"Sorry, but I just wanted to ask you if you wanted to hang out at some point at the cafe, I mean I haven't seen you at school,\" I jerked my arm away and quickly said \"Um maybe, I have quite the schedule you see, uh, maybe.\" I ran away before he could say anything else. I found mom and Oliver in the foyer and my mom practically tackled me in a hug. \"You were great sweetie, whether you make it or not, I'm very proud of you.\" \"Thanks mom.\" Oliver looked at me dazed \"Your much better than that guy trying to sing Elton John, he sucked.\" My mom covered his mouth to make him shut up \"Now you can't say that sweetie.\" \"Why?\" Oliver replied \"Um mom, he's right there, I think he heard Oliver lets go.\" I saw Dean waving from the other end of the foyer and I hurried mom and Oliver out and into the car before he could talk to us. \"Are you ok Stephanie, you seemed a little bit shaken up by that boy.\" We were about half way down the road once my mom broke the silence. \"Um well you remember that boy from the cafe, Dean?\" My moms face went serious \"Ugh, that creep?\" I nodded \"he asked me if I wanted to hang out at the cafe and I said no. That guys gives me bad vibes.\" My mom nodded in agreement. Oliver looked a little bit confused \"Why is wannabe Elton John a creep?\" Me and mom looked at each other not knowing how to explain this to Oliver. \"Well Oliver, he's just a really weird guy.\" Oliver nodded still looking confused. We kept driving until we reached the house. Once we got back I went downstairs to find Jonah and Bobby \"How did it go?\" \"I think it went well, we have to wait a week to see the results.\" He hugged me and said \"I'm proud of you Stephanie. I have a gut feeling that your definitely going to make it.\" Bobby was sitting on my bed swinging his legs which were dangling off the edge. He got off the bed, ran up to me and hugged me. \"I have no idea whatsoever what's going on but I'm proud too.\" \"Thanks Bobby.\" He looked up at me smiling. \"Stephanie I think you might want to get to know Bobby a little bit better, since it's probably a little bit weird with a random new spirit running around. Bobby do you want to tell her your story?\" Bobby nodded and sat down. \"When I was born our family was a very rich and respected family. We got to go to parties, we had a lot of friends and my mommy was best friends with the mayors wife. That all changed when she died. I was only four years old and Aickman went insane. He started to run the mortuary which in turn made our family lose its status. When I died Aickman discovered my brothers ability to see spirits. I went to heaven and had to watch my brother die and be trapped here until someone did something. I also watched Aickman go to hell, and an angel in a trench coat told me that if I wanted to be with Jonah now was my chance. I desperately wanted to see my brother so I took the chance. Now I'm here.\" I couldn't help but notice how he called his father Aickman, did he really go that insane? \"I'm sorry you had to go through all that. Just remember that this is your house too, our home is your home.\" Bobby's face lit up \"Thanks I like it here, I have my brother, you and another little boy I can play with.\" I just remembered Oliver, he'd love to meet Bobby. \"Of course Bobby, I think that you'll be very happy here. When I was getting ready for bed, I saw Jonah in the mirror come up behind me and hug me. \"How do you like Bobby?\" I smiled \"Seeing you two reunited makes me happy, and I think it will be fun having him around.\" He put his hands around my waist and put his head on my shoulder. \"That's good.\" It made me more than happy to see the two brothers united, and I think Bobby will be a nice addition to the houses residents. \"I remember Bobby saying that Aickman went insane, I don't want to pry, but what happened?\" Jonah's face fell. \"I love you and I guess you deserve to know. Well my mom and Aickman were a very happy couple, and very well liked by everyone in goatswood. I never told Bobby this with him being so young, but one night she was walking home from her friends house, and she was raped and murdered. Her body was thrown into an alleyway. My dad found her the next day. After her funeral, he started the mortuary and got abusive, he beat us with every opportunity, I took the fall for most of it because I wanted to protect Bobby. But when he died, I saw him get taken into heaven and that's how Aickman discovered my ability to see the dead. He made me do a seance 4 times a week, and I was hoping it wouldn't come to this, but after one of my final attempts to run away, I attempted suicide, but I was stopped by the spirit of my mom telling me to carry on. The next day, the spirits got me.\" Tears were running down my face the whole time, and I couldn't believe that he went through so much, I don't know how he could bear it. \"Oh Jonah I'm so sorry.\" I buried my face into his chest and started sobbing. He put his hand on my head and held me close \"It's alright, I have my true family, and my true love, that makes it worth it.\" I looked up at him and smiled \" Ich leibe dich. \" Jonah looked at me confused \"what did you say?\" \"It's German for I love you. My dad was born in Germany and always used to say that to me before he started drinking.\" Jonah looked down at me and smiled \" ich habe auch liebe dich.\" That's odd I didn't know he spoke German \"How did you know that?\" Jonah smiled \"My moms side of the family was from Germany, she taught me some German.\" He kissed me and then disappeared. Thats it! Sorry it was kind of short, I just didn't want it to drag on for too long. I just want to clarify that I don't plan on Bobby being evil (don't worry black boots and skinny jeans) but I do plan on him playing a fairly large part in the story. I hope you guys liked this chapter and chapter 16 should be up soon! Happy early Thanks Giving, ( I'm Canadian so we celebrate it at this time of year) chapter 16 is on its way![Chapter 16] Sept. 14 2004 \" Stephanie, Stephanie, wake up?\" I heard my mom softly saying as she gently shook me awake. I swear I felt like I was back in elementary school. I looked at my clock to see that it was 7:37. I sat up groggily and rubbed my eyes tiredly. \"Mom what is it?\" My mom had the biggest smile I've ever seen on her face. She held up a white envelope with a fancy crest on it. I suddenly remembered that today was the day that the letter saying if I got in the talent show came in the mail. \"Oh yeah, the letter thingy, wait why were you at the mailbox so early?\" My mom had been practically itching to get this letter, I swear she was more anxious than me to find out the results. \"I was excited, here I want you to open it.\" She handed me the letter and I carefully opened it. It read, ' Congratulations, we are very pleased to say that you, Stephanie Leinmann are invited to participate in the 100th annual goatswood talent show.' I was cut off by my mom \"What did I say? I told you that with a voice like yours that they'd be stupid not to want you.\" I smiled and hugged her. Now that I think of it, I'm genuinely excited about performing in this. \"Keep reading.\" My mom said after letting me go. ' the date of the performance will be October 20th, and we will be having a meeting this Saturday, where we will discuss all the details of the performance. Sincerely, Hope Beaton.' My mom let me go back to sleep and went to go get Oliver ready for school. About 2 hours later I looked to my side to see a pair of big blue eyes staring at me. I could immediately tell it was Bobby. \"Hi.\" \"I knew you would make it, my brother says your really talented.\" He jumped on my bed and hugged me. \"Aw, thanks Bobby.\" I felt Jonas presence form beside me, and I looked over to see him smiling. \"I told you that they would want you.\" I wasn't used to this kind of praise. I'm used to being that girl no one notices, the kind that keeps to herself,ndefinetly not what I'm feeling right now. \"Thanks you guys, now that I think of it, I'm getting really excited for this.\" He smiled \"You should be, your going to be the best one there.\" Bobby nodded in agreement. \"Can I tell her now?\" I was confused \"tell me what?\" Bobby opened up his mouth to talk, but Jonah covered it with his hand to shut him up. \"Not now Bobby, it's a surprise remember?\" Now I knew that they were causing some sort of mischief. \"Your not hiding something from me are you?\" I asked suspiciously. I heard Bobby's muffled voice under Jonas hand \"No nothing at all.\" Jonah smiled trying to look innocent. I signed as Jonah disappeared taking Bobby with him. Now I wonder what those two are up to. I decided to get dressed, since it was a somewhat significant day, I chose to wear my favourite white dress with my hair curled. The day dragged on as usual with me doing my school work online and since my mom most likely would go all crazy pageant mom on me, I started practicing for my act. At 3:00, (roughly the time mom and Oliver come back home) I heard my mom yell from the door \"Come on Stephanie, we have to run some errands!\" I got off the piano and got into the car. \"where are we even going?\" My mom had that gleam in her eye she always gets when's she's planning something \"We're going to get you a dress for the talent show.\" Oliver didn't seem to pleased with our destination. \"Mom it's ok I can just wear one I already have.\" \"Nonsense, I want to get you a nice formal gown, like your opera singers wear.\" I nodded in agreement, I just hoped that we could find something at a decent price. Since my mom was the only one working, money was tight, and we most certainly didn't have the money to gallop around in five hundred dollar dresses. We parked in front of a dress store near and ice cream shop. I could already see the hunger in Oliver's eyes. \"Come on Oliver, let's go find a dress.\" My mom said practically dragging Oliver out of the car by his hand. When we entered the dress store I was almost blinded by sparkle. There were countless racks of dresses, in any colour you can imagine, racks of jewelry and tiaras, gloves, shoes and practically anything you could imagine. We were approached by a small elderly woman with a measuring tape hanging on her neck like a scarf, with glasses. \"How may I help you ladies and gentle man today?\" I noticed that she had and English accent. \"We're here to find a dress for my daughter.\" The old woman turned her head toward me. \"Hello dear my name is Hazel, now what occasion is this dress for?\" \"I'm singing in the goatswood talent show, my name is Stephanie by the way.\" \"A singer huh, I used to sing when I was your age, now is there a colour preference?\" I looked at my mom who gestured me to go on. \"Either a dark royal blue or black.\" My moms eyes almost bulged out of her head when I mentioned black. Well it was my performance, I should at least be able to pick my dress. Hazel's eyes lit up \"follow me, I have the perfect dress for you.\" We followed her to the back of the store where she handed me a black ball gown was she with a sweetheart bodice covered with an overlay of lace accented with royal blue crystals, a big poofy skirt bustled in the back and the whole thing was made of black satin. I could only imagine the price of this thing, but it was worth trying it on. \"Now you may need my help dear, it has a corset in the back,\" I nodded and she followed me into the change room. I took off my white dress and Hazel allowed me to step into the dress. \"Now you see, many of the dresses in this store I make myself, so there would be nothing else like this.\" \"That's amazing.\" The change room had mirrors all around so I was able to see her smile as she laced up the dress. \"Are you used to corsets?\" I nodded \"Wow, I don't have very many customers who are in fact used to corsets. There we're finished. Now close your eyes and put on these.\" I felt her hand me silky gloves and put them on. It was as if she could read my mind, as they were opera length. I could also feel her put a heavy necklace around my neck. \"There your stunning, you can open your eyes now.\" I could barely believe what I saw in the mirror, for once in my life, I felt beautiful, I did a few twirls as Hazel looked at me smiling. \"A true primmadonna, in my shop, who would have known?\" When I stepped out my moms jaw dropped, even Oliver stopped playing with his action figure to look up at me speechless. \"Oh my goodness you look stunning.\" Oliver looked dazed \"you look like a princess.\" He ran up to me and hugged me, almost getting lost in the pickups of the skirt. \"How much is it?\" My mom asked nervously \"For a girl as stunning as she is, it's hers, no charge.\" My mom looked even more surprised \"But I can't just.\" She was cut off by Hazel \"No, No, All I ask is that you save me a seat at the talent show.\" She said with a wink \"Thank you so much. We will make sure you get that seat, front row too.\" My mom said with tears in her eyes. \"But I will charge you for the gloves and necklace, if she wants them.\" \"How much for them?\" I asked \" the necklace and gloves are both buy once get one half off, so that is a total of twenty dollars.\" I looked at my mom \"Of course we'll take them.\" I hugged hazel and my mom. \"Thank you so much hazel, you have no idea what this means to us.\" I turned into the change room to take off the dress and other accessories. I brought them to hazel who put them in a large pink bag while my mom paid for the gloves and necklace. I thanked hazel again and we went back home. When I returned to the basement Jonah looked confused \"Where were you?\" \"I just got this!\" I held up the dress so he could see \"Go put it one, I want to see it on you.\" Once I came out of the bathroom Jonah had that same look of awe as my mom. I did a few twirls for him \"Oh my god Stephanie never have I ever seen anyone as beautiful as you right now.\" I hugged him and saw Bobby staring at me \"You look just like Clara bow, except prettier.\" Me and Jonah laughed \"thanks Bobby.\" He walked over to me puffin out his chest in an attempt to look manly. I knelt down as he said \"may I have this dance?\" I smiled and agreed. He took my hand and started twirling me around, he is absolutely adorable. When he came to a stop Jonah placed his hand on my waist and took my hand. We started dancing around the room, I looked deep into his soul piercing blue eyes and suddenly it was just me and him. The room began to change, it suddenly became the theatres stage, and the orchestra was playing a Chopin waltz. Even Jonah's appearance changes, he was wearing a 1920s tuxedo, and his hair was slicked back. I didn't want it to end, I wanted to stay like this forever. He leaned in to kiss me and when he pulled away I was back in my room. \"That's was amazing Jonah.\" He kissed me again \"I hoped you would like that. Can that kind of be called a date?\" I nodded. He smiled \"I hope you know how much you mean to me.\" He smiled and disappeared. That's it, I hoped you liked this chapter. I know I was getting a little bit say yes to the dress in this chapter lol. I tried to make this chapter longer because I'm uploading kind of late. Chapter 17 should be up next week![Chapter 17] September 18, 2004 After our visit to Hazel's store, my mom had been making me practice for almost an hour a day. Everyday after school she would sit down at the piano and we would practice vocal runs, my ( somewhat shrill ) high notes and Music Of The Night at least 10 times. Everyday during our practices Jonah would watch us cringing when I messed up a note, smiling in approval when I hit a certain note particularly well, and overall just eavesdropping on us. I must admit it did help me somewhat to know that he was interested in my singing. Today when Oliver and mom got home, the same routine. After about an hour of vocal abuse, or as my mom calls it ( getting me to my true operatic register ) whatever that means. I went downstairs to find Jonah and Bobby, who was sitting on the ground fiddling with something he found. \"Your singing has gotten way better since when we first started.\" I smiled \"Thanks, I just hope my vocal chords don't snap before the show.\" Jonah laughed \"Bobby found something in the attic today, show her Bobby.\" I looked down at Bobby to see him rummaging through a box of old photos, jewelry and other antiques. \"Here Stephanie sit down and I'll show you.\" I sat down in front of him as he arranged everything in front of him. I saw about 3 pictures, a pocket watch, a hair comb, and a necklace. He picked up a picture of a woman, most likely in her early 30s, with beautiful dark hair, small lips, and kind looking eyes. \"This was my momma.\" So that's what Jonah and Bobbys mother looked like. Now that I notice it they do rsemble her, same dark hair, same beautiful eyes. \"She's beautiful, what was her name?\" Bobby looked deep in memory, it was the same look Jonah got when he was deep in thought. \"Martina, she came from Italy and Aickman met her while he was on a trip to Italy for the German military. They fell in love and fled to America.\" I smiled, knowing some of the Aickman family history made me feel as if I was part of the family. Bobby picked up another picture of someone I hardly recognized, but was oddly familiar. He had dark hair, was clean shaven and an overall handsome man for his age. \"Bobby is this who I think this is?\" He nodded \"Yeah that's him alright. This picture was taken before my momma died.\" I looked at Jonah to see him standing with his arms crossed with a look of disgust on his face. Probably remembering how horrible Aickman was. \"The other pictures aren't important, their just pictures of the original house, but the watch is important.\" He held up a silver fob watch that was surprisingly still ticking, and engraved with beautiful curls and swirls. \"This was my grandpa's, me and Jonah decided that you should have it.\" I looked at Bobby surprised \"I couldn't, it belongs to you two.\" Bobby shook his head \"It was made for a woman after all, you should have it.\" He placed the watch in my hand as I thanked him and Jonah. Bobby hugged me and eventually let me go. \"Stephanie, can I ask you a question?\" I nodded \"Do you really love my brother?\" Jonah looked at me anxiously waiting for an answer \"More than anything.\" Bobby smiled \"That's good.\" September 19, 2004Today was the day of the meeting for everyone participating in the goat wood talent show. Since the meeting was at 10:00, I woke up at 8:00 to get dressed. I chose a creme lace shirt with a cobalt blue blazer, with the pocked watch I had been given tucked into the appropriate place and black jeans. Me and mom had visited the official website of the goats wood talent show a million times, and judging by what I've read, it seems to be a very prestigious event. I was somewhat nervous about that, considering I was not used to being involved in anything, let alone prestigious. At 9:30 me and mom left the house, leaving Oliver at home. \"You look nice honey.\" My mom remarked \"Thanks, you look very, professional.\" I looked at he outfit, she was wearing a black pen cil skirt with a white button down shirt and to my ultimate surprise, stockings, last time I heard her say anything about them, I remember her saying she was against them. \"Anything wrong?\" I shook my head \"No you look great, it's just I haven't seen you look this uptight in a while.\" \"Well this is a very prestigious event Stephanie, we must take it seriously.\" Mom said with a fake British accent. We laughed and pulled into the parking lot of the theatre. It was 5 to 10 so we weren't late. As we walked up the stairs, I noticed my mom struggling to keep her balance in her 4 inch heels. \"Need some help there mom?\" \"No no I'm fine.\" My mom said trying to keep confident. I laughed and caught up to her at the top. As we entered the foyer, we were greeted by a small woman with blond curled hair, with a short stature ( despite the fact that she was wearing heels ), wearing a navy blue suit. She was the most uptight person I've ever seen, but she politely smiled and snooker our hands as she greeted us. \"Welcome, you two are the last to arrive, come with me. My name is Hope Beaton by the way. Since everyone has arrived, I already know that your Stephanie leinmann and your her mother, Cassandra right?\" I noticed that hope spoke with a Scottish accent. \"Nice to meet you.\" Me and my mom said in unison \"Yes Cassandra is my name.\" I haven't heard my mom say her full name like that in a long time. All her friends called her Cass, so I guess I'll have to get used to her being called by her full name. \"Now if you'll follow me, we have a few things to go over such as rehearsal times and other things like that. \" hope led us down a hallway and into a room full of other performers and either their fathers or mothers. There were 2 extra seats for me and my mom so we sat down and listened. I looked around to see the other performers. The one thing the all had in common was that they all looked very rich and snobby. Ever girl or her mother had either a Gucci, Louis Vuitton or Chanel bag, the guys or their dads had expensive looking watches and the whole room smelt like expensive perfume. As I looked around I noticed that Dean wasn't here. Thank god. the meeting dragged on and everyone was fidgeting by the end of it. After we left the theatre my mom took off her heels in the car. \"If I knew the meeting would be that long, I would have worn my converse.\" We both laughed. \"Mom did you think that Hope was a bit uptight?\" My mom nodded \"Now that I think of it, yeah she was.\" \"Did you call hazel to talk to her about the date of the performance?\" \"Yeah I did, she seems very excited about it.\" Ever since hazel and my mom met, they had been very close. Me and Oliver love hazel, and it's nice for my mom to have a friend. \"Well that's good.\" I couldn't help but remember what Bobby said about he wanting to tell me what he and Jonah had in store. Whatever could those two be up to? sorry this chapter was so short, I haven't been writing lately because I've had a little bit of writers block. Ive been thinking and I'm going to propose something. If I can get this story to 10 favourites I will write a 3000 word chapter, so if you have any friends who are on here please tell them about this story, I would be really happy if I could get 10 favourites! Well till next time :)[Chapter 18] When we stumbled into the house (courtesy of our high heels) Oliver was sitting in front of the T.V. Watching sponge bob. My mom and I were both pretty tired so I went downstairs to get into my sweats and put my hair in a messy bun. I noticed Jonah materialize behind me in the mirror. \"How was the meeting?\" \"Long, our heels were killing us by the time it ended.\" Jonah smiled \"That's too bad, are you getting excited for the performance?\" I nodded \"A bit nervous, but I think it will be a good opportunity.\" I looked around and noticed that Bobby wasn't there. \"Yeah Bobby's been playing with Oliver the whole time you guys were gone. He really likes your brother, I think they get along quite well.\" I swear this guy can read my mind. \"Well since Bobby isn't here I guess we have some time alone.\" Jonah put his hands around my waist and pulled me close. I snaked my arms around his neck as he leaned in to kiss me. We haven't been able to kiss for quite a while with Bobby around. Jonah says that when someone dies, their maturity remains the way it was when they died, so Bobby finds kissing \"gross\" and thinks it \"spreads cooties\". Once Jonah pulled away I realized that this was the first time we've really been alone since Bobby arrived. As much as I love Bobby, I must admit it felt nice to have some time alone. \"So are you and Bobby still up to something?\" Jonah smirked \"Can't ruin the surprise now can I?\" I rolled my eyes at him \"You two have something up your sleeves, I can tell.\" Jonah laughed \"You'll know what we're planning when it happens.\" \"Alright. I guess I can wait.\" I said jokingly. October. 13th 2004 The weeks passed without much happening, aside from practicing everyday with Jonah giving me advice claiming that he was the phantom and I was his \"muse\". Now the best time of the year had come around, Halloween. I love this season because I've always loved being able to be someone I'm not, even though it's only for one night a year. Before my dad started drinking, my mom would make extravagant Halloween costumes for me and Oliver (though he was only a baby) I remember one year she made me a Cinderella costume with a full blown ball gown skirt, and a blonde wig. The best part about it was that every girl I knew stopped and stared at me, envying the fact that my costume was inferior to theirs. It may sound conceited, but at that age I was ignored by everyone and deemed weird, so it felt nice to be the \"cool girl\" for once. This year I didn't plan on going trick or treating, considering the fact I'm 16, but I still plan on getting into the spirit of Halloween. Hazel agreed to help me make my costume. She and my mom had become close friends and have been seeing each other at least once a week. She usually came over after her shop closed, my mom made her a cup of tea and she at dinner with us as she told us about whatever girl came into her store, and whatever dress she sold. She had become and grandmother figure to me and Oliver, so we always love when she comes over. I've noticed that Jonah keeps giving her suspicious looks, as if she knew something about him that she shouldn't. One night hazel noticed the poster of Jonah we keep in our living room back wall. \"Stephanie, are you aware of who this boy is?\" Now I can put the pieces together as to why Jonah keeps hazel odd looks. \"Um no, but judging from the poster, was he a medium?\" I lied. Hazel nodded \"my father knew his father, Ramsey Aickman. He was the one who told him his wife went missing. You see my father was an influential man in this town, an author, so we were one of the richer families. I never met any of the Aickman boys, I wasn't even bird when their oldest went missing. But my father told me that the oldest son Jonah was a miracle worker, he could summon spirits from heaven and talk to them.\" \"So he was a medium?\" Hazel nodded \"Yes, but you see there's more to that family than miracles and talking to the dead. You see there was a big scandal regarding the Aickman family shortly after their youngest died. According to my father Ramsey knew about Jonah's gift all along, he thought Ramsey had gone mad. So to prove it he supposedly murdered his youngest to prove it.\" My mom had put her hands over Oliver's ears and I was trying to hold back tears. \"You don't really think he did, do you.\" Hazel shrugged \"I'm not sure what to believe, my father said that Ramsey was a greedy man, wanting to make a fortune. But the autopsy says that Ramsey's youngest died of natural causes. But my family thinks otherwise.\" I looked to see Jonah trying to look strong, but tears made their way down his face. \"Ok that's enough of murduring and crazy old men. What do you say we eat?\" We all got up and went to the dining room hazel came up behind me and whispered in my ear \"You believe me, I know you do. I see him too you know. Tell him I'm sorry the truth never got out. Now let's go eat.\" After dinner hazel left and I went down to my room in a panic. I couldn't believe what I heard, and Jonah knew all this time. I stumbled down the stairs about to faint. When I got to the bottom I saw Jonah materialize in front of me before veryo thing went blurry. I passed out. I woke up to Jonah stroking my forehead \"Why didn't you tell me?\" I said weakly. Jonah sighed \"Aickman was still here when I told you about Bobby, I knew he would take advantage of you finding out the truth. So I'm sorry I lied but I did it to protect you.\" Jonah looked at me with sorrow in his eyes. \"You knew the truth the whole time?\" Jonah nodded \"I saw him putting something in bobby's food, the next day he died. I never admitted it, but I knew that Bobby didn't die of natural causes.\" I started to cry. Who would be able to go insane and kill their own child out of wanting money? \"Does Bobby know that he was poisoned?\" I looked to the end of the room to see Bobby in a state of shock, horror and pure sorrow. \"No,\" I sat up and Jonah walked slowly toward Bobby, but Bobby backed away from him. \"You knew the truth, why didn't you tell me?\" Jonah looked ashamed. I was panicking on the inside, not knowing what to say or do,was completely frozen. \"I couldn't, you would have panicked, Bobby I'm sorry,\" Bobby ran up the stairs and disappeared. \"He's not going to come out for a few days, just let him cool down.\" I nodded, tears still running down my face. Jonah lifted up my chin so our eyes met \"It's alright, he'll be fine.\" thats it! I'm sorry I haven't been writing for a while, I can't even make excuses anymore, I'll be honest and say the reason was pure procrastination. I'm so happy to see that my favourites have gone up to 5! You guys are halfway there to a 3000 word chapter! I know it's a bit (a lot) late for a Halloween chapter, but I want to do one anyway. One more thing, do any of you guys watch American horror story? I'm considering doing a story about that once I finish this one, let me know if you guys would like that. That's it for this chapter, till next time![Chapter 19] October 19, 2004 Days past, and tomorrow was the day of my performance. I'm even more nervous than I was when I auditioned. Bobby hasn't been out ever since he learned the truth, and Jonah has been trying to get him to come out ever since he disappeared. I was sitting in my room when I felt Jonah appear in front of me. \"Any luck with bobby?\" He shook his head \"He's been crying and shaking ever since he heard what happened. I think he just can't comprehend what exactly happened.\" I nodded \"I think anyone would be like that if they were in his situation.\" We sat in silence for a while. Jonah eventually broke it by saying \"Isn't your performance tomorrow?\" I nodded and tried to smile. \"Yup, I'm so nervous I can't even think straight.\" He put his arm around me and pulled me close. \"You shouldn't be, and I have a little trick up my sleeve for tomorrow.\" He smirked mischievously. \"You've been talking about this a while now, what on earth is it?\" He snickered \"You'll have to wait and see.\" I rolled my eyes \"Can't you just tell me now?\" He shook his head \"Wouldn't be a surprise if I did.\" He snickered again and disappeared. I swear I love this guy to death but he has to be less mysterious. I looked at my clock and saw that it was 11:46, I have a big day tomorrow so I should maybe get some sleep. I turned off my lamp and was met by a pair of icy green-blue eyes. I know those eyes, they were Bobbys. \"Hey bobby, what are you doing so late at night?\" He shrugged his shoulders \"I thought it would be a good time to come out of hiding.\" I sighed \"I understand why you were so upset, anyone would be if they heard news like that.\" His big blue eyes teared up and he tackled me in a hug and began to sob. \"Shhhh, it's alright.\" I patted his back in an attempt to calm him. \"Why would be do that? I don't understand.\" He wailed into my shoulder. \"I don't know, none of us know. He was wrong, that evil man should never have done what he did to you and your brother.\" He calmed down a little bit, but he still softly cried. \"Can you sing?\" He managed to say. \"What do you want me to sing?\" He looked up at me \"Can you sing a lullaby?\" I nodded and smiled. I began to sing 'Guten nacht' and he slowly fell asleep on my shoulder. Funny, I didn't know ghosts could sleep. Jonah appeared next to me and stroked his brothers hair. \"He finally came out.\" I nodded \"He was still very upset, did you see him crying like that?\" He nodded \"He was worse after he heard the truth, he was shaking and vomiting ectoplasm and crying endlessly.\" I sighed \"I think he's calmed down at least a little bit.\" \"Yeah he decided to come out, so that's a good thing.\" Jonah replied. \"Jonah I have a question, can ghosts sleep?\" \"Well if they really want to they can, but most of the time we're awake at night.\" I nodded. Jonah stood up and took bobby into his arms \"I'll take him, get your sleep, you'll need it.\" He kissed my forehead once I had lied back down. \"Good night primadonna.\" \"Good night guardian angel.\" Jonah smirked \"Ich liebe dich.\" \"Ich liege dich auch.\" And with that I fell asleep. October 20, 2004 I woke up to hear birds singing. 'Ahhh I don't want to get out of bed, wait a moment, today's the performance!' I thought to myself. It was already 10:38 so I quickly got out of bed to make myself breakfast. Today was Sunday, so my mom should have been asleep, but when I got to the kitchen she was buttering a bagel and watching a re run of 'full house'. \"Morning mom.\" She looked up at me. \"Morning sweetie, you've got a big day ahead of yourself.\" I nodded and grabbed myself a bagel and proceeded to put Nutella on it when my mom snatched it out of my hand. \"Hey!\" \"Absolutely no milk before your performance, it will coat your throat.\" I pouted at her \"but my performance isn't for almost 7 hours.\" \"Too bad, anyway we have to be at the theatre for 5:00 to get you all set up backstage. Then the performance starts at 6:00.\" I nodded. I decided that since I couldn't have milk I would eat dry cereal and orange juice. When I got my orange juice out of the fridge I took a swig from the milk jug when my mom wasn't looking. \"Hazel will be over in a few hours to help you with your dress.\" I nodded groggily. \"Stephanie, are you listening?\" I snapped out of my trance \"Yeah!\" \"What did I just say?\" My mom always does this when I zone out. \"Hazels coming over later.\" My mom nodded. I finished my breakfast then went downstairs to shower before I got ready. Once I got out of the shower I pulled out my ball gown and other accessories for when I had to put them on. For the meantime I threw on a pair of sweats and a t shirt. This is unusual, Jonah usually comes out to talk to me. Maybe he's still putting together the surpise he's had planned for so long. I sat down on my bed and went on my computer for a while until my mom called me up to say that Hazel was here. I grabbed my dress and accessories and went upstairs. I greeted Hazel who was wearing minimal makeup (except for some red lipstick) and a very nice dress. My mom told Oliver to go upstairs until we were done wrestling me into the dress. \"How are you feeling Stephanie?\" As I changed out of my very classy sweats and t shirt I replied \"I'm nervous, but I'm also excited.\" She nodded and told me to step into the dress. I held it up while she laced the corset. \"I, quite excited myself. I can't wait to hear you sing. You will be phenomenal. I sucked in as she cinched the corset. She tied the ribbon in a bow and I let to go the top. Now for the shoes, my mom dove under my petticoat and attempted to out them on my feet without getting her eyeball stabbed out by the heel. Once everything was on. I sat down while hazel did my makeup and my mom curled my hair and braided it into an intricate half up hairstyle. I giggled as Oliver came downstairs in a full on tuxedo with his hair wildly sticking up. My mom smiled and grabbed a bottle of hair gel. \"Come here you!\" She chased him until she finally got him and slicked back his blonde hair. \"I feel like I have a helmet on, do I really have to use this stuff?\" We laughed as he turned around with a grumpy look on his face. \"Stephanie you look beautiful.\" He said with a dropped jaw. I hugged him \"Thanks Oliver, even with your helmet head you look like a handsom hockey player.\" That was what he wanted to be when he grew up so he liked it when I said he resembled one. My mom quickly got changed and did her hair and came back down in a beautiful yello dress that complimented her blonde hair very well. \"It's quarter to 5:00 we should go.\" we all piled into the car with me and my dress taking up most of the space. When we arrived Hope Beaton guided me backstage where I was met with many other performers with most of them dressed in designer clothing. Many of the girls gave me weird looks and guys nudged each other and smirked. I sat down and waited for the show to begin. One of the directors told me to follow the guy who went before me, and once I was backstage they clipped on a mic on me and adjusted it so that it would not mess up my hair. I got a glimpse of the audience. It was a full house. I felt almost sick. I've never sang in front of this many people before, what if I mess up? I took a deep breath in as I heard the applause for the act before me. I heard the MC announce \"Now for goatswood's newest soprano, miss Stephanie Leinmann.\" The crown clapped as I walked on stage. I heard the orchestra begin the introduction of the song and I took a deep breath. As I looked around the audience, someone stood out to me, he had on a 1920s tuxedo, black hair, pale skin and blue eyes. Could it be? It was I saw Jonah and Bobby watching me from box 5. I smiled and sang with all my might for him. I was overwhelmed that he actually showed up. As I finished the song I was surrounded by thundering applause and an approving look from Jonah. I took my bow and looked up to see that he was gone. I swear I literally have NO excuse for not writing. I'm so sorry I guess I just have a bad case of writers block, but better extremely late than never right? I hate to say but the story will be ending soon, but I have a good ending planned. I'm very happy to see that my story has over 1000 views! There's probably like no one reading anyone lol but I aim in finishing this story. Till next time![Chapter 20] Hello my dear readers, i have written an authors note to apologize for my hiatus, I just had a severe case of writers block and I didn't want to land you guys with my worst writing just to update for the sake of updating. I also want to say thank you so much for getting me to 10 favourites! I have my 3000 word chapter coming up,and I hope that that makes up for my absence. One more announcement, the next chapter will feature a turning point in the story and this story will be ending soon, but I plan on updating it as soon as I can so you will all be able to know what happens in the end! Thank you so much for supporting me and once more, I'm sorry for my hiatus but Hey, quality over quantity ;). Thanks again, have a good day and enjoy the next chapter![Chapter 21] the applause was shattering. My mom and hazel were all in tears and Oliver was jumping up and down screaming for me as if he had just scored a winning goal. I almost didn't notice it. All I could focus on was the one I loved clapping for me from box 5. Nothing mattered in that moment, not the performance, my triumph, or the applause. I realized that in that very moment, all I needed was Jonah. I took my bow and went back stage. As the other performers were silently judging each other, gossiping or simply watching the others, I sat down and looked at the pocket watch I had stowed away in one of the pockets I had hazel sew in. flashback* I was walking into Hazels dress shop with my dress in hand. As I walked in I heard the small bell ring, and saw hazel look up from her sewing machine. \"Hello my dear, is there something I can help you with?\" I sat down next to her.\"yes actually, if you don't mind, I was wondering if it would be possible to sew in a small pocket in the skirt of my dress.\" She looked at me with curiousity. \"I know, I know. It's just that I have something I would like to take with me onstage for good luck, and it won't exactly fit under my corset.\" I said laughing. She looked up at me and smiled. \"Of course dreary, I see you brought your dress with you, would you like to get started?\" I nodded \"how much do I owe you for doing this for me?\" \"Nothing at all.\" I couldn't not give her anything in return, after all she's done for me and my family. \"No, please you've already done so much for me.\" She picked up a roll of black satin from a large bin and proceeded to cut out a pocket. \"Don't worry your pretty little head, I don't need anything more than your kindness.\" I nodded \"At least let me buy you a coffee at some point.\" She nodded \"Deal, I do enjoy those, what do you call them fraparrinoos?\" I laughed \"you mean a frapucinno?\" She nodded as she took my dress and the pieces she cut out to her sewing machine.\"Yes, I'll save that date.\" She finished the pocket within ten minutes, this woman really is a magician when it comes to dress making. \"Now, you said you have a good luck charm?\" I nodded. \"Just out of pure curiosity, do you have it with you?\" I felt the weight of the small pocket watch in my vest, \"yes, I do.\" She reached out her shaking hand \"would you mind if I took a look at it.\" I hesitated, although there wouldn't be a possible way, what would happen if she found out about jonah? No, that's not possible, after all she's done for me one small request can't hurt? Can it? \"Yes of course, here.\" I handed her to pocket watch. She looked at it intently and started to tear up. \"What's wrong?\" She held it close to her heart \"Young lady, do you ever hear creaks in the middle of the night, or see things you simply can't explain? In simpler words, do you believe in ghosts?\" I started to sweat. \"Y-yes do you?\" She nodded \"would you like to hear a story?\" She was holding back tears. I sat her down and held her hand in comfort. \"Once, a long time ago, there was a young girl who lived in this town. She came from England and she was terribly sorrowful since she missed everyone she loved back home. One day she met a boy, a boy with ice blue eyes and jet black hair. He always looked out at her from his window and she looked back. One day they had the courage to meet in person, and they fell for one another instantly. They though it would last forever, and he gave her a silver fob watch to prove it. Until that one night he vanished. She knew deep in her heart that while he was dead, he hadn't left her. One day, she found her strength again and pursued her dreams of making young girls feel happy and beautiful. On the anniversary of his death, she laid the watch on his grave, to finally forget and move on. She thought that old thing had been stolen, but now here it is in your hands, the hands of the one he loves.\" Tears were streaming down both of our faces. \"So it was you he led me about, he believes you dead. Hazel I'm sorry I didn't know, I-.\" She smiled \"there's no need to apologize, I moved on many years ago, now he's found love, and so have you, all it does is bring me joy.\" I hugged her and sobbed into her shoulder \"thank you, I promise you I will love him more than anything.\" She patted my hair gently \"I know, and tell him I'm not dead, and will see him on the other side once God decides it's my turn to arrive.\" I nodded, \"thank you hazel, for everything.\" End flashback* Once all the performers took their final bow, I went and found my mom, Hazel and Oliver. I was practically tackled by Oliver who was trying to squeeze his little arms around my huge ballgown. \"You sang like the Angels in heaven child.\" Said hazel, my mom and hazel both embraced me and forgot that Oliver was still engulfed in my gown. \"Hey! I can't breath!\" We all laughed as they let me go to give Oliver some air. \"You were perfect! All those other girls had on way too much makeup and I could see up their skirts, but you were-\" he was cut off by my mom who covered his mouth and began telling him to be quiet and that we're not the only people here. I laughed and hazel gave me a hug.\"I saw him too, you were absolutely stunning. He will be very proud.\" She whispered. \"Thank you.\" As she let me go, our faces said everything we needed to know. After we got out of the theatre we drove home. My mom ordered a pizza to celebrate my performance. After we were all done eating, she sent Oliver to bed and stayed at the table to get some celebratory ice cream and milk, ( since she insisted that I not have any before my performance). \"So how did it feel?\" I took in a breath and remembered Jonah \"Amazing! I was so happy it seemed almost unreal.\" My mom nodded \"That's just what I wanted for you, and I have a small surprise for you, since you didn't get much for your birthday and you did so well, hold on.\" She tied a scarfs over my eyes so I couldn't see anything. She came back and place a small box in front of me. \"Alright, open it.\" She removed the blindfold and I looked down to see a small black box tied with a blue ribbon. I untied the bow and opened the box to see a small note. It read- \"my dearest Stephanie, I told your mother to wait for the perfect moment to give this to you, I'll be gone when you're reading this, but know that while I'm not here, I haven't left you. This is just a little something to remind you that your important, loved and the brightest star in the sky. I hope that you can look at this and remember that I'm always looking down on you, and I'll love you no matter what. Remember to always shine and light up everyone's lives the way you did mine. with love, Your Mary Anna. i had tear in my eyes. I looked in the box to see a diamond starburst necklace. I held it up and held it close to my heart and let the tears drain from my eyes. 'I'll never forget you, grandma.' My mom hugged me after she fastened it around my neck. \"She may not be here, but she's never left us.\" I nodded and smiled. \"Thank you.\" My mom nodded \"I'm going to bed, Stephanie, I love you, and you shine brighter than any of those little hoes we saw earlier.\" We both laughed. \" I love you too mom, goodnight.\" and went downstairs. I sat on my bed and touched my star necklace. My grandma passed away 2 years ago, and I was absolutely devastated. She was one of the few people I confided in, and the only one who was able to help me with my depression. Until last year, I struggled with depression and she was the only person who could make me happy, that is until I found Jonah. She always told me that I was perfect no matter what everybody told me. She gave me all my vintage jewelry and took me out shopping to thrift stores to pick out all my vintage pieces. After she passed was when I truly started living for the past, I guess you could say, that I lived for her after that. But now I have Jonah, and a small piece of her to remind me that I'm never alone. as I made my way downstairs, I found Jonah waiting for me. I was still in my ballgown, and he was still wearing his tux. \"You were dazzling.\" I hugged him. We were suddenly broken apart by little bobby, who looked up at me with his head poking out of the folds in my dress \"you sang like an angel! You were beautiful!\" I knelt down to his level \"thank you, you were the perfect little gentleman.\" I poked the tip of his nose and he blushed. \"Thanks, now Jonah, can I get out of this stupid thing?\" His tie was hanging around his shoulders and his vest was unbuttoned, he was very uncomfortable to say the least. Jonah nodded \"yeah you can.\" Bobby ran and disappeared into the walls. \"Thank you.\" I whispered into Johan's ear as I hugged him, he kissed my forehead and stroked my hair gently. \"For what?\" I looked up at him. \"For watching me tonight, having you there meant the world to me.\" Jonah smiled \"I just wanted to show you that you mean the world to me.\" He lifted up my chin and kissed me. I swear that feeling of sparks will never fade whenever he shows affection like this. \"I'm exhausted, I have to get out of this dress, it's heavier than it looks.\" He nodded and faded away. I unlaced my dress and left it on the back of my chair. I ro moved my gloves and put them on my dressing table and went to take a shower. After I was done I put on a pair of pajamas and braided my wet hair to keep it out of the way. I kept on my necklace since I didn't want to part with the small trinket that gave me so much joy. once I came back out, I noticed bobby sitting on my bed now wearing his usual clothes. \"Hi bobby, what are you doing here?\" He looked up at me \"sorry, if you want me to leave I can,\" I shook my head, \"No you can come here whenever you want, you're like another little brother to me.\" He smiled. I noticed he had something in his hand, an old black and white photograph. \"Who's that picture of?\" His face fell and he continued staring at the photograph. \"It's my mother, I miss her so much, when I was in heaven I was with her for a short time, and even though she was happy, she was still sad that Jonah was trapped down here. That's why when I had the chance, she told the angel to send me down here to get him.\" He quickly put his hand over his mouth knowinat he had said too much. I stared at him in shock, although I understood, I didn't at the same time? Surely Jonah wouldn't leave me all on my own, or would he? \"What do you mean by go get him?\" He looked extremely nervous. \"I didn't want to tell you since I knew how happy you and Jonah were, but when Aickman was sent to hell, I got a chance to come back to earth in exchange for him going to hell. The angel told us that it was either me or my mother, she knew that I would be able to bring Jonah to heaven easier, that's why she told me to go down here.\" I was shaking, deep in my heart I knew that eventually the time would come where me and Jonah would have to part ways, but now? I would understand his reasoning for leavzing, but that doesn't mean that I don't want him here with me. \"Does he know?\" Bobby nodded \"no bobby, I just want you to know that none of this is your fault, and I'll understand if he does, but does he want to go back to heaven with you?\" He took in a deep breath \"he didn't give me a direct answer, but he might, but he told me that he doesn't want to lose love again, and wants to stay with you, but he also misses our mother.\" I nodded \"I'm really sorry, Stephanie I didn't mean,\" I cut him off \"no, you have nothing to apologize for, I understand.\" He nodded and faded away. I sat on my bed and let the tears fall, I don't know what I would do without Jonah, of course I would understand if he did leave me, but I don't know what I would do without him. once I stopped crying, I clutched into my necklace for comfort as my moms words echoed in my head, 'she may not be here, but she's never left us.' That was enough to give me a bit of strength, I decided that if I truly love Jonah, I will respect any decision he makes, and remember that the love between us will never die. I sat down at my vanity and took out my braids. Just as I was brushing out my hair, I felt a cool presence behind me, I saw as Jonah began to take shape behind me in my mirror. He kissed my neck as He placed his arms around my collarbone. He lightly brushed my necklace and looked up at me. \"Where's this from?\" I smiled \"it's a gift from my grandma, she gave it to my mom before she died and told her to give it to me when the time was right.\" \"It's beautiful, but doesn't shine nearly as bright as you.\" I blushed deeply. \"Thank you.\" I kissed him lightly on the cheek. \"So bobby told me that you two had a conversation a bit earlier.\" He sat down beside me and looked down at the floor in somewhat shame. \"Yeah he told me his real reason for being here.\" Jonah looked up at me apologetically \"Stephanie I'm really sorry, I meant to tell you really, I just didn't know when was the right time.\" I pressed a finger to his lips \"listen, I understand, really. I just want you to know that I'll respect any decision you make and true love will never die.\" He nodded. \"youre right.\" I could feel my heart thundering in my chest as I debated as to whether or not ask him if he was going to go with bobby. Part of me wanted to know the answer and another part feared what he would tell me. \"So i understand if you don't want to tell me, but are you going to leave?\" He looked down at the ground in shame \"I haven't decided, I love you Stephanie and I want to be with you, but I can be with my family on the other side, with bobby and my mother. I need time.\" I nodded and hugged him. \"Whatever you choose, know that I'm with you every step of the way I can possibly take.\" He smiled and his crystal blue eyes glittered like the finest cut diamonds there ever was. I yawned and he caressed my cheek gently. I looked and saw that it was already 12:45. \"Tired?\" He asked \"Try exhausted. Singing really does take a lot out of you.\" He snickered. I led him to my bed and got in, he stood there not knowing what to do with himself. \"Jonah?\" \"Yes\" \"do you think tonight you can stay with me?\" He smiled and crawled up beside me. He was cool, but not cold enough to make me shiver. I laid my head on his chest and he played with my now curly hair from the braids. \"Of course I'll stay with you Stephanie, I will forever.\" I heard as I softly drifted off to sleep. Hi! I hope you all enjoyed my 3000 word chapter I promised almost a year ago! I explained in my authors note why I took a long hiatus on my writing and I hope this somewhat makes up for it! Reviews are greatly appreciated and I'm so very grateful for everyone who reads this story! I unfortunately will be ending this story soon, so please let me know what you think will happen in the end! Till next time![Chapter 22] p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"Nov.3/p p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"It had been two weeks after my performance, and Halloween had passed. For once I stayed in with my mom and helped hand out candy to children. Oliver had gone out with some friends he had made from school. For once in my life I finally felt like things were falling into place, like my life was for once in perfect balance. I looked at myself in the mirror. I felt different than I had when I first came here, I wasn't as unaturally pale, my eyes were bright and filled with life and even my hair was shinier. I can say to myself that I now feel beautiful. I twirled around in my favourite black lace dress with my starburst necklace reflecting what was remaining of the sunlight. It had already started to snow here in goats wood. Soon there would be frost on the trees and kids would be skating around in circles on a frozen pond. I shivered as I felt Jonah materialize behind me./p p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"\"Good morning\" he pecked me on the cheek. I reached up to caress his cheek. Ever since I heard that he may be leaving me, I made every single gesture count. \"Morning.\" He stood behind me and gazed at us in the mirror. We looked almost ethereal, after all this time I had just realized the glow that he gives off, maybe after finding happiness we both have changed. I looked up at him and gazed into his magnificent blue eyes. I played with his silky black hair as he smiled back at me. I bent us to kiss him as he held me close, closer than ever before, I felt that nothing in the mortal world could harm me, so long as I'm with Jonah. We broke away and I heard a small click. I had left my pocket watch on my night table, specifically closed. It struck me that all the time I would open it, it would glimmer with an ethereal light, while I had only opened it the few times, I never realized it till now./p p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"bobby came sprinting down the stairs, he looked desperate. He looked at the open pocket watch and his eyes filled with panic. \"Not now, please god not now! He frantically ran over to it and tried desperately to close it. It wouldn't budge, it was as if it was welded into place. \"What's going on?\" Jonah looked at me with concern. Light was slowly streaming out of the watch and filling my room. I felt a slight breeze begin to develop. \"Now Stephanie, I just want you to know that whatever happens, I love you, I always have and forever will.\" Tears started to fill my eyes, a dreadful feeling filled me. \"Please Jonah tell me what's happening!\" The breeze grew into a weak wind, and light of all colors, known and unknown filled my room. \"You remember when bobby came down from heaven right?\" I nodded \"he brought that watch with him, it wasn't really a pocket watch, well it is but not the normal kind. Did you ever notice the time was never right?\" I nodded as memories filled my head, no matter what the time was always wrong but the needle was always ahead of its previous position. \"It was a countdown, it symbolized... When me and bobby had to go back.\" I was shocked, how could he not tell me?! \"So you knew all this time?\" He nodded shamefully, Bobby was still trying to close the watch. \"Why did you never tell me?\" Tears streamed down my face. \"I wanted to make every moment last while I could, I knew I shouldn't have gotten attached but I thought I was stuck here, but when bobby came I realized. I didn't want to break your heart.\" \"I'm broken either way!\" The light grew brighter and wind got stronger. I couldn't bear it, I knew he meant well, but why? After we were so happy? I knew that one day I would die and it would end, but I never dreamed he would be ripped away from me this fast. I didn't know what to do so I simply cried. He pulled me in close and hugged me with everything he had. All of a sudden the wind stopped and the light shimmered. Bobby was crying and staring at us shamefully. \"I'm sorry Stephanie, I'm sorry Jonah, I didn't want any of this to happen, I just wanted us all to be happy together, please forgive me.\" He removed his newsboy cap and started bawling. Jonah pulled him into his embrace as we cried together./p p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"From the light, we saw a figure emerge. It approached us slowly. It was a woman with black hair and bright green eyes, her hair was elegantly pinned and she was wearing a 1920s style evening gown. \"My children, you've come home.\" She opened her arms as bobby walked toward her. \"I missed you momma.\" She kneant down to his level and held him close. \"I missed you too, and your brother.\" She looked at me with gentle eyes. \"Jonah, who's this?\" He held me close \"her name is Stephanie, and I love her.\" I buried my head into his chest knowing that it would all end soon. \"I see, is she, living?\" She asked with sympathetic eyes. Jonah nodded. \"Oh, I'm very sorry darling but you know how it works.\" \"No mother please,\" I put my finger to his lips \"I know Jonah, I want to be with you too, but you and I both know that this is where you belong,I have my place in my world, and you have yours here.\" Tears streamed from his eyes as he nodded at me, unable to say he agreed. \"Mother, can I at least say goodbye?\" She nodded. \"Stephanie, I don't know what to say,\" I looked into his eyes and pushed back his hair. \"I do.\" I kissed him deeply, so deeply that we had to break for air. \"I love you Jonah, with every ounce of my heart, please don't forget that.\" He held my hand to his soft, pale cheek. \"I love you too, and someone as magnificent as you can never be forgotten. Here, the watch is no more than an object, it's yours now.\" He pressed the cold metal into my palm. He grasped my waist and pulled me close, we kissed me and I ran my hand up and down his face, caressed his hair to embed every detail of him. I felt him fade and I could feel the coolness of the light go away. We tried to pull each other closer as he disappeared forever. I feeling the last inch of him dissappeat, I dropped the ground and cried my eyes out. I held the watch to my heart and recalled all our memories, kisses and his beautiful face. I love you Jonah till the end of time./p p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"emI'm sorry this is such a cheesy way to end the story but after such a long time I figured it needed to be done. I hope you enjoyed this story and I'm sorry it today have a decently happy ending, but if it gives you any comfort, Jonah is where he belongs and Stephanie and Jonah will always have their memories of love,/em/p p style=\"max-height: 999999px; font-family: Verdana, Verdana, Arial; font-size: 14.399999618530273px; -webkit-text-size-adjust: 100%;\"emgoodbye, S./em/p ","Summary":" Chapter 1 My name is Stephanie Leinmann. Of course that's not my real name, my reason to not tell w"},{"Movie":"Croods","Title":"The Time Traveling Girl","Author":"chichi123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9167974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! I'm back and I'm starting a new story! It's a Croods fanfic and it's about this 15-Year-Old girl named Chianni that ends up traveling back in time to the prehistoric era and there she meets the Croods and they help her try to get back to her own time. Hope you like it! Here goes! Ever see a movie you liked so much that you wished you were there so much that the wish came true? If not then let me tell you a story that went a little like this... Oh! And did I mention I fell in love with a caveman too? \"Mom, I have a small question.\" I said. \"What is it, Mushu?\" My mother responded using my nickname. \"Can I have some money to go see the Croods?\" I asked. \"Sure\" My mother responded. She gave me the money and I headed towards the movies. XxxxxxxxX AT THE MOVIESXxxxxxxxX I paid for my movie ticket, got my snacks and drink, then I went into the theater. I was so excited to see this movie for the first time. XxxxxxxxXAFTER THE MOVIEXxxxxxxxX I had this huge smile on my face when I came out of the cinema. Unfortunately waiting 'til the movie was over was a bad idea. I ran straight for the restroom to relieve myself before things took a turn for the worst. XxxxxxxxX2 minutes laterXxxxxxX After I was finished with my little predicament I walked out of the bathroom stall to wash my hands and then I went home. Sooooo, what do ya think? Let me know! I think in the next one I'll make it so she'll end up in the prehistoric era! Hope ya liked it! Bye![Chapter 2] Hello! I'm back again! I'm gonna try and make this chapter as catchy as possible! Hope ya like it! \"Chi-Chi!\" My 3-year-old sister, Juelene squealed in excitement as I walked through the front door. \"Hi, Cupcake.\" I responded with a huge smile on my face as she ran over to me and hugged my legs. \"Welcome home! How was the movie?!\" My mother spoke with a smile on her face. \"It was so cool and funny! Man I can't wait until it comes out on DVD!\" I told her in excitement. \"Chi-Chi, can I sleep with you tonight?\" Juelene asked. \"Sure you can but you have to get ready for bed now because I'm about to go to bed now.\" I told her. She quickly went into her bedroom to put her pajamas on then she went into my room and layed down on one side. I walked into my room, grabbed my leopard print night gown that stopped at my mid-thigh, then I changed and layed down beside her and fell asleep. XxxxxxxxXThe next day in the morningXxxxxxxxX I felt my someone shaking me awake. I groaned and sat up. \"Wha-\" I was cut off by someone getting all in my face but I punched them in their nose out of panic, jumped up and started to run in a random direction not knowing where I was going. \"Wait comeback!\" I heard a female voice call to me. Then the next thing I heard was someone or something sprinting after me. I heard snarling and looked over my shoulder only to see a teenage girl that looked a year older than me and she had frizzy red-orange hair, green-yellow eyes, slightly tanned skin and she wore a orange halter tiger print dress that stopped at her mid-thigh with no shoes on. She ran really fast for a girl too. I tried to run even more faster but unfortunately I ended up being tackled to the ground by the girl and I must say she isn't as light as a feather either. \"LET ME GO!\" I shouted in a very panicky voice as I squirmed under the girl who tackled me. \"STOP MOVING!\" She shouted. Yet, I didn't listen and continued to move around. Then I saw other people coming towards us in a very slow manner with a look of alarm on their faces. They looked a lot like the Croods. \"Who are you?\" I asked in a scared tone. \"I'm Eep.\" Tiger Girl said. \"Grug.\" Her father said. \"I'm Ugga and this is Sandy.\" Her mother said with a smile while gesturing to a baby girl on her back. \"Gran.\" Eep's grandmother said. \"And I'm Thunk.\" Eep's brother said with a blush on his face. I looked at each of them and indeed they were the first modern family.[Chapter 3] Hi! I'm back! I just wanna say thank you to Perrolson for me yesterday and Blitz for reviewing! Okay on with the story! \"Who are you?\" Grug asked. \"Chianni Diovionne Camillo.\" I replied using my full name. \"That's a long name.\" Eep said. \"Yeah. How about we call you Chi-Chi?\" Thunk suggested. \"Sounds good to me. My whole family calls me that.\" I responded with a smile on my face. \"Where are you from?\" Ugga questioned. \"Far. Far away from here.\" I responded in monotone. \"Okay, well where's your family?\" Eep said. \"I don't know. One minute I was sleeping with my little sister and the next I woke up here and... Met... You...Guys- Wait a minute! My sister! I have to find her!\" I spoke. Everyone had a look of bewilderment on their face and just stared at me. \"Hey don't panic we'll find her.\" Ugga said as tried to calm me down. \"Yeah but what if we find her and she's hurt or what if she's lost and some huge animal finds her or what if-\" I was cut off. \"HEY!\" Grug screamed. \"WHAT!\" I yelled back. \"Stop your crying we'll find her and when we do she'll be okay.\" Grug said in a calming tone. \"I'm not cryi-\" I stopped as I felt tears on my face.[Chapter 4] Hello! Thanks for atleast reading my fanfic! I'll try and make as many chapters as possible okay?! Good. On with the story! \"Listen, we're all going to help you find your sister but for now you have to relax okay?\" Ugga said. I nodded but then I covered my face in my hands and sobbed. Then Ugga hugged me in a motherly way. I alittle suprised that she did that because we'd just met about 10 minutes ago and we barely knew each other, yet she's hugging me like Mom would do whenever I cried. XxxxxxxXJuelene's POVXxxxxxxX I was crying. I was scared and confused. I remember going to sleep with my older sister Chianni and now when I wake up I'm in a strange place all alone. I ran to the nearest cave I could find. I sat there in the far back of the cave and curled up in a ball, thinking of the lullaby my older sister sang for me to go to sleep. A naoidhean bhig, cluinn mo ghuth Mise ri d' thaobh, O mhaighdean bhan Ar righinn oig, fas as faic Do thir, dileas Fein A ghrain a's a ghealaich, stuir sinn Gu uair ar cliu 's ar gloire Naoidhean bhig, ar righinn go Mhaighdean uashaill bhan...* And soon I fell asleep. XxxxxxxXChianni's POVXxxxxxxX It was starting to get late. Everyone was getting ready for bed. \"Okay everyone time for bed. Sleep pile.\" Grug said. \"What's a sleep pile?\" I asked even though I already knew that answer. Everyone gave me an incredious look like I had just killed a cute animal. \"You don't know what a sleep pile is?\" Eep asked with surprise in her voice. I looked down at my feet with a blush. \"No. In my family we never slept in a pile. We always had our own space.\" I responded. Silence. \"Well in this family we sleep in a pile. Now come over here and get comfortable.\" Grug said with a smile on his face. I smiled a bright smile. Then I walked over to the family of six and laid down next to Gran and closed my eyes. Then I felt myself being lifted and opened my eyes slightly only to see that Grug had picked us up and placed us all on top of him. And we all went to sleep. * Little baby, hear my voice I'm beside you, O maiden fair Our lady, grow and see Your land, your faithful land Sun and moon, guide us To the hour of our glory and honour Little baby, our young Lady Noble maiden fair That's the English translation of Noble Maiden Fair from Disney Pixar's Brave. I also have a poll on my profile for pairings. Be sure to vote! Thanks for those of you who read, reviewed, followed and favorited! You can drop an idea too if you like! Love ya! Bye! I own nothing except the plot of this fanfic and my OCs![Chapter 5] Hello! I'm so happy so many people read this story and voted on the poll on my profile! I own nothing except this plot and my OCs! On with the story! Dream Start I was running. My naturally multi-colored, shoulder-length hair flowing behind me. My chocolate skin was coated in dirt and blood. I was covered in cuts and bruises. I heard many noises. Snarling, running, crashing. I was scared. I looked over my shoulder and saw a figure running on all fours. I was an animal. Judging by the bright golden-amber eyes that were almost an almond shape with slits for eye pupils. This strange creature was nearing me. I ran even faster until I came to a dead end. I was cornered. The creature came closer and closer until it lunged at me. I saw its teeth were sharp and pointy and it was so close to eating me until... Dream End \"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHH!\" I screamed as I jolted up from my sleep. Everyone woke up with alarm on their faces. Grug and Ugga rushed over to me. \"Chi-Chi what happened?!\" Ugga asked. Then she saw I was covered in sweat and tears were streaming down my face. She engulfed me in a hug as I started sobbing. After a few minutes my sobs turned into hiccups. \"What happened?\" Ugga asked again. \"I had a bad dream.\" I croaked. \"Well it's over. Are you okay?\" Grug said. \"Yeah. But I-\" I was cut off. AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! My face turned beet red. I giggled nervously as I rubbed the back of my head. \"I am a bit hungry though.\" I stated sheepishly. Everyone laughed. But then everyone's face dropped. \"We don't have that much food. Now that all the neighbors are dead the food has become scarce.\" Eep said. \"There aren't even any berries around.\" I questioned. Everybody shook their head side to side. I smiled. \"Well that's okay.\" I said. XxxxxxxXJuelene's POVXxxxxxxX When I woke up I was still scared. But none the less I went out the cave I slept in and set out to find my sister. After about an hour I heard a noise. It sounded like a conch shell being blown bby someone. Maybe it's Chi-Chi! I followed the sound and it turns out it was Guy from the Croods. I was so excited that I almost squealed in excitement. \"Hey!\" I yelled to try and get his attention. Turns out it worked and he walked over to me. He took off his disguise and bent down to look at me. \"Hi there what's your name?\" He asked. \"Juelene.\" I responded. \"I'm Guy and this is Belt.\" He said while gesturing to the sloth around his waist. \"Nice to meet you.\" I stated as I gave him a toothy grin. \"Why are you out here all alone? Don't you have a family?\" Guy questioned. \"I do have a family. Two older sisters and a younger brother. But my older sister, Chianni, and I got separated and now I can't find her.\" I told him. \"I can help you find her. Why don't you stay with me?\" He said with a bright smile. \"Okay.\" I accepted. And from that moment on I've been traveling with Guy and Belt.[Chapter 6] Hello! So I've heard that something bad happened here in Boston yesterday and I wasn't watching the news either so I found out on here and I wanted to say I'm so sorry for anyone who had been injured or lost their life yesterday and may the gods and goddesses be with you. I didn't cry physically but mentally and my heart broke and I was seriously upset when that happened and not to mention that I cried a lot about the kids and adults in Connecticut too. I get emotional about stuff like that so DON'T JUDGE ME! Sorry! Going crazy here! Anyway, I don't own anything except my OCs! On with the story! XxxxxxxXChianni's POVXxxxxxxX It's been three days since we've been this cave. THREE FRIGGIN' DAYS! I was about to go crazy because I was in a corner rocking back and forth with my knees hugged close to my chest. I also visibly shaking and my head was down. I wasn't crying either. Just shaking. You see sometimes stuff like this happens when I stay cooped up in one place for so long. Especially with nothing to do at all. I know what your thinking. 'Where's your phone?'. Well my precious Galaxy S3 got pummeled by Grug and the others. I can quote his exact words, \"New is a huge problem!\". I got so mad that I stayed silent for the rest of the day because if I said anything then I would've been in BIG trouble. But that was yesterday, today we get to go back outside the cave or as Grug put it, 'Hunting Day' and as Ugga put it, 'Bath night'. When Grug said for us to wait for his signal it turned out to be a bust. Eep went out first without the signal then Sandy, then Ugga, then Thunk who had made a stupid and pointless fuss about the signal, then Gran went out after a few seconds. Only I was inside the cave still huddled up in a corner. \"Chi-Chi?\" Ugga said. Silence. \"Chi-Chi.\" Ugga spoke again. Silence and then I stood, walked forward about three feet and then I sprinted out of the cave in front of everyone yelling \"FREEDOM!\" at the top of my lungs only to have everyone staring at me like I had ten heads. I stopped my actions and apologized and told them what happens when I stay cooped up in one place for too long. They all had a look of understandment on their faces. Then Grug ran up ahead of us while announcing, \"Breakfast Formation!\". He stopped and crouched down right in front of the opening of the rocks that hid the cave and everyone-minus me-gathered around in a punched the ground which left a small circle of cracks in it. \"Okay I wanna see real caveman action out there! WE DO THIS FAST! WE DO THIS LOUD! WE DO THIS AS A FAMILY! CHI-CHI THAT MEANS YOU TOO COME ON!\" Grug shouted as we all ran for miles. Okay I know it was really short but I ran out of ideas. I'm sorry. Anyways that poll of mine still stands and thank you to those of you that voted. I know I don't normally ask you this but can you please review for me and leave me an idea? That goes for my other story too. It's called 'Kishi' and it's a Rise of the Guardians fanfic. It's about a fairy who gets chosen to be the next guardian by Man in Moon along with Jack Frost. She based on the older version of Tinkerbell. I hope you liked this chapter atleast alittle bit and I hope you like the first chapter of the other story too. Thank you! Bye![Chapter 7] Hi! I'm back again! Thank you to DJpaigeDJ for giving me an idea. Also thank you everyone for reading, following, favoriting and reviewing! I love you guys so much so here are some cookies! Thank you! I swear I was about to die because when we stopped I couldn't breathe at all. Oh I didn't tell you? I have asthma. \"*pant* I can't breathe.\" I said out of breath. \"Oh please it wasn't that bad. Don't be such a weakling.\" Gran said. \"Well it's not my fault I'm an asthmatic!\" I retorted a lot more angrier than anticipated. \"Hey don't get flip with me Hot-Head!\" The old woman protested. \"I'm sorry. It's just that I don't like being weak in front of everyone and I hate it when someone calls me weak. Usually that would get me in a fight and it would end with me sitting in a corner fuming mad.\" I said. \"It's okay. But remember we still need to hunt for food and I have this staff.\" Gran told me. I nodded as I made my face serious. Eep nudged my arm. \"Loosen up. You don't have to be so stiff.\" She said with a smile. I smiled back and said, \"Thanks.\" Anyway, we all managed to get food which happened to be raw meat. I don't wanna bore you with disturbing details so I'll skip to the point - DO NOT EAT RAW MEAT IT IS DISGUSTING! I what in the world made me think raw meat was gonna taste good! That was a bad idea because in the end my stupid theory of raw meat tasting good resulted in me being sick to my stomach. But after the contents of my stomach were emptied I felt okay. XxxxxxxXJuelene's POVXxxxxxxX It was daytime and Guy was making me a disguise like his. While he was doing the finishing touches I was playing with Belt. \"Hey Ju-Ju what does your sister look like?\" Guy asked. \"Well. She has brown eyes, shoulder-length brown hair that changes colors all on its own, dark skin, small hands and small feet. The last time I saw her she had on a leopard print dress that went to her mid-thigh. We were going to sleep.\" I replied. \"Oh. Well here's your very own disguise!\" Guy announced as he held up my costume. \"Ooh! It's so cool! Can I put it on now?! Can I?! Can I?!\" I said as hopped up and down in excitement. Guy chuckled and responded, \"Sure. Arms up.\" I did as instructed and he slipped the disguise on me. I smiled really big and jumped up and down in excitement. \"Cool! Now I'm a warthog!\" I squealed in happiness. Guy smiled down at me. Then he had a mischievous look on his face. He reached his arms out while I wasn't looking and then he started to tickle me. We were all laughing until we couldn't breathe. I gave him a big hug. \"I always wanted an older brother.\" I slightly whispered with a smile on my face. XxxxxxxXOne Week Later/Chi-Chi's POVXxxxxxxX I was still worried about my three-year-old sister. I thought about her everyday. Other than that all was well. We still stayed inside the cave for long periods of time but we still got used to it. Surprisingly Grug and Ugga became like parents, Eep is like an older sister, Sandy's like my sister, Gran is like my great-grandmother Ruby or at least sometimes and Thunk is my best friend. We became a big family. But unfortunately Sandy decided she didn't wanna be quiet tonight and cry uncontrollably. \"I can try to calm her down.\" I suggested. \"How are you gonna do that?\" Eep asked. \"Give her to me and you'll see.\" I responded. Ugga handed a very squirmy Sandy over to me. \"Good luck.\" Gran said. I sat down with my back up against a wall and started to gently rock back and forth. Hush now, my baby Be still now, don't cry Sleep as your rocked by the stream~ Sleep and remember my last lullaby So I'll be with you, when you dream~ When I looked down at Sandy she was sleeping. Everyone was stunned. \"H-How did you do do that?\" Grug asked. \"Do what?\" I questioned. \"Put Sandy to sleep.\" He responded. \"I just sang her a lullaby.\" I explained. \"Can you teach me?\" Eep asked. \"To sing?\" Eep nodded in reply. I smiled. \"Of course I can.\" I said. And that's when the singing lessons between me and Eep started. Sooo how'd ya like it? I don't own the song \"Deliver Us\". That song goes to the people who own the movie \"The Prince of Egypt\". Hope you guys liked it. Love ya! Bye![Chapter 8] Hi! I'm back again! Okay so I closed the poll today so that way I can tell you what I'm going to do about the pairings. In this fanfic Chi-Chi is going to end up with Thunk. In the next one I write another OC is going be with Guy. And finally in another fanfic it'll be an OC/OC story okay? I cross my heart and hope to die okay. Anyway I hope you enjoy alright. Singing Lessons Start \"Okay Eep, match my voice.\" I instructed. I was sitting down with Eep somewhere in the cave. Today we were starting our singing lessons since she asked me to teach her last night. Voice warm ups. \"La\" I sang in a low but high pitch. Eep did the same. \"Good. Now we're gonna sing a bit higher, okay?\" I explained/asked. \"Okay I'm ready.\" Eep responded. \"La\" I sang in a slightly higher voice. Eep followed suit. \"Great job! You're a fast learner!' I praised. \"Thank you.\" She said with a blush. \"We're gonna a lot higher now, alright?\" I spoke. Eep nodded. \"La\" I voiced in an even higher pitch. Eep did the same. She's a great singer. \"OH MY GOSH YOU DID IT!\" I said in an excited tone. \"REALLY?!\" Eep asked in excitement. \"YEAH!\" I responded as I nodded my head. Then Eep gave me a huge hug. \"Thank you so much.\" She whispered to me. I smiled and replied, \"You're welcome.\" Singing Lessons End XxxxxxxXJuelene's POVXxxxxxxX I was walking with Guy and Belt. It was silent. Nobody was talking at all. The silence was unbearable for me so I started to make a rhythm with my feet. You could call it stepping or whatever but I call it Happy Feet. I was doing some spins, jumps, claps, ect. All types of things. Although what I didn't notice was that I had gone up ahead a little bit. \"Ju-Ju stop!\" Guy shouted to me. I stopped dead in my tracks. I waited for Guy to catch up to me. When Guy caught up to me he held my hand. \"I don't want you to go too far and get lost. Remember, we gotta keep you safe so that way when we find your sister you're still kept in one piece.\" Guy said. \"I'm sorry.\" I told him. \"It's alright. You're not in trouble. I was just saying.\" Guy replied. I smiled up at him as we continued to walk. XxxxxxxXChi-Chi's POVXxxxxxxX I was sitting in a corner somewhere in the cave. I was braiding corn-rows in my hair. It hurt but it had to be done. My hair got frizzy and unmanageable so just decided to do it. While I was working on one of the my braids, Eep came over to me with a curious look on her face. \"What are you doing?\" She asked. \"Braiding.\" I replied. \"What is 'braiding'?\" She questioned. \"Oh... Well... Uh... This.\" I responded as I pointed to one of my finished braids. \"Can you do that to my hair?\" Eep said. I smiled and said, \"Sure I can. But it hurts.\" After I finished my hair I told Eep to sit down in front of me. She did what I told her and I started doing her hair.[Chapter 9] OMG! It's been so long since I've updated! I'm so sorry and I'll make it up to you! Hope ya like it! \"Ow Chi-Chi! This hurts!\" Eep screamed. \"Hey, you're the one who asked me to do this and I told you it would hurt. And I'm sorry but you have to keep still so it can get done. C'mon I'm about to be done.\" I stated. \"What're you doing?\" Grug asked. \"Trying to braid your daughter's hair.\" I casually replied. \"Well why is it hurting her?\" My adoptive father questioned. \"Because she's tender headed.\" I claimed. \"What does tender headed mean?\" Ugga asked. \"It means that a person has a sensitive head.\" I informed. After I said that I realized that I was on the last braid. When I was done removed my hands away from my older sister's head. I looked at my work and saw that I had done at least ten braids. XxxxxxxXJuelene's POVXxxxxxxX It was midday. Guy was carrying me while he was walking. \"I got a question, Guy.\" I said. My adoptive older brother looked down at me. \"What is it?\" He asked. \"Where are we going?\" I responded. \"A place like no other. Where there's more suns in the sky that you can count. Where we'll be safe.\" Guy said. \"What's it called?\" I questioned. \"Tomorrow.\" Big Brother informed. I yawned, rested my head on his shoulder and fell asleep.[Chapter 10] \"Ju-Ju? Ju-Ju wake up.\" Guy whispered. He was shaking me. But since I was comfortable I didn't wake up like he wanted me to. I swated his hand away. \"No. Five more minutes.\" I whined. \"We have to go now! Now come on!\" He said. I groaned in annoyance but got up anyway. \"Put your disguise on.\" Big Brother ordered. I did as I was told. Then he grabbed my hand and started to run. XxxxxxxXChi-Chi's POVXxxxxxxX When I woke up I saw everyone gathered around Grug for story time. I might have fallen asleep a couple of hours ago. Anyway, I looked around and saw everyone except Thunk. I turned around to see if he was in our favorite spot but I ended up being face to face with him. Which caused me to blush since our lips were just centimeters away from each other. We quickly backed away from each other. Our faces were so red! I mean seriously! We were so close to kissing! So close! Wait, why am I getting so excited? He's my best friend/adoptive brother! I'm really messed up. Anyway, Thunk and I said sorry to each other and quickly went over to the rest of the family to listen to the story. When Grug finished the story we got in a sleep pile. Everyone but me was sleeping. I couldn't get my mind off Thunk. I thought about his beautiful brown eyes, that wild hair, his bright sm- WAIT! UGH! Why can't I get him out of my mind?! I might as well just go to sleep. Dream Start I was smiling. It was bright outside. I was happy and I was free. I was on a beach. I turned my head and saw Thunk standing a few feet away from me smiling. I laughed and started to run away from him and into the water. Thunk chased after me. He caught me by grabbing me around my waist. He laughed as he started to spin me around. Then he held me bridal style. We looked each other lovingly. We lean in to kiss. Right before it happened though, everything went dark. Dream End I opened my eyes and found Thunk staring down at me.[Chapter 11] Hi I'm soooo sorry I haven't updated! School's been kicking my behind with Mcas coming up next week and deciding a dress for prom has been a killer since we can't show our shoulders! And putting THAT much pressure on a 6th grader does NOT help at all! Sorry! Hope ya like it! I blushed a crimson red as I realised I was staring back at Thunk. \"Um... Thunk?\" I spoke nervously. \"Yeah?\" He responded. \"Uh... You can get off... N-Now.\" I stuttered. He looked down realising our position. Me laying down and him sitting on my waist. He blushed deeply and quickly got up. \"S-Sorry!\" Thunk stated. \"It's alright.\" I replied smiling. I sat up and looked around and noticed that me and Thunk were the only ones in the cave. I was curious. \"Where are the others?\" I asked. \"They went hunting. They were gonna wake you up but then I told them to let you sleep. Dad disagreed but then I promised him I would stay in here and watch over you.\" He said. \"Oh.\" I replied in understanding. \"But I have one more question.\" I said. \"And what would that be?\" The caveman questioned. \"Why were you on top of me?\" I asked. He blushed deep red. \"Well... I... Uh... You... Were... Having a bad dream!\" He spoke. \"A bad dream, huh?\" I replied raising a quizzical eyebrow. He nodded fiercely. \"Okay then. Well the others won't be back 'til at least sunset so... What do we do until then?\" I thought out loud. Then a light bulb went off over my head. I turned to my crush. \"Wanna hear a song?\" I asked. \"Sure!\" He responded. XxxxxxxXJuelene's POVXxxxxxxX Me and Guy were still running. Well he was running and I was being carried by him. A multi-colored, over-grown saber tooth tiger was chasing us. I had no idea where we were going until Guy suddenly turned into a cave and fortunately the wild cat didn't follow us. Guy put me down while panting and we walked to the end of the cave and sat down on the ground. \"Hey Guy?\" I said. He hummed in response. \"Want me to sing you a song?\" I asked. He smiled at me. \"Sure!\" He replied. XxxxxxxXChi-Chi and Ju-Ju's POVXxxxxxxX Just when you think Hope is lost And giving up is all you got And blue turns black Your confidence is cracked There seems no turning back from here Sometimes there isn't an obvious explanation Why the holiest heart can feel the strongest palpitations That's when you can build a bridge of light That's what turns the wrongs all right That's why you can't give up the fight That's when love turns nighttime into day That's when loneliness goes away That's why you gotta be strong tonight Only love can build us a bridge of light When your feet are made of stone And your convinced that you're alone Look at the stars, instead of the dark You'll find your shines like the sun But let's let our anger get us lost When the need to be right comes with way too high a cost That's when love can build a bridge of light That's what turns the wrongs all right That's when you know it's worth the fight That when love turns nighttime into day That's when loneliness goes away That's why you gotta be strong tonight 'Cause only love can build us a bridge of light Deep breath, take it on the chin But don't forget to let the love back in That's when love can build a bridge of light That's what turns the wrongs all right That's when you can't give up the fight That's when love turns nighttime into day That's when loneliness goes away That's why you gotta be strong tonight 'Cause only love can build us a bridge of light Only love can build us a bridge of light Of light... Of light... XxxxxxxXChi-Chi's POVXxxxxxxX I opened my eyes and turned to Thunk. We both stared at each other and slowly leaned in. And then it happened. We kissed! I was so happy! His lips were so soft. Like a fluffy pillow. I know I sound stupid but it's the truth. I love him and he loves me. That's all there is to it. I know it must have been crappy but I'll make it up to you okay! I'm soooo sorry once again! And the song is called 'Bridge of Light' and all rights of the song go to P!nk and whoever made the movie Happy Feet, okay! Once again I'm sorry! Love you guys![Chapter 12] Hi everyone! I'm sorry I haven't updated in a while! I finished Mcas and the dress issue has been solved! I know the last chapter was all crappy and cheesy but I'll try to make it up to you okay! And let me show you the pairings again so that way you're not confused alright? Good here we go... ThunkxOC GuyxEep GrugxUgga Ju-Ju's not gonna be paired up with anyone since she's 3-years-old. I know she talks like a friggin' five year old but she's based on my younger sister and my sister is a fast developer okay and I'd be lying if I said she wasn't. No my sister isn't three, she's actually 1 turning 2 in June this year. Anyway... ON WITH THE STORY! XxxxxxxXJu-Ju's POVXxxxxxxX I opened my eyes only to find Guy and Belt smiling at me warmly. \"Ya know, you have an amazing little voice.\" Guy said. I blushed and responded, \"Thanks.\" Guy smiled at me and picked me up. And our walk to find my sister and to travel to Tomorrow continued. XxxxxxxXChi-Chi's POVXxxxxxxX I was blushing crimson red as we pulled away. We tried to look back at each other but we couldn't hold our gaze for that long. Turns out he was red too. \"Y-You...Have...Soft lips?\" He said nervously. \"T-Thanks.\" I responded in the same tone. \"So...Uh...Does this mean we're together now?\" I asked. \"Not officially. We'd have to...Um...Ya know...Um-\" He was cut off. \"Right. I get it. Mate or whatever?\" I said. \"Y-Yeah.\" He replied. \"Oh.\" I spoke. I turned to him and he did the same. He grabbed my shoulders and kissed me again but this time with alittle more passion. It basically turned into a makeout session which I'm not gonna bore you with so moving on. It was almost sundown and the others were going to be home soon. Me and Thunk were laying on the ground next to each other talking. Suddenly he popped a random question. \"Hey, Chi-Chi? Are you still worried about your sister?\" \"Yes?\" I said confused. \"Why do you ask?\" I questioned. \"Well, you don't talk about her very often.\" He replied. \"I try not to worry about her often since she's not my daughter and I hate to worry because it makes me scared.\" I informed. \"I hate fear.\" I mumbled. Thunk pulled me into a sideways hug. \"It's okay. We'll find her.\" He spoke. \"I hope so.\" I said. Thunk kissed me on the side of my forehead. Just then Grug moved the rock that blocked the entrance to the cave and let everyone else walk in before he himself came in. Luckily no one noticed us move quickly to sit up against the wall. \"Nice to see you finally join the living, Chi-Chi.\" Gran said to me. \"Nice to see you too?\" I responded alittle unsure what to say. \"So what did you both do while we were gone?\" Grug asked. Me and Thunk looked at each other and then back at Grug. \"Um...Nothing? We just talked all day and I sung again. And that's pretty much it.\" I replied, leaving out the kissing part. \"That's it?\" Eep questioned. \"Yup.\" I informed. \"You sure?\" Gran asked. \"Mmmhmm.\" I hummed in response. \"Well how 'bout a story?\" Grug asked. We all agreed. Grug then told a story which ended with everyone dying as always. Then we got into a sleep pile and went to sleep. Dream Start I was walking. Down a small path that lead to a beach. I was wearing a leopard print dress that went to my knees, my hair was hanging loosely behind my shoulders with a red rose on the side and I was carrying a single rose in my hands. I was smiling a bright smile and I had happy tears flowing down my face. I was so happy and excited. When I got to the end of the path I saw everyone. Eep, Gran and Ugga were standing off to the side with single roses in their hands and hair as well while Thunk, Grug, and to my surprise Guy were standing on the opposite side which was the left. Juelene and Belt were sitting in front of everyone. When my foot steps were heard by the people they all focused their attention to me and smiled in astonishment and pride. Juelene and Belt gasped in amazement. I gracefully walked over to Thunk and stood in front of him. We exchanged our vows and sealed them with a kiss. Dream End Well I hope you liked it and I'm sorry I haven't updated in a very long time! Review! Love ya! Bye! Hair: url?sa=i&rct;=j&q;=rose+hair&source;=images&cd;=&cad;=rja&docid;=q1gCnsw-2Iy8dM&tbnid;=86qRrQJcM8NSmM:&ved;=0CAUQjRw&url;=http%3A%2F% .com% &ei;=WYCYUZLyNNK14AO60YCADQ&psig;=AFQjCNFHYL0hAaEwiQViuQqpLNVvxZnqaA&ust;=1369035184021374 Dress: url?sa=i&rct;=j&q;=leopard+print+sarong&source;=images&cd;=&cad;=rja&docid;=RFycaEUiczDvJM&tbnid;=k7KZiBoHIUMwfM:&ved;=0CAUQjRw&url;=http%3A%2F% .com% &ei;=EIKYUaKlKK6n4AOBzID4Cg&psig;=AFQjCNGFpzsuzz89HkiH5kEVXfRRBlGCqQ&ust;=1369035625058532 Flower: url?sa=i&rct;=j&q;=single+red+rose+flower&source;=images&cd;=&cad;=rja&docid;=2Xwo-r5IMMh-BM&tbnid;=avX9vlIsk3FXFM:&ved;=0CAUQjRw&url;=http%3A%2F% .com%2Fpic-101895439% &ei;=qYGYUfKdOJXb4APwkYCoDA&psig;=AFQjCNED5b56HAsdnssBoYQVIsfVIMHFOg&ust;=1369035552658249[Chapter 13] Hi everyone! I'm sorry for not updating for so long! School's been a killer and I had writer's block! Good news is that my sister is turning two on Bunker Hill Day and that's today and then the week after I'll be on Summer Break so that means more updates! And one more thing, the movie starts in this chapter okay! So without further interruptions I give you... The Time Traveling Girl! When I woke up everyone was still asleep. I could tell that it was morning since the sunrays peeping through a small space in the cave was very bright. I tried to get up but then I felt a weight on top of my stomach and found Thunk's head on it. I slowly eased my way from him without waking him up and went over to a blank wall, sat down, covered my hands in dirt and started to draw a picture of my whole family. My mother, father, uncles, aunts, cousins, siblings, everyone you could think of. I silently shed tears of happiness and misery. I missed my family. Then random questions came into my head.' Are they thinking of me and Juelene? Do they miss us? Are they worried?' The questions wouldn't stop. Then I got fed up and forced my thoughts to stop. Soon everyone woke up and Grug said that we would go hunting today and Ugga said that it was Bath Night again. My adoptive father opened up the cave again and went out first. he tried to do the 'wait for the signal' scheme again and once again it turned out to be a bust like last time. We set out for hunting. Grug spotted food, Thunk retrieved the food, the mother of the food tackled him and made him drop the egg, then all of us turned it into a football game in which all of us won. But we got chased by the cat/owl thingy-thing-thing back to our cave. We lost the thing by flying to the front of our cave then we all ate and then had to go back inside because it was getting dark. Ugga picked up a weird-looking stick and beat out our clothes with it and as many times as it happened I was still not used to it since I'm more sensitive than the others. Then I noticed that Eep wasn't inside. I snuck outside and saw her climbing up on a ledge right above our prehistoric home. I shook my head in amusement and climbed up to join her while slipping in the process. \"What are you doing?\" I asked as I settled on the stone wall. \"Nothing\" She responded. We looked out beyond the horizon and held up one hand to touch the sunlight that was quickly fading. It moved off our hands and our faces held hopeful expressions. \"Please come back tomorrow.\" We said in unison. We where about to climb down but then we heard a noise and saw a weird shadow. We looked at each other and smiled then we climbed on a branch. Just before we could climb up any further Grug spotted us. \"EEP! CHI-CHI!\" He called out in worry and fear. I jump in surprise and then gasped and pointed to the creature that chased us earlier. He saw where I pointed to a he quickly turned back around. \"Guys, come down!\" He yelled as he tried to hold off the creature. We climbed down fast and then jumped and ran inside with him. Our father quickly closed the rock over the entrance. \"That was too close.\" Grug said. \"We were fine we were watching!\" Eep said. \"What were you doing up there, guys?\" He asked. \"Nothing.\" We responded. \"Well why were you up there?\" He questioned. \"I don't know.\" We once again replied unanimously. \"Why don't you know?\" He said as he tilted our heads up to look at him. We gave exasperated and annoyed sighs. Then we climb up on a ledge and lay down in a fetal position. \"Girls, will you two come down here?\" He spoke. Then Ugga pulled him away from our ledge and ended up having a small argument with him about me and Eep having our own space for now, Grug said that Eep never listened to him and that her behavior was starting to rub off on me now. I quickly got angry and handed Eep a twig that was nearby and she threw it at his head. \"See, Eep's listening and Chi-Chi's not following her!\" Ugga said. Grug let out a heavy sigh in response. \"How 'bout a story Eep and Chi-Chi love those.\" Our mother gently suggested. Then Grug lit up like a Christmas tree. \"That's a good idea. How 'bout a story huh?\" Then everyone except me and Eep gathered around and Grug used Crispy Bear as the main character for his story, which ended in death and us all going to sleep. XxxxxxxXEep's POVXxxxxxxX I woke up an it was dark outside but then I saw a light. It was so bright but it kept moving everywhere and it even went into my brother's mouth for a second before it came out. It was in front of the entrance to the cave but then it disappeared completely. I quickly rushed over to the rock that covered the entrance to our home and started to push it aside a little so I could fit through it. But I flinched when it made a loud noise and quickly glanced at my family. I pushed again and slipped out. Then my journey to find the light. I hope you liked it and I'm sorry for it being so short. I'm on my mother's iPhone and I didn't wanna squeeze the whole movie in this chapter and I'm sorry about Juelene not being in here! She'll be in the next chapter I promise you! Also I've made a new fanfic for the movie Epic! Please check it out and review or PM me to let me know what you think![Chapter 14] Hi! Back again! Sorry about the last chapter! Like I promised Juelene shall be in this chapter and you already know the hops and skips Eep did when she was following Guy and I don't know how to describe that small part! Sorry! On with the story! When I jumped from the small opening I found a light. It looked like the sun actually. I crept closer to it and just when I was about to touch it I flinched from the heat and jumped back a couple of inches from it. Then I crept closer to it again and then I heard someone behind me. I got in defensive mode and flipped the person over my shoulder. I saw that it wasn't a person but a hog! I quickly grabbed a nearby rock and held it above my head to strike but at the last moment it held out hands that looked like a regular persons and then I faltered in my grip and lowered the rock down for a minute but then the creature moved again and it turned into a boy. Brown hair, brown eyes, slightly tanned skin with animal markings, weird looking feet, white/grey pants, an orange thing around his waist and brown coverings on his fore arms is what I saw. I lost my grip on the rock and dropped it on his foot which made him scream. I hastily covered his mouth to shut him up since I wasn't supposed to be outside. Unfortunately he grabbed a stick and hit me upside the head with it. I let out yelp of pain and let him go. Then I pushed the boy in response to his actions. Then the light went out and our surroundings quickly got dark. The stranger tried to get to the light but I blocked him from it and claimed it as mine. Then the most unexpected thing came out of his mouth. \"Please. I hate the dark.\" I gasped in shock but moved aside. He bent down over it and relit the light. I gaped in awe. \"What is it?\" I questioned. \"Fire.\" He said. \"Hi, Fire!\" I cooed. He laughed. \"It's not alive.\" The boy said. \"But you said it was dying!\" I retorted. The boy shrugged and said, \"Sorry.\" \"Who are you anyway?\" He asked. \"Eep.\" I replied. \"Who are you?\" I said. \"I'm Guy.\" He spoke. \"Guy?\" I repeated. \"And this is Belt. Cook, conversationalist, and also keeps my pants up.\" He introduced. He took the orange things and it gave a small wave of the hand. Then Guy walked over to a hog that looked like he did a few minutes ago. \"This is my little sister, Juelene.\" He whispered with a warm smile. \"She has the same name that my younger sister's sister has.\" I responded. Then Guy suddenly sprung up to his feet and pulled out a weird object and Belt did the same. Then they got down on their knees and used the strange object to listen to the ground. \"Okay, we have to leave now!\" Guy said. \"Why?\" I replied. \"Because we'll all die if we stay here.\" He explained. \"First the ground is gonna shake, then she Earth splits open, fire, lava, and not to be to dramatic but, AH AH AH AH AH!\" He spoke as he made wild gestures to emphasize his point. \"Come with us.\" He said as he held out his hand. I was going to go with him but then I thought of everyone at home. \"I can't.\" I said. \" If you're ever in trouble then call me with this.\" He stated as he handed me the strange object he was using. I tried it out and lightly laughed and said thank you but he was already gone. I went to go back to the cave but when I turned around my father was there. \"Dad!\" I yelped in suprise. \"Are you hurt?\" Dad asked in worry. Then he started looking over me to make sure that I wasn't hurt but I pushed him off. \"I'm fine. I went out on my own!\" I announced. \"You what?!\" Dad said. I was about to say something but I was interrupted when the owl-cat howled. Dad rapidly grabbed me and we hung off a low branch. \"You didn't even let me talk.\" I said. \"You're grounded.\" Dad claimed. My head dropped. It was already sunrise when me and my father were walking home. I was very angry. I kicked a nearby rock and it almost hit my father. The others spotted us and ran over to make sure we were okay. Sorry about the chapter being so short and even though it didn't switch to Juelene's POV she was still mentioned! Hope you liked it! Bye![Chapter 15] Hi everyone! I'm on summer vacation now so more updates! But unfortunately next week I won't be able to update next week on the 6th-the 13th because I was gonna go to Martha's Vineyard with my family and I have summer camp on Monday-Thursday! Don't worry I'll probably work on finishing this story tonight and then work on the next ones that I told you about! Okay on with the story! XxxxxxxXChi-Chi's POVXxxxxxxX \"Eep!\" Ugga and I yelled in relief and excitement. \"Mom! Chi-Chi!\" She squealed. \"Are you alright? What happened?\" My adoptive mother asked. \"Nothing. I'm fine.\" My older sister replied. Then I slapped my sister in the face. \"OW! WHY'D YA DO THAT?!\" Eep screeched. \"Because you worried me.\" I said casually. \"Well you hurt.\" My sister laughed. \"I guess you're right.\" I giggled. \"Oh you'll never believe this, but I found something new!\" She announced. \"NEW!\" Everyone except me and Eep yelled out while forming a circle around us. \"New is a big problem!\" Grug proclaimed once again. \"But-\" Eep and I spoke as we were about to protest but we got cut off. \"Girls, stay inside the Family Kill Circle.\" Ugga ordered us. \"He wasn't bad!\" Eep stated. \"Excuse me. He?\" Grug said. \"Well at first he was a hog but then he turned into a boy.\" My sister explained while having a dreamy look and twirling a strand of her wild hair with one of her fingers. \"Strange. It's usually the reverse.\" Gran mused. \"Eep's got a boy-hog! Eep's got a boy-Oomf!\" Thunk chanted but got hit in the face by our older sister. \"But it was a boy!\" Eep shouted. \"See? I'm going to call him with this.\" She informed. Just before she blew the conch I had a small flashback from the movie. Flashback Start \"See? I'm going to call him with this.\" The cavewoman announced as she held up the conch which made everyone jump back from her. The girl steadied the shell in the right position and held it to her lips. The shell barely made any noise before it got snatched away from the girl and got pummeled to tiny pieces. The girl bent down and picked it up in sadness. \"What is wrong with you?!\" She screamed. Flashback End I was pulled back out of my thoughts as the memory ended. I was about to stop her from blowing the shell but I was too late. Everyone -except me and Eep- started too smash the shell. When they were done I gasped in horror as I saw the object in tiny bite-sized pieces. Eep bent down and picked up some of the pieces. \"What is wrong with you?\" My sister questioned. \"It was dangerous!\" Grug retorted. \"It was BEAUTIFUL!\" Eep spat back. \"YOU WANNA SEE DANGEROUS?! HERE!\" She shouted in anger as she threw a piece at Thunk's nose. Grug and Ugga bugged their eyes out at her. \"You know what? That's it you're grounded for good!\" Grug spoke. \"WHAT?!\" Eep screamed. \"You can't keep me inside forever!\" She yelled. Then Eep started to throw a temper tantrum but stopped as everything around us started to tremble. \"He said this would happen.\" Eep muttered loud enough for us to hear. Grug gasped as he turned to look at her. I forgot some lines from the movie and I'm sorry but I don't remember them so I had to make up the lines as I went along! Also, do you guys want a sequel to this? Let me know so I can work on it! and I'm also gonna try and update my Epic fanfic for those of you who have read it! Love you guys! Bye![Chapter 16] Hi! I an very excited because now I have over 30 reviews! WOOOHHHOOO! Cookies for everyone! ENJOY! Eep looked down at her feet and the ground cracked a line between them. We were all scared. \"To the cave! Go!\" Grug ordered. And we all ran through the canyon as rocks fell everywhere. Unfortunately, some rocks had fell on my arm and one of my feet so now was limp-running. We came out of the canyon and the wall above our cave was falling and the others-minus me and Grug-would've been squashed like a bug if me and my father hadn't thrown a couple of rocks to trip them. We looked to see our home get smashed by a whole bunch of rocks and me and Grug rushed over to the family to shield them from the impact the commotion had spread. luckily none of us were harmed by it and we turned around and saw nothing but ruble. Tears stung my eyes as I shakily walked over to it. \"Grug. Our cave. It's Gone.\" My mother spoke sadly. Then Eep saw a light as well as I did too. My sister and I walked/limped up to get a better look. Our eyes widened in amazement. \"You really need to see this.\" Eep and I said at the same time. Dad walked up to see what we were talking about and the rest of the family followed. Everyone was awe struck. But Eep was the first one to snap out of it. \"We should go there!\" My sister exclaimed. \"No!\" Grug protested as he held back Eep from going anywhere. \"We are gonna find a new cave to call home.\" Grug finalized. Me and Eep groaned. But then all of us heard a snarl behind us and we turned to see the owl-cat ready to pounce on us. We didn't any other choice but to jump off the cliff behind us. We all ran but as we were about to jump, Dad gathered us all and we fell together but we all got separated as we got through the trees. I got hurt even worse since my foot and arm were already injured but now I think my arm and foot are broken because I couldn't move them at all and I was too scared to look at them. Dad started to do a head count but it only ended at six because I was stuck on a tree branch. \"Where's Chi-Chi?\" Ugga said. \"I'm up here!\" I screamed. Everyone looked up. \"Come down!\" Gran screeched. \"I can't!\" \"Why not?!\" Thunk called. \"Because I'm hurt!\" \"Can you move at all?!\" Grug questioned. \"A little bit!\" \"Well, roll off and I'll catch you!\" \"Promise?!\" \"Promise!\" I rolled but I hurt myself even more with every move I made. Then I dropped and fell into my father's arms. \"Now let me see.\" My father said as he checked over me. When he touched my left foot and my right arm I flinched. \"That hurts?\" Dad asked. I nodded. \"Okay.\" He sighed as he picked me up bridal style. \"You gonna carry me?\" I questioned. \"You are hurt aren't you?\" He said. \"Yeah.\" \"Then I'll carry you.\" The caveman said. Hope you liked it! I really can't remember the lines! Sorry![Chapter 17] Hi guys! I ran out ideas and I need your help! I know you thought that this was a chapter and I'm really, really sorry! But please help me![Chapter 18] Hi! Thanks for reading and reviewing! Love you guys! Here's some cookies! Enjoy! \"Where are we?\" Eep asked. \"I don't know. Somewhere...Uh...Down. But one thing's for sure: We can't go back the way we came.\" Grug responded. Then Sandy started to snarl. \"What is it, Sandy?\" Ugga questioned. Sandy crawled over to a colorful bush and jumped in it. This made Grug put me down momentarily to grab the baby and when he did we saw that the little girl had a cute elephant-mouse in her mouth. Dad shuddered as he took it out of Sandy's mouth. The tiny elephant-mouse blew its trunk in agitation and then a trail of the same species came out of the bush. I giggled at the sight. \"What's so funny?\" Thunk asked. \"The elephant-mice. They're so cute!\" I squealed. Thunk chuckled. The Dad turned around and picked me back up. \"Now, since we don't know what we're up against in this place, we need to be quiet and careful.\" Dad stated. Then we started our exploration. Judging by where the sun was, it was getting late. We were tired and hungry. Dad put me down again when we came across the monkeys. My father tried to scare them off the way he did with all animals but it didn't work and he ended up getting punched around which made me and Gran laugh. Then the monkeys picked Dad up and then dropped him and ran off. I quickly got scared. Dad said something to the monkeys as they ran off but then he slowly turned around when he heard something moving. Soon everyone was facing the huge multi-colored tiger and hid behind Dad. Father threw a rock at the animal but it caught the rock, threw it aside and roared at us. Thunk quickly picked me up and was the first one to run off. The others followed. We then came to a clearing with red grass. We thought we lost the cat but we were wrong. Grug picked up another rock off the ground and was about to strike but then it was starting to get dark and the tiger ran off. \"HA! It's scared of the dark! But wait. We're scared of the dark.\" Thunk said. Then we saw red birds fly into the sky. The others except me were in awe as they watched the birds fly. The animals then made a tornado and ate one of the creatures in the field and left nothing but the bones. We were all scared. Grug shielded us all from the birds but Eep ran out from under him and blew into a horn she had found on the ground. Dad was torn. Grab Eep and leave us vulnerable or shield us and let Eep be in danger. My sister kept blowing the horn until she was interrupted by Guy and... Someone or something. Guy then lit a torch and held Eep close. The birds had avoided the fire but this had a lot of wind blowing our way. When the birds all flew of Dad unshielded us. Then he went all up in Guy's face. Everyone except me and Eep surrounded Guy. Guy used his torch as a defense against my family. He was scared. When Thunk tried to get close, Guy flashed the torch to him and he jumped back and shielded his face. \"The sun is his hands!\" Thunk shouted. \"No he's not! It's fire!\" Eep replied. \"Where did it come from?\" Ugga asked. \"He made it!\" My older sister informed. \"Make some for me!\" Dad ordered. Then he accidentally crushed the life out of Guy and dropped him. \"GREAT! Now he's broken!\" My sister yelled. The small figure that we saw earlier shook Guy. \"Big Brother?\" The thing said. That voice! It sounded familiar. Hope you liked it! Review or PM me to let me know what you think![Chapter 19] Hi! Here's another glorious chapter! Thanks for the reviews too! I really love them! Here's a plate of cookies for the road too! Hope you guys like it! Guy smiled at the small figure. \"I'm okay, Ju-Ju.\" \"You sure?\" The familiar voice asked. \"Yeah. And you can take your disguise off too.\" Then the person removed their costume. I was shocked into silence. I couldn't breathe at all. That wasn't just any person either! My sister! A smile found its way to my lips. I shakily stood up despite my foot's painful protest. My little sister looked over at me. Guy followed her stare and so did the others. All was silent. We walked slowly at first and then broke into a sprint. We crashed into each other and fell on our knees but we still held one another tightly. Me and Juelene started to cry. \"Don't cry, Cupcake. I'm here. I'm here.\" I croaked. \"I was so worried!\" She sobbed. \"I know. I know. It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay.\" I calmly reassured. Meanwhile, everyone else stood off to the side smiling and watching. After a few more minutes, Juelene and I stopped crying and dried our tears. Then my family and Guy came over to us. \"This is your sister?\" Grug asked. I nodded fiercely. Then Dad bent down to her level and held out his hand. \"Hi I'm Grug. What's your name?\" Father said. Juelene looked up at me a little unsure. I smiled in approval. \"I'm Juelene. Nice to meet you, Grug.\" The 3-year-old replied and shook his hand. \"Nice to meet you too, Juelene.\" Dad responded. Slowly but surely, the rest of the family introduced themselves and everyone got along quickly. I know it was short but I can't remember the rest of the scene! Hope you guys liked it![Chapter 20] Hi everyone! Thanks for the reviews! I need help again! Please?! Thank you![Chapter 21] Hi guys! I know that I haven't updated in a long time and I'm sorry! I got sick and I ran out of ideas! Question: Should I do a sequel to this story? Review and let me know! I put up a poll for it too! Hope you like it! \"What have you been doing all this time?\" I asked my sister. \"Trying to find you and traveling to Tomorrow.\" She replied. \"Tomorrow?\" I asked, even thought knew the answer to that. \"Yeah! Guy said we would be safe there!\" Juelene explained. I smiled. \"Will you come?\" She asked. I thought about it real hard. ' If I go with Guy then I could still be with Juelene but not with the others but if I don't go then I'll be separated from her again. UUUUUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHHHH! Maybe I should ask Ugga for help! ' I thought. \"Uh. I'll be right back.\" I informed my sister. Then I walked over to Ugga. \"Mom?\" She looked up at me. \"Yes?\" \"Can I ask you something? It's really important.\" I say. I know it's short but I wanted to do a cliffhanger! I might be able to update tomorrow so don't worry but don't get your hopes up either. Or maybe I'll update tonight I don't know. Tomorrow is one of my younger brother's birthday and he's turning 7 so I might update in the evening time. But don't worry. And once again about the sequel to this story, should I? PM and review. I also put up a poll about it so be sure to vote! 'Til next time! Love you bye![Chapter 22] Hey everybody! I know that I haven't updated in a very long time but I had summer camp and my tablet still won't let me log in or update anything! Thanks for the reviews and thank you Shadowspring for telling me what happens next in the movie! Those of you who like Rise of the Guardians, I made a fanfic for it called 'Frosty Love'! On with the story! \"What is it?\" Ugga asked me. \"What should I do now that I've found Juelene?\" I responded. \"Have you thought about it?\" \"Yes but I don't wanna leave you guys!\" \"Sweetheart, you'll never leave us. We're your family. If you wanna go with your sister then you can. We won't hold it against you.\" I smiled and hugged her. \"Thanks Mom.\" I said. She chuckled. \"Your welcome.\" She responded. I stood up and walked to Juelene. She looked up at me expectantly. I smiled and nodded. She grinned and hugged me. I chuckled at her. I can't tell you how funny it was when Guy ended up in the log. Especially when he said, \"I have a mission! A reason to live!\" and then Eep said, \"Not anymore!\" in that sweet voice you use when you reason or try to calm someone. We were all walking for hours on end. All that was heard was complaints to Grug about how tired and hungry everyone was. \"It's taking too long!\" Gran shouted. She hopped up on the log. \"I'm grabbin' me a snack.\" The possibly 90 year old said. Uh oh! Looks like Gran is on the prowl! I'm not funny I know. I'm sorry that was so short! I know that the chapter was short but my plot bunnies ran away from me and I need help! If you have any ideas then please let me know! Please help! Til next time! Bye![Chapter 23] Hi guys! I know you are mad at me for not updating and I'm very sorry! Whoever voted on my poll thank you! I really wasn't sure weather or not I should! Those of you that read my story for the movie Epic, I need help with the next chapter! Please? Enjoy this chapter! Gran hopped up on the log that Guy was trapped in and looked at Belt like he was food. Guy was panicking as the old woman got closer. \"Don't eat him! He's my pet!\" Guy said. \"What's a pet?\" Gran asked. \"An animal you don't eat!\" Guy replied. Gran laughed. \"We call those children.\" The elder informed. Guy was really scared now. Gran licked her wrinkly lips and was about to grab the tiny animal but Belt pulled out a knife. \"Don't move any closer! He WILL cut you!\" Guy warned. I shook my head as Dad mumbled something under his breath about how having a pet is weird and wrong. \"Food!\" Grug shouted. \"No, please!\" Guy begged. \"Not that, that!\" My father announced at he set down the skinny teenage boy. Dad was looking at a huge bird in its nest with its egg. My eyes widened in fear and speechlessness. \"Okay, that's a big bird, Dad.\" I said. \"Oh I'm not going. Thunk is.\" \"WHAT?! Dad you can't be serious, I mean, look at him! He's tired and worn out!\" I shouted. My adoptive father gave me a look the was just plain scary. I sighed in defeat. I stomped over to where my older sister was sitting with Guy and stayed next to them. \"You okay?\" Eep asked me. \"Yeah. Unless you count being scared out of your wits by your dad.\" I responded. \"Why'd he do that?\" Guy asked. \"Because I protested about Thunk being the one to hunt.\" I said as I crossed my arms. Eep put a hand on my shoulder. \"Don't be mad. You know how Dad is when things don't go his way.\" She consoled. \"I know but it just gets so annoying sometimes and then when I have a slip of my tongue I get in trouble.\" I voiced. \"You get in trouble because of the way you word your emotions.\" Eep retorted. \"Oh puh-lease! Just because I say one bad word?!\" \"Yes.\" \"I give up.\" I sighed. I walked away to a tree nearby and started pounding my head against the trunk. I heard giggling behind me and looked back to see Juelene and Belt. I smiled. \"What's up?\" I greeted. \"Nothing. Except Belt and I are gonna help Big Brother and Eep set up a trap!\" My younger sister beamed. \"A trap huh?\" \"Yup!\" I giggled lightly. She's really energetic. \"You can go.\" I said. She squealed and rushed to go help out with the trap. I walked over to my unofficial boyfriend and checked to make sure he was okay. \"Chi-Chi, I'm fine.\" Thunk protested. \"You just got hurt by a gigantic bird, and your telling me you're okay?\" I said. He shook his head. \"I've been through worse and you know that.\" \"I know but I can still worry about you.\" I spoke as a blush crept up on my face as I looked into his brown eyes. He placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. \"You worry too much.\" He told me. I smiled at him. He smiled back. We shared a happy moment but it was short lived as we heard the bird make noises again. I knew what was happening so I didn't pay any attention to the scene playing out before me. I heard a loud thud. I looked up to see that the bird was tied up and dead. It died when it hit the ground. My family, minus Ju-Ju, Belt and Guy of course looked at me. I sighed and got to prepping dinner. After about an hour or two, dinner was ready and I made a portion for Guy, Juelene, Belt and myself while the rest of the family ate like wild animals. I couldn't blame them though. They'd never had this much food since the other Cavemen died. I felt bad for them. After everyone was done eating, Dad told a story that basically summarized this whole trip and it ended with everyone dying like always. \"Whoa! Some shock twist ending! My stories never end like that!\" Guy commented. That made everyone gather around him. Guy looked a little nervous but he told the story anyway. At the end of the story, Guy and Eep looked each other in the eyes and smiled a small smile at each other. It took all the will power I had not to tease them. Dad noticed their looks too and ruined the moment by telling them that it was time to go to bed. Guy got put inside the log again and was laid down next to Eep but Dad got in between them and placed Guy on his right side. Eep turned away from him and went to sleep. Then the rest of us fell asleep too. Dream Start I was back in my old room looking for something franticly. \"Oh! Where is it?!\" I asked myself, panic clear in my voice. \"Looking for something?\" I heard a familiar voice. I turned around and saw my mother leaning in the doorway holding up a golden necklace with a single snowflake charm clasped to it, smirking. I sighed in relief and ran over to grab my necklace. My mom put the piece of jewelry around my neck and set her hands on my shoulders to look at me. I had on a black dress that went to the ground, black closed toe shoes, my hair was straightened and it went down to my waist. My lips were colored a bright cherry red and my eyes were colored a smoky black and sparkly silver. I was smiling in excitement. My mom was too. She had tears in her eyes that were about to spill any second. \"My baby's all grown up.\" She sobbed. \"Mama don't cry or else you'll make me cry too.\" I said. She sniffled. \"I know sweetheart but I'm your mother. I'm supposed to cry.\" She smiled. \"I hope you're not like this with Juelene and Jameson.\" I told her. She playfully glared at me. I laughed. She did too. Then our doorbell rung. \"I'll get it!\" My little brother, Jameson announced. The little boy opened the door to reveal someone who looked a lot like Thunk. The teenage boy looked down at my brother and smiled. \"George!\" Jameson shouted. \"Jameson! How've ya been?!\" The older person beamed. \"Good! I'll tell Chi-Chi you're here!\" My younger brother informed. I heard footsteps. I saw Jameson walk into my room. He was smiling. He did a mock bow. \"Your prince is here, milady.\" Jameson teased. I blushed. \"Thank you for letting me know.\" I replied as I did a curtsey. I took a deep breath and gave my mother one last hug before going downstairs. I walked down to see George waiting for me. I smiled at him. He smiled in return. He held out his hand. I took it. Then the last thing I saw was us walking out the door. Then everything went black. Dream End I woke up and stretched. I looked around and saw everyone still asleep. Boom! I jumped and looked over to where Dad was sleeping and saw a friggin' disaster! My father was on the edge of a cliff and he was holding the log that Guy was in. As my father turned he switched the log to his other side. Guy was sliding out. I went over to Grug and tried to wake him up but got no response so I tried waking up Guy next by poking his head until he woke up. Guy opened his eyes and looked slightly dazed until he realized what was happening. He screamed and woke everybody up. We saved him just in time because he was very close to falling out. Hi guys! Let me know what you think! Sorry that I didn't update for a long time! Love you guys! bye![Chapter 24] Hi! I'm back again! Thank you Super Guest for telling me what happens next and thank you for the reviews! Hope you guys enjoy! After our little run in with The End, we came across a place that looked like the Coral Reef. Me and Juelene were in awe. We've seen pictures of it on the internet but seeing it up close put those pictures to shame. No offense to anyone. Unfortunately we came across the pointy rocks so we all wouldn't be able to cross. But then I remembered that this is the part where Guy made shoes for everyone. A light bulb went off over my head. I thought that maybe I could help Guy with making the shoes with Juelene. I was snapped out of my thoughts when Dad accidentally stepped on one of the rocks and screamed. I had to cover my ears since it was so loud. Then he told everyone not to step on the pointy coral but they did it anyway. Then Dad got frustrated with the others. But what he didn't notice yet was that Guy was standing on the coral without a problem at all. Dad was angry and told Guy to comeback but Guy just walked away. Then my father walked on the coral very painfully and grabbed the log that Guy was stuck in but Guy slipped out of the log and fell on the pointy coral. Then he got up and ran behind a coral bush. After a few minutes he came out and stood in front of everyone. \"Okay look, I can help you but on one condition.\" Guy said. \"And what might that be?\" Grug asked. \"Drop the log. The log rides end here.\" Dad did what was instructed. \"Now kick it away.\" Grug kicked it with his toe. \"Farther.\" Dad did the same action he did a second ago. \"Farther.\" My father got upset and kicked the log with so much force that it flew possibly over the Coral Reef. Guy looked at my dad. \"Really?\" \"Okay now what? Smart Guy?\" Guy looked down at Belt. The little prehistoric sloth held up what looked to be starfish. I know that it was short but I only saw the movie about a year and a couple of months ago so I'm a little rusty! Hope you liked it![Chapter 25] Okay I'm trying to avoid these things as much as I can and I know that you thought this was a chapter and I'm sorry but I need help! Can someone please give me an idea so I can update again? Please? Thank you and I'm sorry![Chapter 26] Hello everyone. I know it's literally been years since I last updated but there's been a lot going on, so I apologize for disappearing on you guys. I'm not even sure if anyone still likes this story anymore, but if you do then thank you for being patient with me and again I'm so sorry for leaving you hanging. I will try to figure out what to put in the next chapter, so bear with me if it takes a while. Also, I will try to update my other stories as well, so be on the lookout if you read any of them! ","Summary":" Hi! I'm back and I'm starting a new story! It's a Croods fanfic and it's about this 15-Year-Old gir"}]